    Jeffrey Honickman | Comcast Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Every Brand in Every Land


The Honickman Empire


"Every Brand in Every Land"
Billion Dollar Beverage Business. Likes to control brands and markets.
We started to distribute our apple juice in little brown beer bottles
through Canada Dry in Phila. in 1983. We signed the contract in March,
but they won't start distribution until after July, so I lost the entire
Spring and Summer. They wouldn't even take over the service of the 500
accounts I had selling my juice in the Philadelphia area.
The contract they drafted gave them the product rights in NY, Baltimore,
Washington and Virginia. But those operations didn't know anything about
it and couldn't give me a decision about whether they would take it on
and start selling it.
I eventually parted with the Baltimore-Washington (after Dick Wolf told
me I would be dead meat)  and NY operations because they could care
less. They wanted to tie up the product and keep me from going elsewhere.
Now this was about the same time Snapple was getting started with their
tea and we made fruit teas also.First told me he couldn't sell my tea because
he had Tetley. But, then took on Snapple Teas in 1990.
They lied about they'll being interested in Snapple and then one day
when I went over there to pick up some samples, I found Snapple everywhere. 
We had 16 oz bottles of fruit drinks-fruit punch, lemonade, grapeade, but
Canada Dry wouldn't take that size and proceeded to killed off my lemonade
by selling the 12 oz bottle almost for the same price as the 16 oz Snapple
Lemonade.
In 1990, Told me my juice cocktails were not the same as Snapple Fruit
Ades, but then after Snapple came out with Juice Cocktails (5% juice) in
1991, told me those were different.
At his companies 25th anniversary celebration, he whispered in my
ear-
"If I didn't take Snapple, someone
else would ...
this way we can control it".
A 600 pound gorilla and his pointy tooth lawyer believe they can make
up the rules as they go along.
The Snapple people had already pulled Snapple from my Maryland distributors
(who sued them and won) because they wanted them to drop my brand. 
We backed off from Canada Dry the first year with them selling Snapple
Teas, lemonade and fruit punch. We found that the Canada Dry salespeople
were selling Snapple and not Elliott's. They killed off my lemonade by
selling the 12 oz lemonade for the same as the Snapple 16 oz instead of
selling my 16 oz lemonade. Then the second year, Snapple came out with
products labeled "Fruit Juice Cocktails"  Canada Dry's spin was these
were different that Elliott's Juice Cocktails. The juice content was lower.
They weren't the same quality...yadda yadda.  We gave them an ultimatum
to sell our fruit juices and fruit drinks exclusively and we eventually
set up a distribution company to sell our products and other products not
yet being distributed in the Philadelphia area.
They said they were going to "split" the sales force with some people
selling Snapple and something else and another group selling Elliott's
and something else. "We have too many brands for one person to sell. This
never happened. I put together a business plan to start up another beverage
distribution plan and had a PERT chart with all the details. I met with
his son, Jeffrey and while impressed told me they were not going to do
that..now.  So in October 1991, we set about to set up shop with a
start up date of April 1992. This was an operation to cover the eight county
Philadelphia metro area with only 10 trucks vs 60+ that Canada Dry had
and 10 salespeople vs 25+ that Canada Dry had. We seemed to have the support
of Imbesi, the Seven-Up operation also located in Conshohocken because
they didn't like the Honickman Empire although they had one of their own.
So the enemy of my enemy is my friend and they agreed to rent up trucks
before our 10 leased trucks were built and delivered.
One day while I was waiting for the phones to be installed, Harold and
Jeffrey came to visit and told me I was making a mistake becoming a
competitor.  In May, the Teamsters were stopping our drivers around
the corner from the warehouse  to organize the drivers and warehouse
personnel. So we had a National Labor Relational Board Election and had
to deal with organized labor and the dance required to treat some people
different than others. I don't think there was much of a out of pocket
cost difference with the union drivers since we had been paying them the
same as other beverage companies. In retrospect, I should have shifted
to a independent owner operator driver sales operation, but my beverage
experts-all from traditional pre-sell soda  operations-led me down
the path of pre-sell salespeople, company cars, next day deliveries requiring
a night shift to pick orders and load trucks and brain dead supervisors
with company cars who hide all day and they came back to ask salespeople
how many cases they sold. Like we had a complete state-of -the-art software
system they gave me that information after the orders were downloaded through
modems and processed.  Five months into the business, we discovered
James
Waldron, my national sales manager who had been the sales manager at
Canada Dry had his own business going and we cleaned house and retrenched
although at the bottling plant was closed by the
bankruptcy trustee and I had that problem to deal with at the same time.
Canada Dry replaced my brand with a knock off of my product line, Country
Pure,  which I stumbled across while attending a "Novell" seminar
in Center City.  and convinced he other Canada Dry buddies to drop
my brand. Then Mott's came out with juices and he dropped Country Pure.
 Country Pure resurrects
it's ugly face in January '03 and guess who is going to distribute it at
low predatory pricing? You got it!
During year two, when we started to distribute Frank's soda which had
been in Philadelphia for over 50 years, he told Super Fresh, a large supermarket
chain, they didn't need another generic soda since they already have their
own brand (which he bottles for them). Of course he now owns the Frank's
brand which has been beaten up to a pulp by Day's Soda. But at least no
one else could sell Frank's.
Under pressure from Corestates, we reluctantly sold our distribution
company to BEI in 1994 at the same time Canada Dry started distributing
Nantucket
Nectars. BEI  was abandoning the 3000 up and down the street accounts
we had and focusing on supermarkets after acquiring Imbesi 7 Up a year
later.  Waldron  was working for for Everfresh and was busy setting
up a distributor network at the same time as "revenge"..
BEI finally folded and the company that had started
"Hank's Root Beer"  had sold their rights to Nantucket Nectars to
Canada Dry. The same company had Arizona tea and this brand went to BEI
and then to Canada Dry although they had Snapple, Mistic and Tetley tea.
So L&M who owned Hank's got out of the distribution business and left
me high and dry without any distribution in Philadelphia. L&M also
owned the rights to a hot beer, Yuengling, and guess who they sold those
rights to? You got it Origlio, who is the Coors distributor owned by Honickman.
In 1991, we were also bottling our juices at Beverage Capital, a plant
owned by Honickman as well as two other plants. We decided to fund a new
dedicated hot fill bottling line at the Maryland
plant, and had a contract to bottle Lipton tea, which Honickman, as
the Pepsi distributor was going to distribute in New Jersey and New York
City).  When the plant was experiencing trouble, instead of offering
to help his buddies at Pepsi get Lipton up and running, he convinced Lipton
to pull out of the new plant to go down the road to his bottling plant
in Baltimore. Without this key piece of business and the revenue, there
was no future for the bottling plant and no way they would be able to reorganize.
It was the major reason why the plant was closed by the bankruptcy trustee.
Hoover's
On line
Here's an interesting law
suit filed against Honickman.
And here's how
Honickman got A&W Root Beer in new York
Here's how Honickman got the rights to 7-Up in
Brooklyn, Queens and Westchester
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS   FOR THE SECOND
CIRCUIT
No. 549, 711 August Term, 1993  Argued: February
11, 1994 Decided: May , 1994
Docket
Nos. 93-7368, 93-7444
Harold Screws Over the 125 Independent Canada Dry Distributors in
NYC.
Plaintiffs-appellants are independent distributors of
soft drink products bottled and/or
distributed by defendant-appellee, Canada Dry Bottling
Company of New York, Inc. ("Canada
Dry"). 1 On November 21, 1990, they sued Canada Dry and
others in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York,
alleging, inter alia, that Canada Dry had
conspired to restrain the trade of soft drink products
in violation of the Sherman Act, the
Clayton Act, the Taft-Hartley Act, and the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act.
FTC's own report on the soft drink industry. 
Recently made the Forbes List of the 400
Richest People in America


My advice: Always marry a rich girl and have her dad buy you a company.
Harold Honickman owns the Pepsi franchise  in NYC and  half
of New Jersey. He'd like to buy Pepsi Philadelphia, but those FTC lawyers
wouldn't like that...he'd have to sell off Canada Dry, but Cadbury is also
buying out their independent distributors in some markets and Honickman
owns those brands from NY though Virginia.
If he sold everything, his son,  Jeffrey, Baron of Bubbles, wouldn't
have anything to do except count all the family money.
 

Nominated in 2002 to the "Beverage Hall of Fame", Harold is disappointed
he's not the only one and offers money to have it renamed the "Honickman
Beverage Hall of Fame".
You'd think he's a warm compassionate human being now that he's donating
money to various institutions for "naming rights". You can't take it with
you and you might as well be remembered for something besides being a monopolistic
megalomaniac.
 

If I give you money, will you name the moon after me? After all it
doesn't have a name yet!
 

If I give you some money, can you put my statute on top of City Hall
instead of William Penn?

Hark!  Harold must have gotten another beverage brand.
 

Hey! Stop picking on Harold. Just because we're monopolists doesn't
mean we don't have a heart. We just keep it in a jar by the side
of our bed.
 
 
 
 


Jeffrey Honickman, Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Jeffrey "Jeff" Honickman

Chief Executive Officer,
Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages Ltd






Career History




Chairman
American Beverage Association, 11/2016-PRESENT


Chief Executive Officer
Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages Ltd, 1990-PRESENT


VP/Secretary
Antonio Origlio Inc, PRESENT


Vice Chairman
American Beverage Association, 10/2015-11/2016


Show More









Website:
www.hongrp.com






Corporate Information
Address:

8275 North Crescent Blvd
Pennsauken, NJ 08110
United States


Phone:
1-856-665-6200


Fax:
1-856-663-6737


Web url:
www.hongrp.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Drexel University
MBA, Finance


George Washington University/The
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Memberships



Board Memberships




Cadbury Schweppes Americas Bev


Board Member, PRESENT




American Beverage Association


Chairman, 11/2016-PRESENT




Comcast Corp


Board Member, 12/2005-PRESENT




American Beverage Association


Vice Chairman, 10/2015-11/2016




American Beverage Association


Board Member, 9/2015-10/2015



Show More





Other Memberships




Pepsi-Cola Bottlers Assn


Board Member




Pepsi-Cola Bottlers Assn


Chairman




Germantown Academy


Trustee




St Joseph's Univ Academy of Food Marketing


Member




Natl Museum of American Jewish History


Trustee




Drexel Univ Coll of Business & Administration


Trustee




American Beverage Assn


Board Member




DR Pepper Snapple Bottlers Association


Board Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Jeffrey A. Honickman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jeffrey A. Honickman
Board Member at Comcast


View Full Profile
Are you Jeffrey A. Honickman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey A. Honickman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey A. Honickman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey A. Honickman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey A. Honickman through your network of contacts.
												








Jeffrey A. Honickman's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Comcast


Past
To view Jeffrey A. Honickman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.B.A., 
															Drexel University


														 B.S., 
															George Washington University


Age
60

 
 


Jeffrey A. Honickman's Biography



Mr. Honickman has served since 1990 as the Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages, Ltd., a bottling and distribution company, which includes among its affiliates Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of New York, Inc. and Canada Dry bottling companies from New York to Virginia. He is also the Vice President and Secretary of Antonio Origlio Inc., a beverage distributor based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which does business as Origlio Beverages. He currently serves as Chairman of the American Beverage Association Board of Directors and as a director of the Dr. Pepper Snapple Bottlers Association.
 
Qualifications: We believe ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Honickman has served since 1990 as the Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages, Ltd., a bottling and distribution company, which includes among its affiliates Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of New York, Inc. and Canada Dry bottling companies from New York to Virginia. He is also the Vice President and Secretary of Antonio Origlio Inc., a beverage distributor based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which does business as Origlio Beverages. He currently serves as Chairman of the American Beverage Association Board of Directors and as a director of the Dr. Pepper Snapple Bottlers Association.
 
Qualifications: We believe that Mr. Honickman's significant experience in the wholesale and consumer products industries, including his experience as a chief executive officer as noted above, renders him qualified to serve as one of our directors.
		
Source: Comcast on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey A. Honickman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jeffrey A. Honickman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey A. Honickman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey A. Honickman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey A. Honickman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jeffrey A. Honickman


















Jeffrey A. Honickman's Connections (123)





Sign up now to view Jeffrey A. Honickman's 123 connections »









Enderson Guimaraes
Board Member, AutoZone, Inc.









Dina Dublon
Board Member, Pepsico, Inc.









Alberto Weisser
Board Member, Pepsico, Inc.









Indra K. Nooyi
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Pepsico, Inc.









J. Ira Harris
Former Board Member, ManpowerGroup Inc.









Daniel L. Vasella
Board Member, Pepsico, Inc.









David C. Novak
Board Member, Comcast









S. Decker Anstrom
Former Board Member, Discovery Communications, Inc.









Sharon P. Rockefeller
Former Board Member, Pepsico, Inc.









Albert P. Carey
Board Member, The Home Depot, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993





















Jeffrey A. Honickman Appointed to Comcast Board of Directors (NASDAQ:CMCSA)



































 










December 19, 2005


Jeffrey A. Honickman Appointed to Comcast Board of Directors
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 19 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Comcast Corporation
(Nasdaq: CMCSA, CMCSK), the nation's leading provider of cable, entertainment
and communications products and services, announced today that Jeffrey A.
Honickman has been appointed an independent director of Comcast Corporation.
    Honickman, 48, is chief executive officer of an affiliated group of
bottling and distribution companies which include the Pepsi-Cola Bottling
Company of New York and the Canada Dry Bottling Company of New York.
    Comcast Chairman and CEO Brian L. Roberts said, "Jeffrey is a respected
and entrepreneurial business leader, and our board and shareholders will
benefit from his insight and experience."
    Honickman's appointment fills the vacancy created by the August death of
Joseph L. Castle, II.  Independent directors constitute two-thirds, or eight
of twelve members, of Comcast's board.  Honickman holds an MBA in Finance from
Drexel University and a BS Degree in Accounting from George Washington
University.  He resides in the Philadelphia area with his wife and their
family.
    About Comcast Corporation
    Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA, CMCSK) (http://www.comcast.com) is the
nation's leading provider of cable, entertainment and communications products
and services.  With 21.4 million cable customers, 8.1 million high-speed
Internet customers, and 1.2 million voice customers, Comcast is principally
involved in the development, management and operation of broadband cable
networks and in the delivery of programming content.
    The Company's content networks and investments include E! Entertainment
Television, Style Network, The Golf Channel, OLN, G4, AZN Television, PBS KIDS
Sprout, TV One and four regional Comcast SportsNets.  The Company also has a
majority ownership in Comcast-Spectacor, whose major holdings include the
Philadelphia Flyers NHL hockey team, the Philadelphia 76ers NBA basketball
team and two large multipurpose arenas in Philadelphia.  Comcast Class A
common stock and Class A Special common stock trade on The NASDAQ Stock Market
under the symbols CMCSA and CMCSK, respectively.

SOURCE  Comcast Corporation


Close window | Back to top
















 



Jeffrey Honickman - Chief Executive Officer @ Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages | crunchbase
czdryaftutvqurvqzfczdryDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Jeffrey HonickmanOverviewTimelineContributorsTop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdatePrimary RoleChief Executive Officer @ Pepsi-Cola & National Brand BeveragesGender:MaleLocation:UnknownPerson DetailsUpdateJeffrey A. Honickman, 56, has served as a director since December 2005. He has served since 1990 as the Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages, Ltd., a bottling and distribution company, which includes among its affiliates Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of New York, Inc. and Canada Dry bottling companies from New York to Virginia. He is also the Vice President and Secretary of Antonio Origlio Inc., a beverage distributor based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which does business as Origlio Beverages. 
He currently serves on the board of directors of the American Beverage Association and the Dr. Pepper Snapple Bottlers Association. Mr. Honickman is a member of the board of trustees of Germantown Academy. He also serves on the board of governors of St. Joseph’s University Academy of Food Marketing and the board of trustees of the National Museum of American Jewish History.
Jobs (2)UpdateCurrentChief Executive OfficerPepsi-Cola & National Brand BeveragesPastStartedEndedTitleCompanyUnknownUnknownVice President and SecretaryAntonio OriglioBoard & Advisor Roles (1)UpdateComcastMember of Board of DirectorsAdd EducationAdd NewsAdd MembershipsAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U

Jeffrey A. Honickman































Media + Technology


 Go to Media + Technology
				
Comcast is working to shape the future of media and technology. We strive to create the best content and constantly pursue innovation to delight our customers.



Technology
Parks and Resorts
TV
Film
Internet
Communications
Sports
Entertainment




Home Management
Business Services
News
Advertising
Comcast Ventures
Customer Experience






News + Info

 Go to News + Info
				




News Feed
Logo + Media Library
Customer Experience




Resources
Company Overview
Executive Biographies
Timeline
Public Policy
Awards & Recognitions
NBCUinversal Transaction
Press & Industry Analyst Contacts
Press Kit PDF




Connect With Comcast
Email Alerts
RSS Feed






Our Company

 Go to Our Company
				
Inspired by a rich heritage, Comcast NBCUniversal has the experience, creativity and leadership to shape the future of media and technology.



Leadership
Businesses
Comcast Cable
NBCUniversal
Comcast Spectacor
Comcast Ventures
50 Iconic Moments






Our Values

 Go to Our Values
				




Community Investment
Digital Literacy
Community Service
Youth Education & Leadership
Media That Matters
Philanthropy & Partnerships







Diversity & Inclusion
Governance
Our People
Supplier Diversity
Programming
Community Investment
Accessibility




Environment
Green Is Universal
Smarter Operations
Integrity
Compliance Program
Code of Conduct
Comcast Listens
Compliance Risk Management






Investors

 Go to Investors
				




Stock Performance
Key Facts
Stock Quotes
Historical Stock Price Lookup
Investment Calculator
Dividends & Stock Splits
Investor News
Events & Presentations




Shareholder Services
My Shareholder Account
Cost Basis Guide
FAQs
Financials
Earnings
Annual Reports
SEC Filings




Corporate Governance
Executive Officers
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Articles of Incorporation
By-Laws
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Director and Executive Officer Ownership
Related Party Transactions Policy






Careers

 Go to Careers
				
We reimagine industries, invent new technologies and are the creators of movies, TV shows, theme park rides and experiences that thrill and entertain millions of people every day.



Opportunities
Culture
Career Sites


















Bio
Jeffrey A. Honickman, Director, comcast corporation












		Jeffrey A. Honickman has served as a director since December 2005. Mr. Honickman has served since 1990 as the Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages, Ltd., a bottling and distribution company, which includes among its affiliates Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of New York, Inc. and Canada Dry bottling companies from New York to Virginia. He is also the Vice President and Secretary of Antonio Origlio Inc., a beverage distributor based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which does business as Origlio Beverages. He currently serves on the board of directors of the American Beverage Association and the Dr. Pepper Snapple Bottlers Association. Mr. Honickman is also a member of the board of trustees of Germantown Academy. 






		Share 















































Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences.  





Home




Media + Technology
News + Info
Our Company
Our Values
Investors
Careers
Blog
Sitemap







CONNECT
COMCAST VOICES BLOG
SUBSCRIBE VIA EMAIL
SUBSCRIBE VIA RSS


CONTACT
CONTACT INFORMATION
FIND US ON GOOGLE+






Terms
				 |  
				Privacy
				 |  
				Comcast Home Page
				 |  
				XFINITY Deals
				 |  
				Business Services
				 |  
				Comcast Customer Service
				 |  
				Internet Service
				 |  
				TV Service
				 |  
				Parental Controls
				 |  
				XFINITY Home
© 2016 Comcast. This website also contains material copyrighted by third parties.










 



Jeff Honickman Appointed Chairman of American Beverage Association - BevNET.com






 













 































































BevNET



 

]">

 








Jeff Honickman Appointed Chairman of American Beverage Association

Press Release Nov. 1, 2016 at 2:43 pm









        More 












WASHINGTON, D.C. – The American Beverage Association (ABA) today announced the election of Jeff Honickman, CEO of Pepsi-Cola & National Brand Beverages, Ltd, as Chair of its Board of Directors, as well as other officers and members to the Board.

Mr. Honickman, who previously served as Vice Chair, succeeds Rodger L. Collins, president of Packaged Beverages, Dr Pepper Snapple Group. The Board also elected Kirk Tyler, chairman for Atlantic Coca-Cola Bottling Company, as Vice Chair.
“I am honored to serve the ABA Board along with so many of our industry’s leaders,” Mr. Honickman said. “I look forward to the work we will continue to do together to advance solutions that fulfill our commitment to our consumers, customers and the communities we serve.”
“I have been proud to serve as chair of the ABA Board during a time when we have advanced our record of developing meaningful initiatives that impact the places where we live, work and play,” Mr. Collins said. “It is clear that ABA fills a very critical role in bringing our industry together, and I look forward to Jeff’s continued leadership.”
“We look forward to Jeff’s leadership as ABA Board Chair, along with the knowledge and experience that Kirk brings to the Executive Committee of the Board. We also thank Rodger for his leadership and commitment to ABA and our industry during his service as Board Chair,” Susan K. Neely, ABA president and CEO, said. “With the strong support and guidance of the ABA Board of Directors, our industry is able to present a unified voice on critical issues and achieve significant and meaningful results when working together.”
The American Beverage Association (ABA) also announced the election of five members to its Board of Directors. The members elected for a first term are: Stuart Kronauge, senior vice president for Brand USA Operation, The Coca-Cola Company; and Troy Taylor, chairman and CEO of Coca-Cola Beverages Florida, LLC. Those elected to serve for an additional term are: Albert “Al” P. Carey, chief executive officer, PepsiCo North America; Paul Finney, president and chief executive officer, Pepsi Bottling Ventures, LLC; and Claude B. Nielsen, chairman, Coca-Cola Bottling Company United, Inc.
Members of ABA’s Board of Directors serve a four-year term and participate in semi-annual meetings that help shape association programs, policies and initiatives. Officers are elected annually. There are 29 members on ABA’s Board.
 
 









 



Latest News









				Taste Radio Ep. 68: Talking Innovative Ventures and Investments with Owl’s Brew and 301INC			


 







				Earnings: Amazon Invests In Growth			


 







				Press Clips: Beverage Execs Ask for Aluminum Tariff Exception			


 

SPONSORED POST






				Video: Scott Uzzell Talks VEB’s Past 10 Years & Predicts Industry Future			


 

 







Marketplace










Custom Beverage Formulation and Consulting Serv...


 


 


Featured Jobs










Sales Manager (Triangle/Coast Region) - Wicked ...


 








Brewer wanted at Stony Creek Brewery - Stony Cr...


 








Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cap...


 








East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 


 


Additional News









							VMG Closes New $550M Fund						


 







							Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4M						


 







							WTRMLN WTR Facing Class Action Suit						


 







							Video: Bill Moses On Growing KeVita						


 








Beverage Industry Jobs



Shift Brewer  - Trumer Brewery, Berkeley CA
Head Brewer - Farnham Ale & Lager
Outside Sales Representative - GURU Organic Energy
Sales Manager (Triangle/Coast Region) - Wicked Weed Brewing






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Taste Radio Ep. 68: Talking Innovative Ventures and Investments with Owl’s Brew and 301INC
Amazon Invests In Growth; Whole Foods Posts Losses
Press Clips: Beverage Execs Ask for Aluminum Tariff Exception
VMG Closes New $550M Fund to Invest In Entrepreneurial Brands
Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4 Million in New Funding
WTRMLN WTR Targeted In Class Action Suit
Video: Bill Moses On Starting, Growing, Disrupting and Selling KeVita




Pure Leaf Launches Content Series
SHARK Energy Announces Plans for New Flavors
Sweettauk Lemonade Does Away with Sugar
Positive Energy Launches at Lucky Supermarkets
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Anheuser-Busch Adds New Foil Top Seal to Estrella Jalisco Cans
Evans Brewing to Release 3 New Bottle Offerings
Voodoo Brewing Company to Open New Taproom
The Hop Concept to Release Mosaic and Eureka IPA
Seaport Capital Acquires Keg Logistics
Ballast Point to Open Chicago Brewpub in 2018
Church Street Brewing Company to Release Heavenly Helles with New Label








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



 
 




















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.




