










 







Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Bing  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Maples Corporate Services Limited Ugland House 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY 1-1104Phone: (86-10) 8265 5898 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-08


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Yuan Bing 
 Director 


 None Hony Fund Viii Co Investment Vehicle Gp Limited 
 Promoter 


 Cao Yonggang 
 Director 


 John Huan Zhao 
 Director 












Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:26 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Beijing Hony Future Investment Advisor Ltd. is a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in pre-IPO, growth capital, middle market, mature, M&A, PIPE, mezzanine, and buyout investments. It invests in privatization of state owned enterprises and private companies. The firm primarily invests in media, technology, infrastructure, construction materials, construction, machinery, pharmaceuticals, consumer goods, retail, financial services, biotechnology, biomedical, medical services, telecom, energy and resources, traditional media, modern agriculture, healthcare, industrial machinery, home for the aged, environment protection technology, food products, medical field, education, equi...
Beijing Hony Future Investment Advisor Ltd. is a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in pre-IPO, growth capital, middle market, mature, M&A, PIPE, mezzanine, and buyout investments. It invests in privatization of state owned enterprises and private companies. The firm primarily invests in media, technology, infrastructure, construction materials, construction, machinery, pharmaceuticals, consumer goods, retail, financial services, biotechnology, biomedical, medical services, telecom, energy and resources, traditional media, modern agriculture, healthcare, industrial machinery, home for the aged, environment protection technology, food products, medical field, education, equipment manufacturing, new energy, internet, new material, and entertainment sectors. For real estate sector, it seeks to invest in commercial land, cultural land, and tourism land. The firm prefers to invest in the China including Jiangsu province. Beijing Hony Future Investment Advisor Ltd. was founded in January 2003 and is based in Beijing, China and has an additional office in Central, Hong Kong and Shanghai, China.
Detailed Description


6th floor South Tower CRaycom InfoTech Park No. 2Ke Xue Yuan Nan LuHaidian DistrictBeijing,  100190ChinaFounded in 2003



Phone: 86 10 8265 5888

Fax: 86 10 8265 5800

www.honycapital.com







Key Executives for Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd.




Mr. Ling Huan Zhao


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director, President, Chairman, and Director
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Chuanzhi Liu


      	Chairman
      


Age: 73
        







Ms. Lijie Wang


      	Managing Director
      








Dr. Shunlong Wang Ph.D.


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 53
        







Ms. Xihong Deng


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 53
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Key Developments

Hony Capital Seeks Acquisitions Abroad
Jun 28 17
Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd. is seeking acquisitions. Hony’s founder John Zhao told Reuters in February, 2017, that the private equity firm would continue to scout for acquisition targets abroad – including in the United States – to further its expansion, while looking for investment targets closer to home.


Santos Mulls Acquisitions
Jun 28 17
Santos Limited (ASX:STO) has struck a strategic investment deal with shareholders ENN Energy Holdings Limited (SEHK:2688) and Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd.  The other gifts offered by ENN and Hony include due consideration and support for any future equity raisings, a similar commitment to investigate all opportunities for co-investment with Santos in upstream asset acquisitions and expansion opportunities and the potential to join ENN in gas investment and marketing opportunities in China.


Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Presents at HKVCA China Private Equity Summit 2017, May-26-2017
May 23 17
Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Presents at HKVCA China Private Equity Summit 2017, May-26-2017 . Venue: N101, Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre, Hong Kong. Speakers: LIN Tun, Managing Director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 5V Inc. Asia 86Research Limited Asia Aerospace Securities Co., Ltd. Asia AHCOF Futures Co., Ltd. Asia ALC Advisors, Inc. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      July 27, 2017
			    
WeWork China



Private Placement

			      July 5, 2017
			    
Beijing Sanding Network Technology Co., Ltd.



Private Placement

			      May 29, 2017
			    
Beijing Qianqiusui Culture Communication Co., Ltd.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hony Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd., please visit www.honycapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Hony Capital hits $1.25b mark on Greater China fund

































































































































                            GO
                        






Anonymous Tip


Login




Anonymous



Logout


















 
 







Home
Singapore
Indonesia
Philippines
Myanmar
Thailand
Vietnam
Malaysia
India
China | HK
International



 
 
 









Hony Capital hits $1.25b mark on new Greater China-focused fund

























 





Shiwen Yap 




                    January 22, 2016                

Chinese private equity firm Hony Capital has reached a first close of US$1 billion on its new Greater China-focused fund, and has raised and additional $250 million towards a second close for of this vehicle, a report sad.
The Asian Venture Capital Journal (AVCJ), said Hony Capital Fund VIII, which had hit the first close, had a target of $2 billion for the core corpus, citing sources familiar with the situation. The report also added that this vehicle had achieved its first close a few months ago.
The fund is expected to focus on Greater China – mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan –  with 50 per cent of the corpus deployed in Chinese state-owned enterprises (SOEs) that require restructuring to function across private and public markets. It will also focus on investing in private firms undergoing restructuring, transformation, or are encountering financial distress.
Comprising a US dollar-denominated and renminbi-denominated capital pool – each with a target of $1 billion – the funds will be invested in the same assets. Additionally, a $600 million co-investment side vehicle is being raised by the general partner (GP), which will enabled limited partners (LPs) to participate in cross-border transactions outside of China.
Also Read: China’s Principle Capital may land $30m IFC investment for its new $350m PE fund
China set to develop its own digital currency
This is due to past restrictions on foreign investment in specific sectors and currency convertibility issues, which resulted in funds operated by the same manager investing in different deals. Tony Capital is aiming to pioneer a more equitable structure, as well as leverage new reform policies announced April 2015. This saw the lifting of restrictions on foreign investment and position Hong Kong and Macau as economic gateways.
The reforms, part of a wave of economic deregulation, are focused on Shenzhen’s Qianhai Special Economic Zone, which is part of a larger industrial reconfiguration of Guangdong, as well as reforms impacting the Shanghai Free Trade Zone which saw expansion in early 2015. Both zones are are qualitatively different.
The Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone (Qianhai) was specifically established to serve as an experimental business zone for developing and enhancing interaction between mainland China and Hong Kong in the financial, logistics, and IT services sectors. The latest tax policies will likely see enhancement and further opening of the region to foreign investment and ventures.
Hony closed its fifth US dollar fund at $2.36 billion and secured RMB10 billion ($1.6 billion) for its second renminbi fund in 2012, with their corpus twice the capitalisation of preceding funds. Again, according to AVCJ report, as of September 2015, the fifth US dollar fund has committed $2.16 billion across 18 corporations, with an IRR was recorded at 30 per cent in June 2015.
Also Read: China: German industrial group Evonik invests in VC firm, BCVC commits to $60m Series A investment in Acfun
Chinese deals firm Meituan-Dianping raises $3.3b in largest VC round in internet startups
Alibaba to pay $1.25b for controlling stake in Ele.me, deal values Chinese food startup at $4.5b
 
 

 





Just-In
Trending









India Dealbook: Sun Pharma ups stake in Zenotech; Wilmar to back Renuka Sugars






HNA said to seek more banks for delayed Singapore trust IPO






Baidu posts high returns on AI push; Amazon profit slumps as sales surge






India: RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group buys Gujarat-based Apricot Foods for $68m






China’s Sanyuan Foods, Fosun to buy France’s St Hubert for $733m


 
 
 





Indonesia: Traveloka raises $500m from Expedia, East Ventures, JD, others




Exclusive: Foxconn-backed mobile internet player MoMagic to expand in SE Asia




India Digest: Capital eyes InterGlobe pie; Blackstone buys mall; Deccan Gold stake sale




Singapore: Temasek-backed K1 Ventures exits Guggenheim Capital in $221m sale




Temasek, Emerson Collective lead $40m Series B in US virtual reality startup Within


 
 
 










 

 























































 
 













About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Careers
Press Releases












© DealStreetAsia 2014 - 2016













×





Daily Brief Signup





About DEALSTREETASIA™





Meet the team





Close














Sign In to Continue Reading DealStreetAsia For Free




 Sign in with LinkedIn
 Sign in with Google
 Sign in with Twitter
 Sign in with Facebook







Email address



Password



Sign In

Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Sign up here




Email address



Password



Confirm Password




 Sign me up for the Daily Deals Newsletter
                    

Register

Already have an account? Sign in here





We will never share your information with third parties.


 
 
 
 





HONY Associates, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











HONY Associates, LLC
List of persons related to the company HONY Associates, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of HONY Associates, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001539390IRS Number: 453980407Company address: 620 ERIE BOULEVARD WEST SUITE 100 SYRACUSE 13204Phone number: 315-701-1600



People related to HONY Associates, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAlberts  Edward620 Erie Boulevard West Suite 100SyracuseNYMorrisseau  PierreBailey, Haskell & LaLonde 5232 Witz DriveNorth SyracuseNYWilliam Hurlbut  Robert740 East Avenue RochesterNY




HONY Associates, LLC on the Web
Related companiesHony Capital Fund V, L.P., Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle, L.P.












 








HONY Associates, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











HONY Associates, LLC  Funding details


HONY Associates, LLC Industry: InsuranceCIK Number: 0001539390IRS Number: 453980407Address: 620 ERIE BOULEVARD WEST SUITE 100 SYRACUSE 13204Phone number: 315-701-1600



Latest news
HONY Associates, LLC raised $4,000 from 4 investors on 2012-01-12.



HONY Associates, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2012-01-12New Form D$20,000$4,000$16,000$1,000406[SEC Filing]
HONY Associates, LLC raised $4,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of HONY Associates, LLC
Key People in HONY Associates, LLC:

Robert HurlbutPierre MorrisseauEdward Alberts
Similar companiesHony Capital Fund V, L.P., Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle, L.P.








Last visited companies: NETWORK 1 FINANCIAL GROUP, INC., NGM BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC, NUFORCE INC, Nelson Energy Partners 2011-A, L.P., Nomad TV, Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Huan Zhao  John - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Huan Zhao  John
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Huan Zhao  John. Find out Huan Zhao  John address and contact details. View other people related to Huan Zhao  John - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

Rm 1703, 7 Bldg., Xin Ke Xiang Yuan Park Ke Xue Yuan Nanlu/Haid'nDist Beijing 100080 China




Companies related to Huan Zhao  John
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001689599Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle, L.P.MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104




Huan Zhao  John on the Web
Persons related to Huan Zhao  John - Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle, L.P.NamePositionCityYonggang  CaoBeijingZhao  JohnBeijingNone  Hony Fund VIII Co-Investment Vehicle GP LimitedGrand CaymanBing  YuanHong Kong




Other people with surname ZhaoZhao  Yanping, Zhao  Ji, Zhao  Elaine, Zhao  Ying, Zhao  Aigen, Zhao  Xiangti, Zhao  David, Zhao  Weigang, Zhao  Xin, Zhao  Guang, Zhao  Chun, Zhao  Henry, Zhao  Jifeng, Zhao  Yi, Zhao  Maohua, ZHAO  CHENNING, Zhao  Zhengxing, Zhao  Yan, (DAVID) ZHAO  YONGSEN, Zhao  Jason, Zhao  Bing, Zhao  Tong, Zhao  Nan, Zhao  Weiguo, Zhao  Chao, Zhao  Elaine, Zhao  Yao, ZHAO  YAO, Zhao  Lillian, Zhao  Michael, ZHAO  YAO, Zhao  Wenzhen, ZHAO  CHENNING, ZHAO  TIEMIN, ZHAO  YANG, Zhao  Yipeng, Zhao  Hong, Zhao  Yipeng, Zhao  Michael, Zhao  Christine, Zhao  Fuyao, Zhao  Qi, Zhao  Dongyu








 










Private Equity in Asia - Experience | Capabilities - Landing | Capabilities | Debevoise & Plimpton LLP




















































Capabilities


Professionals


Experience


Insights & Publications


News


Careers




About Us


Contact Us


Alumni




Search

© 2017 Debevoise & Plimpton LLP



Private Equity in Asia

Fact Sheet


Fact Sheet


Description


Experience


Professionals


Insights & News









Experience


Private Equity Transactions

HarbourVest Partners in its participation as a co-investor in the $930 million acquisition by Pacific Equity Partners and The Carlyle Group of iNova Pharmaceuticals.
Capital Group in a follow-on investment in Go-Jek, an Indonesian hyperlocal transport, logistics and payments startup that operates a leading online delivery and ride-hailing platform in Southeast Asia.
NYSE-listed Dover Corporation in its buyout of its Chinese partner’s equity interests in Tokheim Hengshan Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
Hony Capital in its follow-on investments in WeWork Companies and the formation of the Greater China operations of WeWork Companies.
Capital Group in its acquisition of an equity stake in Intas Pharmaceuticals, one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in India from ChrysCapital, an India-focused private equity firm.
Hony Capital in its investment in Nasdaq-listed FibroGen, a U.S.-based biopharmaceutical company.
Ally Bridge in its PIPEs transaction with Sorrento Therapeutics.
Goldman Sachs Principal Investment Area in an investment in Yixia Tech Co. Ltd., a video streaming and sharing platform in China.
D.E. Shaw in the restructuring of Kaisa, a Hong Kong-listed PRC property developer.
Hony Capital in its investment in WeWork Companies, which valued the company at approximately $16 billion.
Capital International in its approximately $200 million acquisition of a minority stake in Mankind Pharma, an Indian pharmaceutical company.
Russia China Investment Fund in its investment in TutorGroup.
Clearwater Capital Partners in the establishment of an Indian credit platform, and the collective co-investment by Clearwater Capital Partners and two other large global investors. 
Nereus Capital in its joint venture with Hareon Solar and Treasury Group to invest in solar projects in India.
AIF Capital as a selling shareholder in the sale of certain female health care businesses of Famy Care, the world’s largest producer of oral contraceptive pills, to Mylan.
Credit Suisse in the sale of its Asian PE Portfolio to HarbourVest and Asia Growth Capital.
FLAG Capital Management in its acquisition of Squadron Capital, a Hong Kong-based private equity investment firm.
EIG Global Energy Partners in its sale of a minority interest to a sovereign wealth fund.
HarbourVest Partners in connection with various co-investment transactions in the healthcare and specialty foods sectors in Australia.
Alibaba in its sale of a $1.6 billion stake to a consortium of investors including Silver Lake Technology Management, Digital Sky Technologies, Temasek Holdings and Yunfeng Capital.
Asia Mezzanine Capital in its investment in SFO Technologies Private Limited of India, an IT design and manufacturing services provider to leading original equipment manufacturers worldwide.
Prudential Financial in its strategic cooperation with Fosun Group, China’s leading investment company.
Headland Capital Partners, the former Asian arm of HSBC Private Equity, in its spin-off from HSBC.
HarbourVest Partners and Paul Capital Advisors, as part of a consortium providing equity financing for the formation of NewQuest Asia Fund and its acquisition of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's non-real estate private equity portfolio in Asia.
Providence Equity Partners in its investment in Aditya Birla Telecom, an Indian wireless communications company.
HarbourVest Partners in its co-investment with Champ Ventures in Sea Swift Pty.
One Equity Partners, the principal investment arm of JPMorgan, in its spin-out and related primary and secondary transactional matters.



Private Equity Funds

VIG Partners International Fund III, a $600 million fund targeting investment in Korea.
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund VI, a $4 billion private equity fund, and at the time of final close the largest private equity fund ever raised by an Asia-based manager.
CDH Fund V, L.P., a $2.6 billion growth capital fund focused on investments in China. 
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund V, a $2.5 billion Asia growth capital fund.
Hony Capital in the formation of Hony Capital Fund V, a $2.4 billion China growth capital fund.
Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia IV, a $1.7 billion Asia buyout fund.
CDH China Fund III, a $1.6 billion China growth capital fund.
HSBC Private Equity Fund 6, a $1.5 billion Asia growth capital fund.
CDH Fund IV, a $1.5 billion China growth capital fund.
Hony Capital Fund 2008, a $1.4 billion China growth capital fund.
Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia III, a $1.4 billion Asia buyout fund.
SAIF Partners IV, a $1.28 billion Asia and India growth capital fund.
Navis Asia Fund VI, a $1.2 billion Asia buyout fund.
Navis Asia Fund V, a $1 billion Asia buyout fund.
Hony Capital Fund III, a $580 million China growth capital fund.
China Harvest Fund II, a $576 million Asia growth capital fund.
Baring India Private Equity Fund III, a $562 million India and South Asia growth capital fund.
CDH Venture Partners II, a $505 million China venture fund.
Southern Capital Fund III, a $408 million Asia buyout fund.
Mulberry Asia Fund II, a $291 million Asia buyout fund.
CDH Venture Partners I, a $210 million China venture fund.
Carlyle Beijing Partners Fund, L.P., a ¥2.6 billion China buyout and growth capital fund.
Hangzhou Riverbank Equity Investment Partnership, a ¥1.7 billion China buyout and growth capital fund.
Fosun-Carlyle (Shanghai) Equity Investment Fund L.P., $100 million China buyout/growth capital fund.










Subscribe


Site Map


Legal


Privacy


UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement


Visitor Login


Debevoise Login


Login Help


Debevoise Women's Review












Funds/Investment Management in Asia - Experience | Capabilities - Landing | Capabilities | Debevoise & Plimpton LLP




















































Capabilities


Professionals


Experience


Insights & Publications


News


Careers




About Us


Contact Us


Alumni




Search

© 2017 Debevoise & Plimpton LLP



Funds/Investment Management in Asia

Fact Sheet


Fact Sheet


Description


Experience


Professionals


Insights & News









Experience


Fund Formation

VIG Partners International Fund III, a $600 million fund targeting investment in Korea.
Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia IV, a $1.7 billion Asia buyout fund.
CDH Venture Partners III, a $106 million fund for venture capital investment in China.
One Rock Capital Partners, a $436 million U.S. buyout fund.
CDH Fund V, a $2.6 billion China growth capital fund. 
Southern Capital Fund III, a $408 million Asia buyout fund.
EIG Global Energy Partners in the formation of various funds and accounts in the energy and energy-related infrastructure sector, including EIG Energy Fund XVI, a $6 billion global fund.
Fosun-Carlyle (Shanghai) Equity Investment Fund L.P., $100 million China buyout/growth capital fund.
AIF Capital Asia IV, a $313 million Asia and India buyout and growth capital fund.
Clearwater Capital Partners IV, a $373 million Asia distressed debt fund.
Capital International Private Equity Fund VI, a $3 billion global emerging markets fund.
Themes Investment Partners II, a $202 million China buyout and growth capital fund.
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund V, a $2.5 billion Asia growth capital fund.
Hony Capital Fund VIII, a $2.2 billion China buyout fund.
CDH Fund IV, a $1.5 billion China growth capital fund.
SAIF Partners IV, a $1.28 billion Asia and India growth capital fund.
Leon Capital Fund I, a $160 million Asia Pacific buyout fund.
China Harvest Fund II, a $576 million Asia growth capital fund.
Mulberry Asia Fund II, a $291 million Asia buyout fund.
Tripod Capital China Fund II, a $263 million Asia Pacific buyout fund.
Carlyle Asia Growth Partners IV, a $1 billion Asia growth capital fund.
Red River Holding, a $276 million Vietnam-focused buyout fund.
The Central Asian Prosperity Fund, a $500 million Central Asia fund.
Unitech International Realty Fund, a $338 million India real estate fund.
Clearwater Capital Partners III (Annex), a $92 million Asia distressed debt fund.
Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia III, a $1.4 billion Asia buyout fund.
CDH Venture Partners II, a $505 million China venture fund.
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund IV, a $1.5 billion Asia growth capital fund.
Hony Capital Fund 2008, a $1.4 billion China growth capital fund.
Baring Private Equity Partners India Limited in its formation of the US$562 million Baring India Private Equity Fund III Limited.
Orchid Asia IV, a $420 million Asia growth capital fund.
Navis Asia Fund V, a $1 billion Asia buyout fund.
CDH China Growth Capital Fund II, a $310 million China growth capital fund.
CDH China Fund III, a $1.6 billion China growth capital fund.
Hony Capital Fund III, a $580 million China growth capital fund.
Emerald Hill Capital Partners I, a $200 million Asia fund of funds.
SAIF Partners III, a $1.1 billion Asia and India growth capital fund.
China Spring Fund, a $119 million China growth capital fund.
India Asset Recovery Fund, a $300 million India distressed opportunities fund.
China New Enterprise Fund, a $100 million China growth capital fund.
AIF Capital Asia III, a $435 million Asia and India buyout and growth capital fund.
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund III, a $490 million Asia growth capital fund. 
Lotus China Fund, a $96 million China venture fund.
Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia Fund, a $500 million Asia buyout fund.
SAIF Partners II, a $643 million Asia and India growth capital fund.
 Global Star Korea Fund, a $91 million Korea growth capital fund.
SUN-Apollo Ventures Limited in its formation of the $630 million SUN-Apollo India Real Estate Fund LLC.
NIF-PAMA Japan Private Equity Fund, a $155 million Japan growth capital fund.
Wireless Frontiers Fund, an $80 million Europe venture fund.
Vesta Capital Partners I, a $30 million Europe venture fund.
CMG China Investment Fund, a $100 million China buyout fund.
The Carlyle Group in its formation of the Carlyle Beijing Partners Fund.



Investment Management

Quilvest in its structuring of a separate account with a sovereign wealth fund.
Hangzhou Riverbank Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), a private equity fund denominated in RMB and sponsored by Morgan Stanley.
HarbourVest Partners in its co-investment with Champ Ventures in Sea Swift Pty.
FLAG Capital Management in its acquisition of Squadron Capital, a Hong Kong-based private equity investment firm.
A sovereign wealth fund in its investment in a real estate development partnership with Goodman Japan Limited. 
Polyus Gold International in the $635.5 million sale of its shares to Chengdong Investment Corporation and JSC VTB Bank.
HarbourVest Partners in its investment in ChrysCapital VI.
EIG Global Energy Partners in its sale of a minority interest to a sovereign wealth fund.
Asia Mezzanine Capital in its investment in SFO Technologies Private Limited of India, an IT design and manufacturing services provider to leading original equipment manufacturers worldwide.
Hony Capital Fund V in the $150 million 364-day revolving credit facility provided by Citibank to Hony Capital Fund V to finance its investments going forward and to bridge investor calls for investments.
Alibaba in its sale of a $1.6 billion stake to a consortium of investors including Silver Lake Technology Management, Digital Sky Technologies, Temasek Holdings and Yunfeng Capital.
A consortium of investors in backing the newly-formed NewQuest Capital Partners’ buyout of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Asian private-equity assets, which consist of more than 20 stakes--both majority and minority interests--in Chinese and Indian companies focused on domestic economies.
Actis Private Equity and HarbourVest Partners in their $125 million investment in Super-Max, the world's second-largest razor blade manufacturer.
D. E. Shaw in its joint venture with Reliance Industries to create a broad financial services and investment business in the Indian markets.
Prudential Financial in its strategic cooperation with Fosun Group, China’s leading investment company.
International Finance, JAFCO Asia Technology Fund II and the Greater China Trust as selling shareholders in HiSoft Technology International's $74 million initial public offering of American Depositary Shares.
Baring Private Equity Partners Asia in its investment in Coastal Projects Private Limited.
Sun Group with its co-sponsorship in Westbridge Ventures II, a $200 million private fund investing primarily in technology opportunities in India.
An international asset management firm in the enforcement of arbitral awards and judgments against sovereign debt of North Korea.
Baring Private Equity Asia in its $360 million acquisition of Nord Anglia Plc.
Providence Equity Partners in its investment in Aditya Birla Telecom, an Indian wireless communications company.
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and Temasek Holdings in the financial backing of FountainVest China Growth Fund, L.P., a private equity fund that invests in China.
Merrill Lynch Asia in its investment in Religare Enterprises, an integrated financial services company in India.
MBK Partners in its deferred payment mechanism to StarTV.
MBK Partners in the financing for its acquisition of China Network Systems, a Taiwanese cable company.
Mitsui in the formation of a strategic relationship with GE Capital, including a $200 million investment in private equity-sponsored loans.
HarbourVest Partners and Paul Capital Advisors, as part of a consortium providing equity financing for the formation of NewQuest Asia Fund and its acquisition of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's non-real estate private equity portfolio in Asia.
CDH Investments in its investment in Air Media China, a company that operates a TV-based air transit media network and other media and advertising-based air transit businesses.
CLSA Capital Partners in its investment in a company with refractory and monolithic operations in India and China.
Elliott Advisors in its purchase of notes issued by Vogo Investment, a private equity fund based in South Korea, relating to Vogo's investment in preferred convertible shares issued by Tong Yang Life.
The Capital Group in its investment in China Digital TV Technology Co. Ltd., a leading provider of conditional access systems in China.
JAFCO Asia and Investor AB in an investment in Beijing GolferPASS Golfing Service Technology Co., Ltd., a Chinese company that provides reservations and other golfing related services, and sells golf-related products.
Clearwater Capital Partners in its $402 million purchase, with Ashmore Investment Management, General Enterprise Management Services and Spinnaker Capital Group, of Asia Netcom assets from China Netcom.
The Capital Group in its investment in Manipal Universal Learning Private Limited, an Indian company that operates universities and educational campuses throughout India and in Nepal.
American International Group in its NT $6 billion acquisition of Central Insurance Co., an insurance company based in Taiwan.
Prudential in its purchase, as part of a consortium with The Carlyle Group, of 25% of China Pacific Life Insurance, in conjunction with a matching investment by controlling shareholder China Pacific Insurance (Group).
Ostara Capital Management in its carry plan for Credit Suisse First Boston related to its interest in China Harvest Fund.
China Renaissance Capital Investment in its venture capital joint venture with Credit Suisse First Boston through the sale of an interest in itself to Credit Suisse First Boston (Cayman) Management, a wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Suisse First Boston.
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Ceyuan Ventures in their investment in Venusense Holdings, one of China’s leading network security software companies.
The Capital Group in their acquisition, together with ICICI Ventures, of an interest in Deccan Aviation Limited.
Capital International in its pre-IPO investment in Focus Media, a leading out-of-home advertising company in China.
Capital International in its investment in Pacific Textiles Holdings, a leading textile manufacturing company.
Capital International in the sale of a block of shares representing 7% of the issued share capital of Harbin Brewery Group, one of the largest beer companies in China, to a wholly owned subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch Companies, as a part of China’s first hostile takeover battle.
The Capital Group and Nomura International in their investment in LG Card.
The Korea Fund in its $149 million offering of common stock.
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund IV in the $175 million 364-day revolving credit facility provided by Deutsche Bank, Singapore Branch to The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund IV to finance its investments going forward and to bridge investor calls for investments.
The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund V, L.P. in the US$175 million 364-day revolving credit facility provided by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch to The Baring Asia Private Equity Fund V, L.P to finance its investments going forward and to bridge investor calls for investments.
Credit Suisse in the sale of its Asian PE Portfolio to HarbourVest and Asia Growth Capital.










Subscribe


Site Map


Legal


Privacy


UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement


Visitor Login


Debevoise Login


Login Help


Debevoise Women's Review








