

Sheila Hooda: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:26 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sheila   Hooda  Director, Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships59$13,149
Background

		Ms. Sheila Hooda founded Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer and President. Ms. Hooda focuses on strategy and long-term planning. She served as Global Head of Strategy and Business Development in the Investors Segment of Thomson Reuters' Financial and Risk business group. Ms. Hooda served as a Senior Managing Director and Head of Strategy at Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association College Retirement Equities Fund (TIAA). She leads ... efforts to add or boost products and services that offer clients through mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures. Ms. Hooda served as a Managing Director of Investment Banking Division at Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. She had worked for the Credit Suisse Group unit since 1998. Ms. Hooda had worked various jobs at McKinsey & Co. and Bankers Trust Co., which Deutsche Bank AG bought in 1999. She served various roles at Andersen Consulting. She served with Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation. She began her career at American Express Bank in India. She has been a Director of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. since December 12, 2016. She serves as Director of Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company. She has been recognized by the National Association of Corporate Directors as a Board Leadership Fellow. She has a Bachelor of Science degree with Math Honors from the University of Pune and completed the Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) from Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad and earned a Master of Business Administration from the University Of Chicago Booth School Of Business.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
100 Pearl StreetHartford, Connecticut 06103United StatesPhone: 800-248-7971Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Member of the Board of Directors, Member of Investment Committee, and Member of Risk CommitteeMutual of Omaha Insurance Company2016-PresentDirectorVirtus Investment Partners, Inc.
Education
Postgraduate Diploma Indian Institute of Management, AhmedabadBS University of PuneMBA The University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Other Affiliations
Mutual of Omaha Insurance CompanyDeutsche Bank Trust CorporationTeachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America - College Retirement Equities FundIndian Institute of Management, AhmedabadUniversity of PuneCredit Suisse Securities (USA) LLCThe University of Chicago Booth School of Business


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$13,149Total Calculated Compensation$13,149




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMario Joseph Gabelli CFAChairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Value PortfoliosGAMCO Investors, Inc.--Christopher M. Bingaman CFACEO, President, Portfolio Manager and President of Diamond Hill Capital Management IncDiamond Hill Investment Group, Inc.$900.0KBrian O'Connor Casey CFPChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorWestwood Holdings Group, Inc.$650.0KRichard Stanton Pzena Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment OfficerPzena Investment Management, Inc$881.0KDouglas Richard Jamieson Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorAssociated Capital Group, Inc.$400.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Virtus Investment Partners, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























VRTS Sheila Hooda Insider Trades for Virtus Investment Partners Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Virtus Investment Partners Inc.

                  NASDAQ: VRTS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Virtus Investment Partners Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


VRTS

/quotes/zigman/112943/composite


$
113.30




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 3,242
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/112943/composite
Previous close

$
			116.10
		


$
				113.30
			
Change

-2.80
-2.41%





Day low
Day high
$111.20
$116.35










52 week low
52 week high

            $81.77
        

            $128.10
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Sheila Hooda



Ms. Sheila Hooda is on the Board of Directors at Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. and Mutual of Omaha Insurance Co.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/19/2017
928


 
Award at $103.7 per share.


96,233





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. George Robert Aylward 
President, CEO & Class III Director




Mr. Michael A. Angerthal 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP




Mr. Barry M. Mandinach 
Executive Vice President & Head-Distribution




Mr. John  McCormack 
Director-Eastern Region




Mr. William Patrick Bradley 
Senior Vice President-Fund Services




Mr. Francis G. Waltman 
Executive Vice President-Product Management




Ms. Sheila  Hooda 
Director




Ms. Jeanne  Hess 
Investor Relations Contact




Mr. Joseph  Fazzino 
Media Relations Contact




Ms. Mardelle W. Peña 
Executive Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Mark S. Flynn 
Secretary, EVP & General Counsel




Mr. Mark C. Treanor 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Steve T. Zarrilli 
Independent Non-Employee Class I Director




Ms. Melody L. Jones 
Independent Non-Employee Class I Director




Dr. Susan S. Fleming 
Independent Non-Employee Class II Director




Mr. Timothy Arthur Holt 
Independent Non-Employee Class I Director




Mr. James R. Baio 
Independent Non-Employee Class II Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:26 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15








































































Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board | NACD About Us














Contact
Blog
Login
Chapters









Membership


Why Join?


Membership Value


Membership Benefits


Meet Our Members


What Our Members Say


How to Join



Research


How to Use Our Research


Board Insights Portal


Board Resource Centers


Emerging Issues


NACD Blog


Blue Ribbon Commission Reports


Public Company Governance Survey


BoardVision Expert Interviews



Events


All Programs


Calendar of Events


NACD Fellowship


Director Education Transcript


Director Education Framework


Global Board Leaders' Summit



Services


Overview


Ask Your Membership Advisor


Board Evaluations


In-Boardroom Custom Programs


Benchmarking


Board Recruitment Services


Directors Registry


Partner Services Directory



Magazine


Directorship Magazine


Current Issue


Archive


Contributor Guidelines



About Us


Overview


News Room


Corporate Governance


Contact Us






Overview
News Room

Press Releases

NACD in the News


Corporate Governance
Contact Us






Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board


December 12, 2016
NACD in the News
PR Newswire









HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ: VRTS), which operates a multi-manager asset management business, today announced that Sheila Hooda, founder, chief executive officer and president of Alpha Advisory Partners, has been appointed to the Virtus Board of Directors.
Hooda founded Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013 and has served as its CEO and president, focusing on strategy and long-term planning. The firm advises on strategic positioning, mergers and acquisitions, turnaround and transformation, customer-centricity and digital business models for companies in the financial and business services sectors.





"Sheila brings significant experience in the asset management industry from her senior roles in strategy and business development across a number of global organizations as well as her service on corporate boards," said George R. Aylward, Virtus' president and chief executive officer. "We welcome the opportunity to have her join our board and we look forward to benefiting from her experience and insights."
Prior to founding Alpha Advisory Partners, Hooda served most recently as the global head of strategy and business development in the Investors Segment of Thomson Reuters' Financial & Risk business group, and earlier as senior managing director in strategy, M&A and corporate development roles at TIAA, the retirement and asset management company. She previously was managing director, global equities in the Investment Banking Division at Credit Suisse Group, and prior to this held roles at Bankers Trust, Andersen Consulting and McKinsey & Co. She began her career at American Express Bank in India.
She serves on the board of directors of Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, where she is a member of the Investment Committee and the Risk Committee.
Hooda has a Bachelor of Science degree with Math honors from the University of Poona and completed the Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) at the Indian Institute of Management - Ahmedabad. She also earned a Master of Business Administration from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago. Hooda has been recognized by the National Association of Corporate Directors as a Board Leadership Fellow.
About Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
Virtus Investment Partners (NASDAQ: VRTS) is a distinctive partnership of boutique investment managers singularly committed to the long-term success of individual and institutional investors. The company provides investment management products and services through its affiliated managers and select subadvisers, each with a distinct investment style, autonomous investment process, and individual brand. Virtus Investment Partners offers access to a variety of investment styles across multiple disciplines to meet a wide array of investor needs. Its affiliated managers include Duff & Phelps Investment Management, Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, Newfleet Asset Management, Rampart Investment Management, and Virtus ETF Solutions. Additional information can be found at virtus.com.














Membership
|
Research
|
Events
|
Services
|
Magazine
|
About Us
National Association of Corporate Directors2001 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Suite 500Washington DC 20006Phone 202-775-0509 | Fax 202-775-4857
© 2017 National Association of Corporate Directors, All rights reserved.



Site Map
|


Privacy Policy
|


Terms of Use



















































 



 Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board 
         










    










 













 











 



















Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.  
Dec 12, 2016, 17:52 ET









 Share this article




























































HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:   VRTS), which operates a multi-manager asset management business, today announced that Sheila Hooda, founder, chief executive officer and president of Alpha Advisory Partners, has been appointed to the Virtus Board of Directors.








Hooda founded Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013 and has served as its CEO and president, focusing on strategy and long-term planning. The firm advises on strategic positioning, mergers and acquisitions, turnaround and transformation, customer-centricity and digital business models for companies in the financial and business services sectors.
"Sheila brings significant experience in the asset management industry from her senior roles in strategy and business development across a number of global organizations as well as her service on corporate boards," said George R. Aylward, Virtus' president and chief executive officer. "We welcome the opportunity to have her join our board and we look forward to benefiting from her experience and insights."
Prior to founding Alpha Advisory Partners, Hooda served most recently as the global head of strategy and business development in the Investors Segment of Thomson Reuters' Financial & Risk business group, and earlier as senior managing director in strategy, M&A and corporate development roles at TIAA, the retirement and asset management company. She previously was managing director, global equities in the Investment Banking Division at Credit Suisse Group, and prior to this held roles at Bankers Trust, Andersen Consulting and McKinsey & Co. She began her career at American Express Bank in India.
She serves on the board of directors of Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, where she is a member of the Investment Committee and the Risk Committee.
Hooda has a Bachelor of Science degree with Math honors from the University of Poona and completed the Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) at the Indian Institute of Management - Ahmedabad. She also earned a Master of Business Administration from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago. Hooda has been recognized by the National Association of Corporate Directors as a Board Leadership Fellow.
About Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
Virtus Investment Partners (NASDAQ:    VRTS) is a distinctive partnership of boutique investment managers singularly committed to the long-term success of individual and institutional investors. The company provides investment management products and services through its affiliated managers and select subadvisers, each with a distinct investment style, autonomous investment process, and individual brand. Virtus Investment Partners offers access to a variety of investment styles across multiple disciplines to meet a wide array of investor needs. Its affiliated managers include Duff & Phelps Investment Management, Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, Newfleet Asset Management, Rampart Investment Management, and Virtus ETF Solutions. Additional information can be found at virtus.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sheila-hooda-joins-virtus-investment-partners-board-300376827.html
SOURCE Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.virtus.com



 

















Dec 16, 2016, 09:15 ET
Preview: Virtus Investment Partners Announces Agreement to Acquire RidgeWorth Investments




















Dec 08, 2016, 09:15 ET
Preview: Virtus Investment Partners Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 28, 2017, 07:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Virtus Investment Partners Announces Financial Results for the...








 











Jul 24, 2017, 17:50 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Virtus Investment Partners To Announce Second Quarter 2017...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board


 News provided by
Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.  
Dec 12, 2016, 17:52 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





























Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board - Dec 12, 2016



























































Skip to main content.
























Search







Search





















Virtus Investment Partners














Investor Relations








IR Home


Stock Information


Corporate Governance


Reports & SEC Filings


Presentations


News


Request Information





News


Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board




HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ: VRTS), which operates a multi-manager asset management business, today announced that Sheila Hooda, founder, chief executive officer and president of Alpha Advisory Partners, has been appointed to the Virtus Board of Directors.
Hooda founded Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013 and has served as its CEO and president, focusing on strategy and long-term planning. The firm advises on strategic positioning, mergers and acquisitions, turnaround and transformation, customer-centricity and digital business models for companies in the financial and business services sectors.
"Sheila brings significant experience in the asset management industry from her senior roles in strategy and business development across a number of global organizations as well as her service on corporate boards," said George R. Aylward, Virtus' president and chief executive officer. "We welcome the opportunity to have her join our board and we look forward to benefiting from her experience and insights."
Prior to founding Alpha Advisory Partners, Hooda served most recently as the global head of strategy and business development in the Investors Segment of Thomson Reuters' Financial & Risk business group, and earlier as senior managing director in strategy, M&A and corporate development roles at TIAA, the retirement and asset management company. She previously was managing director, global equities in the Investment Banking Division at Credit Suisse Group, and prior to this held roles at Bankers Trust, Andersen Consulting and McKinsey & Co. She began her career at American Express Bank in India.
She serves on the board of directors of Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, where she is a member of the Investment Committee and the Risk Committee.
Hooda has a Bachelor of Science degree with Math honors from the University of Poona and completed the Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) at the Indian Institute of Management - Ahmedabad. She also earned a Master of Business Administration from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago. Hooda has been recognized by the National Association of Corporate Directors as a Board Leadership Fellow.
About Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
Virtus Investment Partners (NASDAQ: VRTS) is a distinctive partnership of boutique investment managers singularly committed to the long-term success of individual and institutional investors. The company provides investment management products and services through its affiliated managers and select subadvisers, each with a distinct investment style, autonomous investment process, and individual brand. Virtus Investment Partners offers access to a variety of investment styles across multiple disciplines to meet a wide array of investor needs. Its affiliated managers include Duff & Phelps Investment Management, Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, Newfleet Asset Management, Rampart Investment Management, and Virtus ETF Solutions. Additional information can be found at virtus.com.
 
 
SOURCE  Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.
For further information: Joe Fazzino, Media Relations, (860) 263-4725, joe.fazzino@virtus.com ; Jeanne Hess, Investor Relations, (860) 263-4730, jeanne.hess@virtus.com ; Ryan Gorman, Media Relations, (646) 747-7142, rgorman@kwittken.com


 





 



























































Virtus Investment Partners - Board of Directors

























































Skip to main content.
























Search







Search





















Virtus Investment Partners














Investor Relations








IR Home


Stock Information


Corporate Governance


Reports & SEC Filings


Presentations


News


Request Information







Board of Directors
Management Team
Governance Documents
Charters & Committee Composition


Board of Directors



George R. Aylward, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
George R. Aylward, Jr. is president and chief executive officer of Virtus Investment Partners. He has been president of the Virtus Investment Partners (formerly known as Phoenix Investment Partners) since November 6, 2006 and was senior executive vice president and president, Asset Management, of Virtus' former parent since February 2007. Previously, Mr. Aylward was senior vice president, Asset Management, at Phoenix from November 2006 to February 2007. Mr. Aylward also served as senior vice president and chief operating officer, Asset Management, at Phoenix from 2004 through 2006, and was chief of staff to Dona D. Young, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Phoenix, from 2002 through 2004. Mr. Aylward joined Phoenix in 1996 and served in several senior financial positions in its Asset Management business prior to 2002.



James R. Baio
James R. Baio was chief financial officer and executive vice president of Capmark Financial Group, Inc., a private equity portfolio company engaged in global real estate finance, from 2006 until his retirement in 2007. Prior to that, from 1989 to 2006, he held various positions at Franklin Resources, Inc., a global investment management organization known as Franklin Templeton Investments. He served as chief financial officer, treasurer and executive vice president; chief administrative officer, senior vice president and treasurer, Templeton Mutual Funds and Mutual Series Mutual Funds; and senior vice president and risk manager. Prior to that, he was senior manager, Audit and Tax, at Ernst & Young from 1977 to 1989.



Member

Audit


Member

Compensation



Susan S. Fleming, Ph.D.
Susan S. Fleming, Ph.D., is a consultant and executive educator. She began at Capital Z Financial Services as a principal in 1998, and was promoted to partner in 2001. It was at Capital Z where she founded the successor fund to Insurance Partners, valued at $1.85 billion. Prior to that, she was vice president at Insurance Partners Advisors, 92 LP, a private equity firm, from 1994 to 2003 and held various positions at Morgan Stanley & Co. from 1992 to 1994. Dr. Fleming has served as a member of the board of directors of Hanover Investors and its affiliated funds since 2006.



Member

Governance


Chair

Risk and Finance



Timothy A. Holt
Timothy A. Holt held various positions with Aetna, Inc. from 1977 until his retirement in 2008. He was senior vice president and chief investment officer from 1997 to 2008; chief enterprise risk officer from 2005 to 2007; senior vice president and chief financial officer of Aetna Retirement Services from 1996 to 1997; vice president of Portfolio Management Group from 1992 to 1995; vice president of Aetna Portfolio Management from 1991 to 1992; vice president, Finance and treasurer from 1989 to 1991; vice president of Public Bonds from 1987 to 1989; Property/Casualty portfolio manager from 1983 to 1987; investment officer from 1981 to 1982; and investment officer/analyst from 1977 to 1981.



Chair

Governance


Member

Risk and Finance



Sheila Hooda
Sheila Hooda is the founder, CEO and president of Alpha Advisory Partners, a company that advises on strategic positioning, mergers and acquisitions, turnaround and transformation, customer-centricity and digital business models for companies in the financial and business services sectors. Prior to founding Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013, she served as the global head of strategy and business development in the Financial & Risk business group at Thomson Reuters, and earlier as senior managing director in strategy, M&A and corporate development roles at TIAA. Ms. Hooda previously was managing director, global equities in the Investment Banking Division at Credit Suisse Group, and prior to this held roles at Bankers Trust, Andersen Consulting and McKinsey & Co. She began her career at American Express Bank in India. She serves on the board of Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company and is a member of its Investment and Risk committees.



Member

Audit


Member

Risk and Finance



Melody L. Jones
Melody L. Jones has been chief administrative officer of CEB, a global research and advisory company, since 2012 and manages the company’s global Product Development function and its human resources, information technology, legal, and communications functions. She joined CEB in 2005 as chief human resources officer after serving as global head of human resources at T. Rowe Price, an investment management firm, and earlier as chief human resources officer at Aon Corporation, an insurance brokerage and consulting company. Previously she was a senior consultant with Organizational Dynamics, Inc.; a member of the senior leadership team of HR Strategies, Inc.; and held leadership positions at Citicorp Mortgage.



Member

Audit


Chair

Compensation



Mark C. Treanor
Chairman
Mark C. Treanor is non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors. He served as senior executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of Wachovia Corporation from 2001 to August 2008, with responsibilities for legal, regulatory, corporate governance and government relations activities for all domestic and international businesses, including Evergreen Investments, Wachovia's asset management division which provides mutual funds, institutional portfolios, alternative investments and separately managed accounts to institutional and individual investors. Mr. Treanor was a member of Wachovia's Operating Committee, which was responsible for overall management of Wachovia. Previously, from 1999 until 2001, he held similar responsibilities as executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of First Union Corporation, Wachovia's predecessor, which he joined in 1998 after serving as president and senior partner of the law firm Treanor, Pope & Hughes, which he founded.



Member

Compensation


Member

Governance



Stephen T. Zarrilli
Stephen T. Zarrilli is president and chief executive officer of Safeguard Scientifics, a provider of growth capital to technology and healthcare companies, which he joined in 2006 as senior vice president, chief financial officer and chief administrative officer. He was named president and CEO in 2012. Previously he was the chairman and CEO of Penn Valley Group, a management advisory firm that he founded, and earlier was CFO at Fiberlink Communications Corp., a security software company; CEO of Concellera, a document management software company; and CEO of US Interactive Inc., a digital marketing firm. He began his career at Deloitte LLP.



Chair

Audit


Member

Risk and Finance


PrintEmail

 





 


































Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology











Powered by



        Sheila Hooda Joins Virtus Investment Partners Board    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Dec 12, 2016                         - PR Newswire                

          Board and Executive Moves      




�Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.(NASDAQ: VRTS), which operates a multi-manager asset management business, today announced that Sheila Hooda, founder, chief executive officer and president of Alpha Advisory Partners, has been appointed to the Virtus Board of Directors.Hooda founded Alpha Advisory Partners in 2013 and has served as its CEO and president, focusing on strategy and long-term planning. The firm advises on strategic positioning, mergers and acquisitions, turnaround and transf 




Sign up for unrestricted access to 200+ subscription services. 









                                    By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy,  and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions.
                                




                        Already have an account?  Click here to login.


RelSci News & Alerts gets you:

10 free articles a month from top subscription outlets like the Financial Times, New York Times, and Washington Post
Competitive business intelligence through daily data updates
Custom feeds on target high-value individuals, companies, industries, and topics delivered straight to your inbox







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Alpha African Advisory Limited







Private Equity & Venture Capital







Mergers and Acquisitions in Private Equity & Venture Capital







Alumni of Alpha African Advisory Limited




Create your own custom news feed 




Mentioned Entities




                          Alpha African Advisory Limited                      



                          George Aylward                      



                          Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.                      



                          Sheila Hooda                      



See how you can reach these people and organizations 










You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













