
















Sandra Horbach | The Carlyle Group














        Skip to main navigation
      










Search


























Team









 










 










Sandra Horbach

Location
New York, NY


Industry

Consumer & Retail



Business Segment

Corporate Private Equity



Asset Class

U.S. Buyout




Sandra Horbach is a Managing Director & Co-Head of US Buyouts at The Carlyle Group where she oversees Carlyle’s two largest private equity funds with approximately $40 billion in capital under management.  The Carlyle Group is a global alternative asset management firm with over $160 billion of assets under management. 
Ms. Horbach joined Carlyle in 2005 to launch the Consumer & Retail Group and has since led all of Carlyle's US consumer investments, including Acosta Sales & Marketing, Beats Electronics, CVC Brasil, Dunkin' Brands, Philosophy, The Nature’s Bounty Co. and Vogue.
Prior to joining Carlyle, Ms. Horbach was a General Partner with Forstmann Little & Co. Ms. Horbach earned her M.B.A. from Stanford University and her B.A. from Wellesley College.
Ms. Horbach currently serves as a director on the Boards of Acosta, Dunkin' Brands, Novolex and The Nature’s Bounty Co. She serves as Chair of Stanford’s Graduate School of Business Advisory Council and is a Trustee at Rockefeller University.










































Sandra Horbach to Join The Carlyle Group  | The Carlyle Group














        Skip to main navigation
      










Search


























News Release









 








Sun, 15 May 2005

2005-28
Sandra Horbach to Join The Carlyle Group 

Washington, DC - Global private equity firm The Carlyle Group today named Sandra J. Horbach Managing Director, Global Partner and Head of the Consumer/Retail sector group. Ms. Horbach, a former General Partner of Forstmann Little & Co., will join Carlyle in September 2005 and be based in New York City.Daniel F. Akerson, Managing Director and Co-head of the U.S. Buyout Group, said, "We are delighted that Sandra will join Carlyle. She has long been a leader in the private equity field, and I am confident that Sandra's talent and extensive experience will enable us to strengthen and expand our activities in the consumer and retail space."Ms. Horbach said, "I am very pleased to be joining such a highly-regarded firm as The Carlyle Group. Carlyle's financial resources and global reach will enable us to pursue the significant opportunities that exist in the Consumer/Retail sector. I look forward to working with the Carlyle team to build upon the firm's strong foundation and excellent market position."Ms. Horbach joined Forstmann Little & Co. as an Associate in 1987 and became a General Partner in 1993. At Forstmann Little, Ms. Horbach had leadership responsibilities in the acquisition, management and oversight of many of Forstmann Little's most successful investments, including Gulfstream Aerospace, Aldila, Department 56, Ziff-Davis Publishing, Community Health Systems, Yankee Candle and Citadel Broadcasting. Prior to joining Forstmann Little, Ms. Horbach worked for two years in the mergers and acquisition department of Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.Ms. Horbach serves on the board of directors of Citadel Broadcasting Corp. and Yankee Candle Company, Inc. She also serves on the Rockefeller University Board of Trustees, the Stanford Graduate School of Business Advisory Council and the Chapin School Board of Trustees.Ms. Horbach earned her M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and her B.A. from Wellesley College.# # #































Carlyle Sandra Horbach interview - Business Insider





































 





 




































































































Finance























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








We talked to one of the most senior women on Wall Street about big deals, investment mistakes, and career advice












Rachael Levy












Apr. 14, 2017,  8:52 AM



8,664




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





Carlyle's Sandra Horbach.CarlylePrivate equity has come a long way.
What is now a $2.5 trillion industry managing money on behalf of public pensions and the like started as a hodgepodge of so-called leveraged buyout firms, popularized in the 1980s. Some historians would quibble and say the industry's origins date back much further, though not in any stance like today.
Business Insider recently sat down with Sandra Horbach, the cohead of US buyouts at the $158 billion Carlyle Group, to get a sense of how the industry has changed.
Described as a trailblazer, Horbach is one of Carlyle's most senior women. She also represents a rarity in the industry; only 7% of senior positions in buyouts are held by women, according to the data tracker Preqin.
The buyout business typically involves buying up companies, often with borrowed money, and changing the companies to increase their value at a future point of sale. Those changes could include swapping out management and cutting business units or staff.
Horbach previously focused on consumer and retail investing. Her current group oversees those industries as well as tech, media and telecom, aerospace and defense, industrial and transportation, and healthcare.
Private equity is often grouped with hedge funds, as they use "alternative" investment strategies. While private equity invests directly in private companies, often changing them from within, hedge funds typically invest in companies through public markets, making investments in companies' stocks and bonds.
Multiple surveys have found that institutional investors and family offices plan to hand more money to private-equity investors, while pulling money from hedge funds.
We met at Carlyle's New York office, which features a sweeping view of Manhattan. What follows is a lightly edited transcript of the conversation.
Rachael Levy: How has the buyout game changed?
Sarah Horbach: I think the question is, how hasn't it changed? When I started in the business back in 1987, there were two firms with $1 billion in capital: KKR and Forstmann Little & Co. Thirty years later, there are thousands of firms with billions in capital. So we've grown significantly as an industry in a very short period of time.
When I started in the business, there were a handful of small firms, five, 10 individuals basically looking for great opportunities to invest. Very little amounts of equity, a lot of leverage. And a lot of returns were created through financial engineering. The returns that you could realize back then were significant. You could realize five times, 10 times your money because you were putting smaller amounts of equity into the entire capital structure. Today, most deals, because of the competition and the valuations being paid, you’re putting 40% to 50% in equity into most deals.
Assets in private equity have steadily grown.PreqinThe check size has obviously grown and the number of deals taking place have grown, but clearly the returns have come down. They're still more attractive than the returns you're seeing in any other asset category, but certainly they've come down from the early days when there was very little competition and an abundance of deals to do with a lot of leverage.
Levy: With interest rates going up, how does that affect the private-equity industry?
Horbach: Interest rates are still at very low levels. There's an abundance of capital and there are still very attractive low rates to be able to finance deals. The tougher situation is the abundance of capital chasing deals and the high valuations being paid in today's marketplace. Today we're seeing the average transaction north of 10 times EBITDA, and those are only continuing to increase.
Levy: How do you make sure you're not overpaying?
Horbach: We're looking for opportunities where we can have a differentiated approach to value creation. You're only going to see Carlyle invest in assets where we have sector expertise, so we're picking the right spots, and where we see we have a value-creation plan. That could be a cost-savings opportunity, bringing new management to the opportunity that could improve the way the business is run. We have to have a strategy as to how we will create value over the course of our investment. If we don't have that, you're unlikely to see us move forward on an investment opportunity.
Levy: Private equity seems to be healthier than hedge funds in a lot of ways in terms of fund-raising and performance.
PreqinHorbach: That is because of performance. Private equity as an industry outperformed every other index, hedge funds, public markets, etc. And if you look at the top-performing PE firms within that, the delta is even greater. So limited partners (investors) are voting with their dollars and allocating more capital to PE.
For public pensions, private equity has outperformed hedge funds.PreqinLevy: In the hedge fund industry, there is a lot of talk about closures, fee reductions. Do you see a lot of fund launches, or is it more that the bigger funds are continuing to grow?
Horbach: There are always a lot of funds coming to the market. The larger LPs (investors), the pensions and sovereign wealth funds, are really narrowing their focus and putting more dollars to work with their largest and highest-performing GPs (fund managers). There is a narrowing going on.
Levy: Do you have a theory on why PE performance has generally been better than hedge fund performance?
Horbach: I believe it's because we’re active managers and long-term investors. Our average investment horizon is five-plus years. Before we make an investment, we have a value-creation strategy that upon close we begin to execute upon. We're not passive investors, we're not in and out of companies, so we have the opportunity hold on to businesses even when the markets fluctuate. And be able to look at the long-term value creation. I think that has proven over time to be a very effective way to invest.
Levy: You have a lot of agency, too.
Horbach: We're on the board, we're helping with strategy, we're selecting the management team. We're making changes when we need to. We're very active managers compared to more passive on the hedge fund side. We're looking to build businesses and make them better than they were when we invested in them.
I always say we want our companies even after we've sold them to do really well — it shows we've added tremendous amount of value during our ownership. At the end of the day, it's about creating value.
Levy: Have there ever been investment mistakes that you've learned from?
Horbach: You can't be in our business for as long as I've been and not make mistakes. You learn a lot from your mistakes, and you hope not to repeat them in the future.
Levy: Could you give an example?
Horbach: We invested in a company called Oriental Trading, which was a very successful business that had grown for 30 years consecutively. It was a catalog and direct marketer of party supplies, celebratory products, and servicing schools, teachers, and families. We were very excited about the investment, and we partnered with a former owner of the company to continue to grow and build the business.
A view of Oriental Trading's website.ScreenshotThe investment was performing very well for the first couple of years. The company performed really well out of the box, but two years into the investment we hit the great recession, and, simultaneously, the US postal office increased postage rates for catalogs by 20%. So we had a massive increase in costs to the business at a time where we were entering a very negative economic environment. So we were unsuccessful in returning capital to our investors. We went through a restructuring. Today Warren Buffett owns the company. It's still a nice business, but it couldn't support the debt load we had put in place at the time of the acquisition, given both events were happening simultaneously.
Levy: Those two factors seem a bit unpredictable. One the crisis, two the post office.
Flickr/Noize PhotographyHorbach: You're right. They were incredibly unpredictable. But that's the lesson of the investment. You can't assume that a company, just because it's been very successful for 30 years, that it still can't be subject to tremendous shocks to the system. In those cases, you try to maintain the flexibility to weather through those storms. But in some cases, in our business, that's not possible. But it does humble you.
Levy: That's the only way you learn though, right? Through trial and error.
Horbach: Fortunately, we have more positive stories to talk about than those kinds of stories.
Levy: If you could talk to your 25-year-old self – I don't know if you were working in PE yet?
Horbach: No, I wasn't. I was in business school when I was 25.
Levy: So your business-school self. Think back, what career advice would you give to that person?
Horbach: I would advise myself to follow my passion and pursue areas I really loved as opposed to what I thought I should do or where I thought I was going to make a lot of money. I see a lot of young people going into private equity and I don't see the passion. They think it's the right thing to do because they look ahead and see people who have been successful. But those of us who started in the industry had no idea it was going to turn into the industry it's turned into.
Harvard Business School/FacebookWhen I joined Forstmann Little in 1987, right out of business school, it wasn't even an industry. We didn't call it private equity — it was leveraged buyouts. It was all about the love of finding great companies to work with and invest and help build. It wasn't about creating this mega industry that has since been created. It starts with the passion, and it's a lot of hard work, dedicating yourself to being the best you can be, and having a thick skin and not taking things personally, especially when you're young.
You know you're going in, you're the junior person and you have to prove yourself and you have to make yourself indispensable. You have to have a positive attitude and say to yourself, How can I make my boss' life better? What can I do to proactively and preemptively create value here in my organization? I think if you do all those things, more opportunities will be presented and you'll continue to grow and progress within the organization.
Levy: What's the best career advice you've ever received?
Horbach: I think the best advice I ever received was to really focus on relationships and to care about people that you work with and to never forget the human aspect of a deal because at the end of the day that's what really is going to drive success. It's the people who are running our companies that are really going to be the determinant of whether we have a successful outcome.
Levy: Do you remember who gave you that advice?
Horbach: My father. He was a real-estate developer.
Levy: Would you have advice specifically for women, if it would be different?
Horbach: It wouldn't be different in terms of follow your passion, work hard, all that I talked about. But I think women don't always put themselves in positions where they can be successful because they don't feel as though they are necessarily as qualified. There's a statistic that shows a man will apply or job if he's 50% qualified for the job whereas women won't apply until she's 100% qualified.
So I always tell women, raise your hand, volunteer for tough assignments, don't wait until you're 100% prepared to do anything. Jump into things and swim. Take chances. Women are often more risk-averse with their careers, so I encourage women to take chances and volunteer for tough assignments. Likely they'll do a great job and they'll be recognized and rewarded and hopefully promoted as a result of that.
Levy: More generally for the PE industry, are there any things the industry could do to attract more women?
Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesHorbach: We've made progress, but we still have a long way to go. I should speak about Carlyle. Diversity has to start at the top of the organization, and it does at Carlyle. We have programs in place to recruit women, and diverse talent across the board. We have an initiative where 50% of our new hires in the US are required to be diverse candidates. A lot of those are women.
We've achieved levels that I think are unprecedented in any other PE firm. For principals and managing directors, 22% are women. I'd like to see it be 50%, and maybe it someday will be, but it's a lot better than the industry for sure. We've come a long way in the past 10 years. It's a commitment from the top, it's outreach, it's recruiting. We do a lot of initial spadework before we start recruiting women. We go to business schools and to investment banks and talk about what the career is like at a place like Carlyle and how you can be successful as a woman here.
And as a result, we've had tremendous success in recruiting women. Last year, in our incoming analyst class, 64% were diverse, and I want to say about 50% of that were women. We had a 96% acceptance rate.
They're seeing role models for women who are successful in the firm. So that helps attract — they're seeing the commitment we have to providing that. I think all of those things make a difference in our ability to recruit.
I hear a lot of other firms say we want to find the women but we can't find them. But we find them. And they're out there and they're very talented.

NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by some of the most powerful men in finance








            More:

                                                        Private Equity
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























We talked to one of the most senior women on Wall Street about big deals, investment mistakes, and career advice
We talked to one of the most senior women on Wall Street about big deals, investment mistakes, and career advice

Private equity has come a long way.
What is now...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Finance Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 














































Carlyle Sandra Horbach on investment mistake in Oriental Trading - Business Insider





































 





 




































































































Finance























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








A top Wall Street exec explains the important investing lesson she learned from watching a $1 billion deal go wrong












Rachael Levy












Apr. 16, 2017,  2:04 PM



7,420




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





Carlyle's Sandra Horbach.CarlyleEveryone makes mistakes – but as the adage goes, it's often what you learn from them that counts.
Business Insider recently sat down with Sandra Horbach, the cohead of US buyouts at the $158 billion private equity firm, Carlyle Group.
Horbach is one of the industry's most senior women, and has been described as a trailblazer. She got her start in the fledgling industry in the 1980s, just out of business school. 
Horbach's industry typically involves buying up companies, often with borrowed money, and changing the companies to increase their value at a future point of sale. 
Horbach and I had a wide-ranging conversation in which she described her biggest investment mistake, and what she learned.
The investment in question was a 2006 decision to buy Oriental Trading for $1 billion.
From the interview (emphasis added):
Horbach: We invested in a company called Oriental Trading, which was a very successful business that had grown for 30 years consecutively. It was a catalog and direct marketer of party supplies, celebratory products, and servicing schools, teachers, and families. We were very excited about the investment, and we partnered with a former owner of the company to continue to grow and build the business.
The investment was performing very well for the first couple of years. The company performed really well out of the box, but two years into the investment we hit the great recession, and, simultaneously, the US postal office increased postage rates for catalogs by 20%. So we had a massive increase in costs to the business at a time where we were entering a very negative economic environment. So we were unsuccessful in returning capital to our investors. We went through a restructuring. Today Warren Buffett owns the company. It's still a nice business, but it couldn't support the debt load we had put in place at the time of the acquisition, given both events were happening simultaneously.
Levy: Those two factors seem a bit unpredictable. One the crisis, two the post office.
Horbach: You're right. They were incredibly unpredictable. But that's the lesson of the investment. You can't assume that a company, just because it's been very successful for 30 years, that it still can't be subject to tremendous shocks to the system. In those cases, you try to maintain the flexibility to weather through those storms. But in some cases, in our business, that's not possible. But it does humble you.


SEE ALSO: We talked to one of the most senior women on Wall Street about big deals, investment mistakes, and career advice




NOW WATCH: JIM ROGERS: The Fed is clueless and is setting us up for disaster








            More:

                                                        Private Equity
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























A top Wall Street exec explains the important investing lesson she learned from watching a $1 billion deal go wrong
A top Wall Street exec explains the important investing lesson she learned from watching a $1 billion deal go wrong

Everyone makes mistakes – but as the adage...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Finance Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 










































 




Carlyle Names First Woman as Co-Leader of Buyout Arm - The New York Times



































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|Carlyle Names First Woman as Co-Leader of Buyout Arm







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2avFeFZ








Advertisement













 



Supported by




Carlyle Names First Woman as Co-Leader of Buyout Arm

By MICHAEL J. de la MERCEDJULY 27, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Sandra J. Horbach will be promoted from managing director.

Credit
            Yana Paskova for The New York Times        



Early in her career, Sandra J. Horbach earned the distinction of being the first woman to be named a partner at a major American private equity firm when she ascended to that role at Forstmann Little & Company.Twenty-four years later, Ms. Horbach has broken through another barrier at an even bigger investment giant.The Carlyle Group plans to announce on Thursday that it has appointed Ms. Horbach one of two co-heads of its main United States buyout arm, a sprawling business with nearly $40 billion in capital under management.“I couldn’t be more excited and honored to take on this new role for Carlyle,” she said in an interview. “This is one of the top-performing buyout businesses in the private equity universe.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

The move will make Ms. Horbach one of the most senior women in private equity, a world that for decades had been best known as the province of white men often happy to be called barbarians and corporate raiders. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Since the peak of the RJR Nabisco buyout in 1988, however, private equity firms have worked to add women to their senior ranks. At the Blackstone Group, Joan Solotar leads multiasset investing and external relations and is a member of that behemoth’s management committee.At Carlyle, Adena T. Friedman was chief financial officer for three years before she returned to the Nasdaq stock market in 2014 as its president and potential next chief executive.Among the biggest buyout firms, women make up 15.3 percent of senior employees this year, up from 11.9 percent in 2013, according to data from the research firm Preqin. Across all of private equity, however, women make up 12.6 percent of top executives.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




“This continues to be a work in progress,” Nancy Sims, the chief executive of the Robert Toigo Foundation, a nonprofit aimed at improving diversity in financial services companies, said. “Examples like Sandra are a way to refresh and energize the movement. But we cannot wipe our hands and say the job is done.”Since her arrival at Carlyle in 2005 from Forstmann Little, Ms. Horbach has become one of the investment titan’s bigger stars.She helped lead deals for the likes of Dunkin’ Brands and Philosophy cosmetics. More recently, she led investments in Beats, the popular headphone maker that was eventually sold to Apple for $3 billion, and in Vogue International, a hair care manufacturer that was sold to Johnson & Johnson for $3.3 billion.“Sandra Horbach got this job because she’s an outstanding investor, and she was the best person to get it,” William E. Conway Jr., Carlyle’s co-chief executive and chief investment officer, said in a telephone interview.As her star rose, Ms. Horbach became a natural candidate to eventually become a co-head of Carlyle’s most prominent arm. Of its current co-heads, one, Allan M. Holt, is 64. He wanted a smooth transition of leadership for the investment of the company’s next United States buyout fund when that is raised over the next several years.Ms. Horbach will take his role, joining Peter J. Clare, while Mr. Holt will be chairman of the team.Asked about the significance of her hiring, she said: “It further demonstrates that women can be effective investors in the private equity space. I’m hoping we’ll see a lot more diversity in the future.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Carlyle said roughly 46 percent of its permanent hires over the last three years were women or minorities. About 67 percent of its postbusiness-school associate hires for corporate private equity this year were women as well.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Sandra Horbach - Speakerpedia, Discover & Follow a World of Compelling Voices

































Log In
Sign Up












Business
Tech
Entertainment
Diversity
Health
Personal Growth
Faith
Sports
Education
Environment
Arts


                  More
                  












Home /
Speakers /
Sandra Horbach
View








Reviews Write New Review


     
         0 reviews
        







        Are you Sandra Horbach?
Claim Sandra's Profile


Report a problem with this profile

[email protected]
















                Sandra Horbach
              
                  



Sandra Horbach is a Managing Director and Head of the Consumer/Retail Group at The Carlyle Group.




The Carlyle Group is a global private equity investment firm with approximately $71 billion under management.  The firm invests in management-led buyouts, strategic minority equity investments, equity private placements, consolidations and buildups, and growth capital financings.
          
Ms. Horbach currently serves on the board of directors of the following companies: Dunkin’ Brands, the leading QSR company operating under the Dunkin’ Donuts, Baskin-Robbins and Togo’s brands; Oriental Trading Company, a leading direct seller of value-priced novelty items and party supplies; and philosophy, a premium skin and personal care products company.  In addition, she serves as a member of the Executive Committee & Board of Trustees at Rockefeller University, Chair of the Investment Committee at Rockefeller University and the Board of Trustees of The Chapin School in New York.  Ms. Horbach is a former member of the Stanford Business School Advisory Council.
Prior to joining Carlyle, Ms. Horbach served as a General Partner of Forstmann Little (“FL”), a private investment firm that has invested $15 billion in 30 acquisitions since it was founded in 1978.  She joined FL as an Associate in 1987, and became a General Partner in 1993.  Ms. Horbach was responsible for the management and oversight of many of FL’s most successful investments, including: Gulfstream Aerospace; Aldila; Department 56; Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; Community Health Systems; Yankee Candle Company and Citadel Communications.  Prior to joining FL, Ms. Horbach spent two years in the mergers and acquisition department of Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.  She received her MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts from Wellesley College, where she graduated Phi Beta Kappa.






            Videos
            


                No videos yet.
            




Tags


Finance,
                  













            Request Information
          


 
          Add to List  







                Related Speakers View all








Thomas Kaplan
Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Tigris Fina...







Dave Wehner 
Chief Financial Officer; Facebook







Stanford Swim
President of GFC Foundation, a Utah-Based Private Fo...







Mr. Aart Kraay
Lead Economist, Development Research Group at The Wo...







Lord Eatwell of Stratton St. Margaret
President of Queens' College, Cambridge







Harry G. Broadman
Emerging Markets Business Risk Guru / Current: Facul...







Dr. Jihad Al-Wazir
Governor and Chairman of the Board, Palestinian Mone...







Dr. Hippolyte L. Fofack
Senior Economist and Cluster Leader for Knowledge an...







Dr. Graciana del Castillo
Founder, Macroeconomic Advisory Group







Chris Liddell
Former Director and Vice Chairman, General Motors Co...







 Dr. Eckart Woertz
Director, Gulf Research Center







Barbara Newhouse
President & CEO of The ALS Association







Darla Moore
Founder and chair of the Palmetto Institute, Former ...







Paul Berman
Senior Vice President of Investments at 24/7 Investm...







Richard Ruback
Willard Prescott Smith Professor of Corporate Financ...







Kristin Williams Mugford
Melvin Tukman Senior Lecturer of Business Administra...







Amy Florian
Thanatologist, Author, Teacher and Speaker 







Scott Mayfield
Senior Lecturer of Business Administration at Harvard







Stefanos Zenios
Professor of Entrepreneurship and Professor of Opera...







John Ridding 
CEO, Financial Times



More like Sandra 




















© 2017 Speakerpedia


About
Terms
Privacy
DMCA






















Sandra Horbach Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Financial Speakers >
				Sandra Horbach
		

Sandra Horbach Speaker Profile






 Financial Speakers




 

Financial Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  Available Upon Request

          
          

          
          











Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

Sandra Horbach Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book Sandra Horbach for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as Sandra Horbach for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Financial Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring Sandra Horbach for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for Sandra Horbach call us at 1.888.752.3532.
Sandra Horbach Biography

The Carlyle Group is a global private equity investment firm with approximately $71 billion under management. The firm invests in management-led buyouts, strategic minority equity investments, equity private placements, consolidations and buildups, and growth capital financings. Ms. Horbach ...
>>Read More 


The Carlyle Group is a global private equity investment firm with approximately $71 billion under management.  The firm invests in management-led buyouts, strategic minority equity investments, equity private placements, consolidations and buildups, and growth capital financings.
Ms. Horbach currently serves on the board of directors of the following companies: Dunkin™ Brands, the leading QSR company operating under the Dunkin™ Donuts, Baskin-Robbins and Togo™s brands; Oriental Trading Company, a leading direct seller of value-priced novelty items and party supplies; and philosophy, a premium skin and personal care products company.  In addition, she serves as a member of the Executive Committee & Board of Trustees at Rockefeller University, Chair of the Investment Committee at Rockefeller University and the Board of Trustees of The Chapin School in New York.  Ms. Horbach is a former member of the Stanford Business School Advisory Council.
Prior to joining Carlyle, Ms. Horbach served as a General Partner of Forstmann Little (œFL), a private investment firm that has invested $15 billion in 30 acquisitions since it was founded in 1978.  She joined FL as an Associate in 1987, and became a General Partner in 1993.  Ms. Horbach was responsible for the management and oversight of many of FL™s most successful investments, including: Gulfstream Aerospace; Aldila; Department 56; Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; Community Health Systems; Yankee Candle Company and Citadel Communications.  Prior to joining FL, Ms. Horbach spent two years in the mergers and acquisition department of Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.  She received her MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts from Wellesley College, where she graduated Phi Beta Kappa.
Financial Speakers such as a Sandra Horbach offer knowledgeable analysis on business finance and personal finance. Financial Speakers also educate audiences on how the market affects businesses, organizations, and individuals. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with Sandra Horbach speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Financial Speakers for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring a Financial Speaker like Sandra Horbach is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Financial Speaker to your next corporate event.  We can find Sandra Horbach’s agent to make this booking happen.  A Sandra Horbach appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find Sandra Horbach‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at https://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or Sandra Horbach for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below.













	     			﻿
                




Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as Sandra Horbach's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. Sandra Horbach's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
Jim Turely
Chairman and CEO of Ernst & Young




 
Jim M. Dugan
Partner and Fixed Income Co-Chief Investment Officer Brown Advisory LLC




 
Jim Campbell
Managing Director and Financial Professional 




 
Jim Bain
Finance Director and Director, Plectrum Petroleum Limited




 
Jenny Krusoe
Chief Financial and Operating Officer, Altasea




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 











 

Biography of Sandra Horbach for Appearances, Speaking Engagements





















































1.800.698.2536 







































 











 






Your Location:  
Home  
Sandra Horbach Speaker Profile  
Sandra Horbach Biography



SHARE  





Sandra Horbach
 Category :Finance 

Booking Fee Range :
Please Contact             
Booking Fee Range :

Travels From :
Please Contact 







Inquire About Sandra Horbach!Inquire About Sandra Horbach!



Have Questions? Need Suggestions? Want Help? Please fill out the form below or call us at 1-800-MY-TALENT to speak with a talent specialist.







* Required fields



Which speakers / talent would you like information on?

Sandra Horbach



Type of Event:


Convention/Trade Show
Corporate Video/Infomercial
Endorsement/Spokesperson Campaign
Fee Information
Personal Appearance
Product Launch
Satellite Media Tour
Speaking Engagement
Performance or Show
Other




Talent Budget:*


Please Select ...
$5,000 or less
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and above
I have a budget, but I am unsure of what it is
I am looking for Talent to donate their time





Additional Comments:







Name:*






Organization:





E-Mail:*






Phone:






 




 














Biography of Sandra Horbach


The Carlyle Group is a global private equity investment firm with approximately $71 billion under management.  The firm invests in management-led buyouts, strategic minority equity investments, equity private placements, consolidations and buildups, and growth capital financings.          Ms. Horbach currently serves on the board of directors of the following companies: Dunkin’ Brands, the leading QSR company operating under the Dunkin’ Donuts, Baskin-Robbins and Togo’s brands; Oriental Trading Company, a leading direct seller of value-priced novelty items and party supplies; and philosophy, a premium skin and personal care products company.  In addition, she serves as a member of the Executive Committee & Board of Trustees at Rockefeller University, Chair of the Investment Committee at Rockefeller University and the Board of Trustees of The Chapin School in New York.  Ms. Horbach is a former member of the Stanford Business School Advisory Council.Prior to joining Carlyle, Ms. Horbach served as a General Partner of Forstmann Little (“FL”), a private investment firm that has invested $15 billion in 30 acquisitions since it was founded in 1978.  She joined FL as an Associate in 1987, and became a General Partner in 1993.  Ms. Horbach was responsible for the management and oversight of many of FL’s most successful investments, including: Gulfstream Aerospace; Aldila; Department 56; Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; Community Health Systems; Yankee Candle Company and Citadel Communications.  Prior to joining FL, Ms. Horbach spent two years in the mergers and acquisition department of Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.  She received her MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts from Wellesley College, where she graduated Phi Beta Kappa.            

All American Speakers is a speakers bureau and booking agency providing information on booking Sandra Horbach for speaking engagements, personal appearances and corporate events. Contact an All American Speakers Bureau booking agent for more information on Sandra Horbach speaking fees, availability, speech topics and cost to hire for your next event.



Tag Cloud

 speaker bureaus  entertainment famous hire schedule sandra horbach celebrity recommended favorite appearance fees keynote speaking special event booking agency contact corporate event how to findsandra horbach 


Booking Agency Disclaimer:


Sandra Horbach Booking Agency: Celebrity Appearance Fees and Availability
Contact a booking agent to check availability on Sandra Horbach and other top corporate entertainment
Exclusive Buyer's Agent that Books Celebrities, Entertainers and Speakers like Sandra Horbach for Speaking Engagements, Appearances and Corporate Events

Please Note: All American Speakers Bureau acts only as an entertainment broker/producer for corporate functions, private engagements and special events. All American Speakers Bureau does not claim or represent itself as the exclusive agent or management of Sandra Horbach or any artist on this website. Speaker fees are determined based on a number of factors and may change without notice. Fees often vary based on a number of factors including: speakers schedule, supply and demand, length of presentation, location of event and other factors. Fee Ranges listed on this website are intended to serve only as a guideline. In some cases, the actual price quote may be above or below the stated range.

                All American Speakers Bureau is a celebrity booking agency and talent buyer which supplies celebrity talent worldwide. We secure speakers and celebrities for speaking engagements, advertising campaigns, personal appearances, commercials, licensing, voice-overs, product endorsements, spokesperson campaigns, publicity events, corporate entertainment, trade shows, and media tours.

                Related Tags: Information on keynote speaking engagements, personal appearances, corporate entertainment and appearance fees for Sandra Horbach, an inspirational motivational speaker. bio for Sandra Horbach agency, manager, speaker fees, speaking agency entertainment booking agency, speaker's fee, how to book, booking agencies for lectures, speaking event, celebrity appearances for hire, who is agent, manager, publicist, who represents, speakers bureau management who represents Sandra Horbach
















Popular Topics

Business Speakers
Celebrity Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Education Speakers
Health & Wellness
Leadership Speakers
Motivational Speakers


Political Speakers
Sales & Marketing
Sports Speakers
Technology Speakers
TED Speakers
University Speakers
Women Speakers



Talent Finder

Speakers by Topics
Speakers by Fee
Speakers by Location
Speakers by Industry
Keynote Speaker Lists
Advanced Search



About AAE

Meet Our Team
About Us
All American Advantage
Testimonials
Our Philosophy
Speakers Bureau FAQs
Contact Us



Quick Links

Speakers Bureau Home
Request Booking Info
Speaker News & Blog
Event Planner Resources
View all Speakers
Client Login




AAE is one of the premier celebrity booking agencies and top keynote speakers bureaus in the world. Let us help you find the perfect motivational speaker, celebrity, or entertainer for your next corporate event.









Copyright © 2017 All American Speakers Bureau. All rights reserved.
Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy
 










subscribe





 TOP 






























SANDRA J HORBACH - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            SANDRA J HORBACH
                                    



 





















S 


SANDRA J HORBACH
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



590 MADISON AVE NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(212) 521-4343





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts SANDRA J HORBACH







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Sandra J Horbach has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














horbach - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content



















Eugene Horbach




Eugene Horbach (June 27, 1926 – January 1, 2004) was a real estate developer in the western United States from the 1960s to 2004. Early life Horbach was born of Ukrainian stock

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Horbach - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Horbach


Horbach may refer to: Places. Horbach, Bad Kreuznach, a municipality in the district of Bad Kreuznach, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany; Horbach, Südwestpfalz, a ...


Hornbach (hypermarket) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Hornbach_(hypermarket)


Hornbach is a German DIY-store chain offering home improvement and do-it-yourself goods. Until March 2014, it was 21% owned by Kingfisher plc, a UK company, who also ...


Hornbach - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Hornbach


Hornbach is a municipality in the Südwestpfalz district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated southwest of the Palatinate forest, on the border with ...


Horbach, Bad Kreuznach - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Horbach,_Bad_Kreuznach


Geography Location. Horbach lies in the southern Hunsrück at an elevation of 340 m above sea level on the western foothills of the Soonwald above the Kellenbach and ...


Horbach, Südwestpfalz - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Horbach,_Südwestpfalz


Horbach is a municipality in Südwestpfalz district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany. v; t; e; Towns and municipalities in Südwestpfalz. Althornbach ...


Lance Horbach - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Lance_Horbach


Lance J. Horbach (born February 14, 1958 in Grundy Center, Iowa) is the Iowa State Representative from the 40th District. He has served in the Iowa House of ...


Eugene Horbach - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Eugene_Horbach


Eugene Horbach (June 27, 1926 – January 1, 2004) was a real estate developer in the western United States from the 1960s to 2004.


Horbach, Westerwaldkreis - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Horbach,_Westerwaldkreis


Geography Location. The community lies in the Westerwald south of Montabaur in the Nassau Nature Park. The community belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Montabaur, a ...


toolbar.aol.com

toolbar.aol.com/utilities/addbutton/addbutton-ie.html


toolbar.aol.com


Untitled Document [client.web.aol.com]

client.web.aol.com/toolbar/hp/signin.htm?lang=de&locale=de&...


Untitled Document



Searches related tohorbach



hornbach praha


hornbach bratislava


hornbach bucuresti berceni


hornbach bratislava katalog



hornbach romania


hornbach brasov


hornbach etoy


hornbach timisoara catalog produse




12345Next

Related Searches



hornbach praha


hornbach bratislava


hornbach bucuresti berceni


hornbach bratislava katalog


hornbach romania


hornbach brasov


hornbach etoy


hornbach timisoara catalog produse




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








