










Horizons ETF Trust I Horizons NASDAQ-100 Covered Call ETF (QYLD) Real-Time Stock Quote - NASDAQ.com






































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search

























Home >
Quotes >
QYLD >
Real Time Quotes















Horizons ETF Trust I Horizons NASDAQ-100 Covered Call ETF Real Time Stock Quotes 


QYLD 
$23.81
*  
0.1

0.42%
Get QYLD Alerts



				        *Real-Time - data as of 7/27/2017 - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading QYLD now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
 
Community Rating:  



















QYLD





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    ETF Details
               
        
Summary Quote
ETF Detail
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
        
                ETF NEWS
ETF Headlines
Market Stream
FUNDAMENTALS
Short Interest
Dividend History






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now












 Save Stocks
                    




















                                QYLD's NASDAQ Last Sale (NLS)
                                


                                        "Last Sale" is the price at which a stock last traded during regular market hours.
                                    






                                NLS Volume
                                


                                        "Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during regular trading hours.
                                    




Previous Close
Today's High / Low
52 Week High / Low





23.81
                              
                            0.1
                             ▲
                             0.42%

21,290
$23.71
 23.97 / 23.49
$24.16 / $21.61





Data as of 7/29/2017 12:30:31 AM - 















Last Five Real-Time Trades







NLS Time (ET)
NLS Price
NLS Share Volume




15:55:01
$23.7793 
500


15:49:26
$23.849 
175


15:49:26
$23.81 
100


15:40:04
$23.8033 
125


15:10:22
$23.77 
100





			        See All Trades




                The last real-time five trades feature is not available during the
                Pre-Market, 
                nor the After Hours. Visit the respective link for the trading information in that session. 
            



Stock Rating / Target Est.



Community Rating
1 Year Target










Not yet rated 

Be the first to rate this stock!

N/A



NASDAQ Official Price



Open Price / Date
Close Price / Date




$23.49/Jul. 28, 2017
$23.81/Jul. 28, 2017





                Learn more about Real Time Quotes



















Stock Market Today






Stocks to Watch




                  Why Chevron's Earnings Weren't as Bad as They Looked
            






Featured Story from





























News for QYLD









                        After Hours Most Active for Jul 18, 2017 :  CHS, JBGS, HAL, QQQ, SIRI, ODP, SQ, ESV, TLT, KO, MU, QYLD
                    

7/18/2017 4:44:57 PM - NASDAQ.com News



                        Don't Be Lured By The 6.2% Yield From This NASDAQ-Based CEF
                    

5/29/2017 1:31:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        10 ETF Dividends in Serious Danger
                    

5/5/2017 9:30:22 AM - InvestorPlace Media



                        Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback (QYLD, EOS)
                    

3/27/2017 11:00:59 AM - InvestorPlace Media



                        Better Than Cash: 8% Payouts “Hedged” Against a Market Pullback
                    

3/27/2017 9:35:01 AM - BNK Invest




 Subscribe


                More QYLD News & Commentary



                Read QYLD Press Releases






















































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































Exchange Listed Funds Trust - Horizons S&P 500® Covered Call ETF (HSPX) Announces Adjournment Of Special Shareholder Meeting - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Exchange Listed Funds Trust - Horizons S&P 500® Covered Call ETF (HSPX) Announces Adjournment Of Special Shareholder Meeting









PR Newswire




Jun 27, 2017 5:36 PM EDT













 


















































  NEW YORK, June 27 , 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The special meeting of shareholders of Exchange Listed Funds Trust and its series Horizons S&P 500 ® Covered Call ETF (the "Existing Fund"), an exchange-traded index fund, has been adjourned in order to allow shareholders additional time to consider the approval of the Reorganization Agreement, which provides for: (i) the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of the Existing Fund to a new series (the "New Fund") of Horizons ETFs Trust I, in exchange solely for shares of the New Fund, and (ii) the distribution of such New Fund shares pro rata to shareholders of the Existing Fund, which will be liquidated. The shareholder meeting for the Exchange Listed Funds Trust and the Existing Fund will reconvene on June 28, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. EST at the offices of Thompson Hine LLP, 335 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017-4611.  In connection with the solicitation of proxies to approve the proposal described above, Exchange Listed Funds Trust and the Existing Fund have filed a proxy statement. Because the proxy statement contains important information, the shareholders are urged to read the proxy statement and accompanying materials carefully. The shareholders are also able to obtain copies of these documents by calling 1-800-817-5468. Representatives are available to answer your questions about the proxy material or about how to how to cast your vote.  The proxy statement is also available free of charge at the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission, www.sec.gov . The foregoing is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, shares of the New or Existing Funds, nor is it a solicitation of any proxy.    Important Information   You should consider the Existing Fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses carefully before investing. Contact Exchange Listed Funds Trust at 1-855-HZNETFS (1-855-496-3837)  or visit    http://us.horizonsetfs.com/   to obtain a prospectus which contains information about the Existing Fund. The prospectus should be read carefully before investing.    Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV), are not individually redeemable, and owners of the Shares may acquire those Shares from the Existing Fund and tender those shares for redemption to the Existing Fund in Creation Unit aggregations only, consisting of 50,000 Shares. Investing in the Existing Fund involves risk, including possible loss of principal.  The Existing Fund's shares are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC.  Exchange Traded Concepts, LLC is the advisor.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Horizons ETF Trust to Close and Liquidate the Horizons Korea KOSPI 200 ETF 
         










    










 













 











 



















Horizons ETF Trust to Close and Liquidate the Horizons Korea KOSPI 200 ETF
        																																
              











 News provided by
Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC  
Apr 02, 2016, 10:46 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, April 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- After careful consideration, the Board of Trustees of the Horizons ETF Trust has determined to close and liquidate the Horizons Korea KOSPI 200 ETF (NYSE:   HKOR)(the "Fund"), which is managed and marketed by Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC ("Horizons USA"). 








The last day of trading of the Fund's shares on the NYSE Arca will be April 29, 2016. Shareholders may sell Fund shares through a broker in the standard manner through this date. Customary brokerage charges may apply to such transactions. The Fund will be closed to new investors as of April 29, 2016. Between May 2, 2016 and May 5, 2016, the Fund will be in the process of liquidating its portfolio assets.  This will cause the Fund to increase its cash holdings and deviate from the investment objective and strategies stated in the prospectus. 
Shareholders remaining in the Fund on May 2, 2016 will have their shares redeemed automatically and will receive cash in an amount equal to the net asset value of their shares as of the close of business on May 5, 2016. This amount includes any accrued capital gains and dividends. Shareholders remaining in the Fund on May 5, 2016 will not be charged any transaction fees by the Fund. 
Whether shares are sold or are automatically redeemed, they will generally recognize a capital gain (or loss) equal to the amount received for shares above (or below) or adjusted cost basis in such shares. 
For additional information, please contact Joe Cunningham (212) 205-8381 or visit www.HorizonsETFs.com/USA. 
Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, charges, and expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the Funds' prospectus, which may be obtained by calling (855) 496-3837, or by visiting www.HorizonsETFs.com/USA. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. 
This information is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy shares of any Fund to any person in any jurisdiction in which an offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. 
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. In addition to the normal risks associated with investing, narrowly focused investments typically exhibit higher volatility. 
The Horizons Korea KOSPI 200 ETF is distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC, which is not affiliated with Horizons USA or any of its affiliates. 
About the Horizons ETFs Group (www.HorizonsETFs.com) Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC is a member of the Horizons ETFs Group. The Horizons ETFs Group consists of innovative financial services companies offering regional families of ETFs in Canada, Korea, Hong Kong, Australia, the United States and Colombia. Currently, all of the ETFs offered by these companies use the Horizons ETFs' brand with the exception of the 'BetaShares' family of ETFs in Australia and the 'Mirae Asset Tiger ETFs' family in Korea. With approximately US$10.1 billion in assets under management and 175 ETF listings worldwide (as of February 29, 2016), the Horizons ETFs Group makes up one of the largest collective families of ETFs in the world. All of the Horizons ETFs Group of companies and affiliates are subsidiaries of Mirae Asset Global Investments ("Mirae Asset").  
Globally, Mirae Asset has in excess of US$75 billion of assets under management (as of February 29, 2016) across a diversified platform to offer market-leading investment services and solutions in traditional equity and fixed income products, exchange traded funds and alternative strategies, such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds. Headquartered in Korea, Mirae Asset has a presence in 12 countries worldwide, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Korea, Taiwan, United Kingdom, USA and Vietnam. Mirae Asset includes over 120 investment professionals dedicated to asset management in Asia and other emerging markets.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/horizons-etf-trust-to-close-and-liquidate-the-horizons-korea-kospi-200-etf-300245173.html
SOURCE  Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC
 Related Links

http://www.HorizonsETFs.com



 












Nov 01, 2016, 20:00 ET
Preview: Recon Capital Team Joins Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Feb 01, 2017, 14:34 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC Finalizes Acquisition of Recon...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Mutual Funds
Accounting News & Issues








 You just read:
Horizons ETF Trust to Close and Liquidate the Horizons Korea KOSPI 200 ETF


 News provided by
Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC  
Apr 02, 2016, 10:46 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




	Horizons ETFs - Our Products


























































































Login/RegisterProduct Lineup 2016 Distribution Summary PFIC Contact  CAN
FR
 



Login/Register








Search
×






Search
















Menu 
our products

prices & performance

Learning Library

About Us

NEWS

FAQ

Regulatory Documents

Futures Roll

Model Portfolios




BROKER/DEALER 
 
Alpha

Our family of low-cost*, actively managed portfolio solutions designed to outperform their benchmarks
 
*Relative to the typical MER of comparable, regular mutual funds.


Benchmark

Our family of low-cost*, passively managed ETFs, which use innovative strategies to track indices with optimal tracking and tax efficiency
 
*Relative to the typical MER of comparable, regular mutual funds.


Betapro

Designed to provide market-savvy investors with leveraged, inverse and inverse leveraged exposure to various indices or commodities on a daily basis
 



REGISTER FOR MY ETFS



 


Horizons ETFs Watch List
                            "My ETFs" allows you to conveniently view pricing and NAV information about selected ETFs across all of your devices.
Register now to add ETFs








ETF

 





×

Login
Register











Email Address:

Please enter a user name



Password:







Login







Forgot password?










Register for your free account and gain access to your "My ETFs" watch list. Located on the top panel of the Horizons ETFs website, "My ETFs" allows you to conveniently view pricing and NAV information about selected ETFs across all of your devices. All personal information is secure and will not be shared.

First name:






Last name:






Email:






Password:





Please enter a password







 I would like to sign up for Horizons ETFs emails covering news, ETF launches, webinars and more. I understand I can withdraw my consent at any time.
					




 I am an advisor












Register







Login with Linkedin












Our Products
Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. and its affiliate AlphaPro Management Inc. are innovative financial services companies offering the Horizons ETFs family of exchange traded funds. The Horizons ETFs family includes a broadly diversified range of investment tools with solutions for investors of all experience levels to meet their investment objectives in a variety of market conditions.
 
Download Product Lineup







Alpha
We are the largest provider of actively managed ETFs in Canada — investment solutions that combine portfolio management with the low-cost structure of an ETF to generate better risk-adjusted returns. Our actively managed ETFs trade like stocks, but with lower management fees than standard mutual funds and the intra-day liquidity of an ETF. We work with a number of sub-advisors such as Fiera Capital Corp. and Guardian Capital Corp. to bring you innovative portfolio management strategies in fixed income, equities and global dividends. Learn more about the Active Advantage™





Benchmark
Our Benchmark ETFs aim to provide the best possible tracking of an index by combining innovative strategies with the low-cost ETF structure. Offered in a range of asset classes — equities, fixed income, currencies and alternatives — many of our benchmark ETFs utilize a total return swap (TRS) structure to ensure that you receive the absolute value of an index’s returns, while minimizing your tax exposure to distributions and interest. Learn more about the Index Advantage





Betapro
Our BetaPro ETFs are designed for tactical and market savvy investors in a range of asset classes, and include leveraged, inverse and inverse leveraged ETFs. These investments can be volatile as they provide daily performance investment results that correspond to one times the inverse of their specified underlying index or benchmark; two times the daily performance, or two times the inverse of the daily performance of their specified underlying index or benchmark; or track the performance of market volatility. Learn more about the Tactical Advantage















© 2017 Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Inc. All rights reserved.


Privacy Trademarks Accessibility Terms of Use 


© 2017 Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Inc. All rights reserved.








Horizons ETFs is a Member of Mirae Asset Global Investments. Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses all may be associated with an investment in exchange traded products managed by AlphaPro Management Inc. and Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. (the "Horizons Exchange Traded Products"). The Horizons Exchange Traded Products are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated. The prospectus contains important detailed information about the Horizons Exchange Traded Products. Please read the relevant prospectus before investing.

The Horizons Exchange Traded Products consist of the Horizons Index ETFs ("Index ETFs"), 2x Daily Bull and -2x Daily Bear ETFs ("2x Daily ETFs"), Inverse ETFs ("Inverse ETFs"), VIX ETFs (defined below) and active ETFs. The 2x Daily ETFs and certain other Horizons Exchange Traded Products use leveraged investment techniques that can magnify gains and losses and may result in greater volatility of returns. These Horizons Exchange Traded Products are subject to leverage risk and may be subject to aggressive investment risk and price volatility risk, which, where applicable, are described in their respective prospectuses. Each 2x Daily ETF seeks a return, before fees and expenses, that is either 200% or -200% of the performance of a specified underlying index, commodity or benchmark (the "Target") for a single day. Each Index ETF or Inverse ETF seeks a return that is 100% or -100%, respectively, of the performance of a Target. Due to the compounding of daily returns, a 2x Daily ETF's or Inverse ETF's returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the performance of their respective Target(s) for the same period. The Horizons Exchange Traded Products whose Target is the S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Index™ (the "VIX ETFs"), one of which is a 2x Daily ETF and one of which is an Index ETF, as described in their prospectus, are speculative investment tools that are not conventional investments. The VIX ETFs' Target is highly volatile. As a result, the VIX ETFs are not generally viewed as stand-alone long-term investments. Historically, the VIX ETFs' Target has tended to revert to a historical mean. As a result, the performance of the VIX ETFs' Target is expected to be negative over the longer term and neither the VIX ETFs nor their Target are expected to have positive long term performance. Investors should monitor their holdings, as frequently as daily, to ensure that they remain consistent with their investment strategies.

*The indicated rates of return are the historical annual compounded total returns including changes in per unit value and reinvestment of all dividends or distributions and do not take into account sales, redemption, distribution or optional charges or income taxes payable by any securityholder that would have reduced returns. The rates of return shown in the table are not intended to reflect future values of the ETF or returns on investment in the ETF. Only the returns for periods of one year or greater are annualized returns.








The EURO STOXX 50® Futures Roll Index (Total Return) is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of STOXX Limited, Zurich, Switzerland (“STOXX”), Deutsche Börse Group or their licensors, which is used under license. Horizons EURO STOXX 50® Index ETF is neither sponsored nor promoted, distributed or in any other manner supported by STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group or their licensors, research partners or data providers and STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data providers do not give any warranty, and exclude any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) with respect thereto generally or specifically in relation to any errors, omissions or interruptions in the relevant index or its data.

"Standard & Poor's®" and "S&P®" are registered trademarks of Standard and Poor's® Financial Services LLC ("S&P"), "TSX®" is a registered trademark of TSX Inc.("TSX"), and Morningstar® is a registered trademark of Morningstar Research Inc. ("Morningstar"). These marks have been licensed for use by AlphaPro Management Inc. and Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. where applicable. The Horizons Exchange Traded Products are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by S&P, TSX, or Morningstar and their affiliated companies and none of these parties make any representation, warranty or condition regarding the advisability of buying, selling or holding units/shares in the Horizons Exchange Traded Products. All trademarks/service marks are registered by their respective owners. None of the owners thereof or any of their affiliates sponsor, endorse, sell, promote or make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Horizons Exchange Traded Products.

The mark and name “Hang Seng High Dividend Yield Index” (the “Index”) is proprietary to Hang Seng Data Services Limited (“HSDS”) which has licensed its compilation and publication to Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited (“HSIL”). HSIL and HSDS have agreed to the use of, and reference to, the Index by Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. (“the Issuer”) in connection with the Horizons China High Dividend Yield Index ETF (the “Product”). However, neither HSIL nor HSDS warrants, represents or guarantees to any person the accuracy or completeness of the Index, its computation or any information related thereto and no warranty, representation or guarantee of any kind whatsoever relating to the Index is given or may be implied. Neither HSIL nor HSDS accepts any responsibility or liability for any economic or other loss which may be directly or indirectly sustained by any person as a result of or in connection with the use of and/or reference to the Index by the Issuer in connection with the Product, or any inaccuracies, omissions or errors of HSIL in computing the Index. Any person dealing with the Product shall place no reliance whatsoever on HSIL and/or HSDS nor bring any claims or legal proceedings against HSIL and/or HSDS in any manner whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, this disclaimer does not create any contractual or quasi-contractual relationship between any broker or other person dealing with the Product and HSIL and/or HSDS and must not be construed to have created such relationship. Click here to read more
Horizons ETFs is committed to providing a respectful, welcoming and accessible environment for all persons with disabilities; treating all individuals in a way that allows them to maintain their dignity and independence. We are devoted to offering our services in a manner that is accessible to all clients.

We believe in integration and equal opportunity, which is why we are committed to a workplace that is accessible and enables our employees to participate fully. Our policies are designed to keep the recruitment, retention and development of talent impartial and barrier-free. Every employee is expected to contribute to creating and sustaining such a workplace. Horizons ETFs ensures that all individuals are aware of their rights and responsibilities to promote an accessible working environment for persons with disabilities.

Upon request, Horizons ETFs will provide a copy of the policy for those individuals requesting it, in accessible format that takes into account the person’s disability, if any. We welcome and appreciate feedback regarding this policy. To obtain a copy of the policy or to comment on its content, please contact our Human Resources department and the email provided below.

Email: HR@horizonsetfs.com

Mail: Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc.
Attn: Human Resources Department
26 Wellington Street East, Suite 700
Toronto, Ontario, M5E 1S2

Phone: 416-601-2507





















Horizons ETFs : Management (US) LLC Announces Successful Reorganization of Horizons S&P 500® Covered Call ETF (HSPX)















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Companies  >  All News


News : Companies




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectorsAll News Analyst Recommendations Rumors IPOs Capital Markets Transactions New Contracts Profits warnings Appointments Press Releases Events Corporate actions 










Horizons ETFs : Management (US) LLC Announces Successful Reorganization of Horizons S&P 500® Covered Call ETF (HSPX)



































0






07/10/2017 | 03:01pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields




 
HSPX begins trading today as a series of Horizons ETF Trust I, 
      bringing all US-listed products together on single trust





      Today, Horizons ETFs Management (US) LLC (the "Firm") announced that the 
      Horizons S&P 500® Covered Call ETF (the “Fund”) has officially been 
      reorganized as a series of the Horizons ETF Trust I. The Fund will 
      maintain its listing on NYSE Arca under the ticker symbol HSPX.
    

      The Fund, initially launched as a series of Exchange Listed Funds Trust, 
      joins the Horizons family of ETFs, which includes BullMark LatAm Select 
      Leaders ETF (BMLA), Horizons DAX Germany ETF (DAX), Horizons NASDAQ 100 
      Covered Call ETF (QYLD), and Horizons USA Managed Risk ETF (USMR).
    

      The reorganization, which follows the Firm’s purchase of Recon Capital’s 
      ETF business in early 2017, is part of the Firm’s larger effort to 
      streamline its business and build out a suite of exchange-traded 
      products that leverage the Firm’s in-house expertise. The migration of 
      the Fund to the Horizons ETF Trust I did not result in any change in 
      expense ratio for the Fund when compared to its expense ratio as a 
      series of the Exchange Listed Funds Trust.
    

      In addition, shareholders should expect continuity in their investment 
      experience because the Fund’s investment objective and strategies did 
      not change: the Fund seeks to provide investment results that, before 
      fees and expenses, generally correspond to the performance of the 
      Horizons S&P 500® Stock Covered Call Index.
    

      Horizons ETFs Management (US) LLC is the new investment adviser to the 
      Fund. The fund’s portfolio managers, who held that role in a sub-adviser 
      capacity before the reorganization, remain in place. The fund will no 
      longer have a sub-adviser.
    

      About the Horizons ETFs Group (www.HorizonsETFs.com)
    

      Horizons ETFs Management (US) LLC is a member of the Horizons ETFs 
      Group. The Horizons ETFs Group consists of innovative financial services 
      companies offering regional families of ETFs in Canada, Korea, Hong 
      Kong, Australia, the United States and Colombia. Currently, all of the 
      ETFs offered by these companies use the Horizons ETFs’ brand with the 
      exception of the “BetaShares” family of ETFs in Australia and the ‘Mirae 
      Asset Tiger ETFs’ family in Korea. With approximately US$14.6 billion in 
      assets under management and 227 ETF listings worldwide (as of May 31, 
      2017), the Horizons ETFs Group makes up one of the largest collective 
      families of ETFs in the world. All of the Horizons ETFs Group companies 
      and affiliates are subsidiaries of Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., 
      Ltd.
    

      About Mirae Asset Global Investments (www.MiraeAsset.com)
    

      Mirae Asset Global Investments is one of the world’s largest investment 
      managers in emerging market equities. With approximately 670 employees, 
      including 152 dedicated investment professionals, Mirae Asset offers a 
      breadth of emerging markets expertise. Mirae Asset’s offices are located 
      in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Korea, 
      Taiwan, the U.K., the United States and Vietnam. Headquartered in Seoul, 
      South Korea, the firm manages US$100.5 billion in assets globally (as of 
      March 31, 2017) through a diversified platform to offer market-leading 
      franchises in traditional equity and fixed income products, ETFs and 
      alternative strategies, such as real estate, private equity and hedge 
      funds. Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) LLC is focused on providing 
      equity and fixed income investment advisory services to mutual funds, 
      foreign investment trusts and institutions.
    

Exchange Traded Fund investing involves risk, including loss of 
      principal.


Before investing you should carefully consider each Funds’ investment 
      objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other information is 
      in their respective prospectus which can be found at www.horizonsetfs.com 
      (HSPX) and www.reconfunds.com 
      (DAX, QYLD, USMR, & BMLA). Please read the prospectus carefully before 
      you invest. Distributor: Foreside Fund Services, LLC.


Individual shares of the Horizons-branded exchange traded funds (the 
      “Funds”) may be purchased or sold in the secondary market throughout the 
      regular trading day. However, shares of HSPX are not individually 
      redeemable directly from the Funds. Each Fund issues and redeems shares 
      on a continuous basis, at NAV, only in blocks of at least 50,000 shares 
      (“Creation Units”), principally in-kind for securities included in the 
      relevant Index. Recon Funds’ Shares are bought and sold at market price 
      (not NAV), are not individually redeemable, and owners of the Shares may 
      acquire those Shares from the Funds and tender those shares for 
      redemption to the Funds in Creation Unit aggregations only, consisting 
      of 50,000 Shares. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.


      303537.1
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170710005216/en/















 © Business Wire 2017





































0






 






Latest news "Companies"




06:11a Tesla's Musk hands over first Model 3 electric cars to early buyers

06:10a ELON MUSK : Tesla's Musk hands over first Model 3 electric cars to early buyers

06:05a DEVELOPMENT INVESTMENT CONSTRUCTION JSC : Saudi Arabia Funds Health Care Project, in Qairaouan, Tunisia

06:00a WEIBO CORP (ADR) : Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Weibo Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

06:00a Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Tableau Software, Inc.

06:00a Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses Exceeding $100,000 to Contact the Firm

06:00a AXIOM HOLDINGS INC : SHAREHOLDER REMINDER: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Axiom Holdings, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

05:59a B COMMUNICATIONS LTD : Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against B Communications Ltd. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

05:59a SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS LTD (ADR) : DEADLINE APPROACHING: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

05:59a Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lexmark International, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm



Latest news "Companies"





Advertisement 




MOST READ NEWS


1WELLS FARGO : WELLS FARGO : faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered

2TESLA : Tesla's Musk hands over first Model 3 electric cars to early buyers

3FACEBOOK : FACEBOOK : now world's fourth most valuable company

4BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO : BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO : Reynolds a boost to British American Tobacco

5TERRACO GOLD CORP : TERRACO GOLD CORP. : Announces Approval for Extension of Warrant Expiry Date


More news

HOT NEWS












STARBUCKS CORPORATIO.

-9.24%




Says coffee needs 70 percent locked in for financial year 2018 - CFO














ASTRAZENECA

+3.62%




Shares Plummet On Drug News -- WSJ














ESSILOR INTERNATIONA.

-4.12%




Sticks to profitability target despite dip in sunglasses sales














ADIDAS

+8.79%




Tech sector depresses European shares on busy earnings day














HARTFORD FINANCIAL S.

+3.59%




Sources














BAIDU

+9.45%




Profit Rises in Rebound From Beijing Crackdown -- Update



More news



 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF (ARCA:HSPX) - Fundamentals Analysis


































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF
ARCA:HSPX












Snowflake Description
No noteworthy features. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









HSPX
ARCA
$0M
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Asset Management and Custody Banks
Company description
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC. More info.

 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest
WARNING: This is a fund or ETF! Currently our data availability for these is poor, we only recommend using them as part of a portfolio.
WARNING!Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF is covered by less than 3 analysts.


Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History
















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors

Sorry, no analysis for Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's competitors could be found in our database.

















Value
 Is Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 

 It is not possible to calculate the future cash flow value for Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF. This is due to cash flow or dividend data being unavailable. The share price is $48.956.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


Information is not available.

Information is not available.




Price based on expected Growth
Does Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's expected growth come at a high price?


No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's assets?


Information is not available.







X
Value checks
We assess Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (0%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Dividend Discount Model)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF is arrived at by discounting future dividends to their present value. This approach is used for finance firms where free cash flow is difficult to estimate (e.g. Banks/ Insurance firms).
If the firm does not pay the majority of its earnings out as a dividend this method will often arrive at a value significantly lower than the share price.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.

Value of the stock
Value = Expected dividends per share / (Discount Rate - Perpetual growth rate)
$0 = ($0 / (10.55% - 2.33%)
Value per share: $0
Current discount (share price of $48.956): %

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 10.55% = 2.33% + (1.072 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered is used in the case of financial firms, but it is not adjusted for financial leverage like with non-finance firms. Therefore the average levered beta from comparable firms is used as the bottom-up beta. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Average Levered Beta from peers = 1.072
Levered Beta used in calculation = 1.072

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in US.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 0 analysts?
Future performance analysis is based on estimates from less than 3 analysts.


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!

 Insufficient estimate data, unable to calculate 1 year growth expectation.





Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue data unavailable.
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit data unavailable.






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




No 3 year Return on Equity data available.


Improvement & Relative to industry

No 3 year Return on Equity data available.
No 3 year Return on Equity data available.






X
Future performance checks
We assess Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's growth in the last year to its industry (Financial Institutions).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has been loss making too recently or no data is available.

Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.

Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.




Profit History
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Negative return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF had negative or no return on assets (ROA) last year.
Return based on revenue producing assets (ROCE) is negative or zero.





X
Past performance checks
We assess Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Financial Institutions industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's financial position? (This company is analysed differently as a bank or financial institution)

This company is a bank or financial institution.
Fundamentally a bank's business is based upon borrowing and lending money, for this reason they typically have high levels of debt and we analyse them differently.




Net Worth 








Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.








Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.


 Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has no debt.
BANK ANALYSIS 
This company is a bank or financial institution, which is analysed accordingly below.
Below we check the amount of loans the bank has, how many of those are bad, and its ability to cover any bad loans.

Information is not available.
Information is not available.
Holds no customer deposits, loans are made up entirely of borrowed funds.

High level of bad loan coverage.
Acceptable level of bad loan write offs (less than 2%).





X
Financial health checks (Bank)
We assess Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's financial health as a bank by checking for:

Leverage (Assets to Equity > 20x)? (1 check)
Coverage of bad loans (Bad Loan Coverage > 100%)? (1 check)
Proportion of lower risk deposits compared to total funding (Deposits to Liabilities < 50%)? (1 check)
Proportion of higher risk assets compared to total assets (Loans to Assets > 110%)? (1 check)
Total loans compared to deposit funding (Loans to Deposits > 125%)? (1 check)
Level of bad loans (Net Charge Off Ratio > 3%)? (1 check)
	Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.

	

Annual Dividend Income


0%
Current annual income from Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF dividends. 


If you bought $2,000 of Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF shares you are expected to receive $0 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Not paying a notable dividend.
Not paying a notable dividend.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Not paying a notable dividend.





Future Payout to shareholders 


Insufficient estimate data to determine if a dividend will be paid in 3 years.





X
Income/ dividend checks
     We assess Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's dividend by checking for:
    
Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
	Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Steven Hawkins





CEO Bio

Mr. Steven Hawkins serves as a Portfolio Manager of Exchange Traded Concepts, LLC, Asset Management Arm and Exchange Traded Concepts Trust II - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF. Mr. Hawkins served as Portfolio Manager of Exchange Traded Concepts Trust II - Horizons S&P Financial Select Sector Covered Call ETF.


CEO Compensation 
Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a new CEO, we can't show their compensation history.
CEO's compensation information is not available.



Management Team


Steven Hawkins
TITLEPortfolio Manager


Nick Piquard
TITLEPortfolio Manager


Hans Albrecht
TITLEPortfolio Manager


Wade Guenther
TITLEPortfolio Manager


David Kunselman
TITLEPortfolio Manager




Board of Directors





Recent Insider Trading 



Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
     We assess Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF's management by checking for:
    
Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than  0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
	Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.
	
Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
	Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
	 Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








		Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Horizons ETFs Management (USA) LLC. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The fund takes long and short positions to invest directly and through derivatives such as covered call options to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in stocks of large-cap companies. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the S&P 500 Stock Covered Call Index, by investing in stocks of companies as per their weightings in the index. It was formerly known as Exchange Listed Funds Trust - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF. Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF was formed on June 24, 2013 and is domiciled in the United States.
		

Details

Name:Horizons ETF Trust I - Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF
Ticker:HSPX
Exchange:ARCA
Founded:2013
Market Cap:$0 million
Website:http://us.horizonsetfs.com/ETF/HSPX

Listings




Map




		10900 Hefner Pointe Drive, Oklahoma City, 73120, United States

		





Street





Industry



Industry:Asset Management and Custody Banks
Sector:Diversified Financials










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy







Related Industries


Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


Diversified Financial Services


Consumer Finance


Capital Markets







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.  Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P.  S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information.  S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.  In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 



























Open an Account | Vanguard








Vanguard home







Warning
This page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.









































ETF vs mutual fund similarities, differences | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard ETFs
 










					Learn about ETFs



					Get the Vanguard ETF advantage



					Choose your ETFs



					Pick an account type



					Open your brokerage account online







Compare ETFs vs. mutual funds
It may surprise you just how similar ETFs and mutual funds really are—just a few key differences set them apart.
How ETFs and mutual funds are the same








Less risk through more diversification
One ETF or mutual fund can invest in hundreds (sometimes thousands) of stocks or bonds in a single fund.
Discover the advantages of Vanguard ETFs®

 




Professional management
You don't have to keep track of every security your fund owns. The fund is managed by experts who take care of that for you.
 

How ETFs and mutual funds are different








ETFs




MUTUAL FUNDS








Buying & selling




ETFs
You can only buy and sell ETFs through a brokerage account.
Expand your portfolio with a Vanguard Brokerage Account




MUTUAL FUNDS
You can buy and sell mutual funds through your Vanguard mutual fund account.







Trading & pricing




ETFs
You can trade ETFs on the major stock exchanges anytime during the trading day. Their prices will fluctuate throughout the day just like stocks.



MUTUAL FUNDS
Mutual fund shares are priced once a day after the markets close.







Transaction costs




ETFs
You won't pay any commissions to trade Vanguard ETFs in a Vanguard Brokerage Account.*There's an unavoidable cost when trading individual stocks, bonds, and ETFs known as the bid-ask spread.



MUTUAL FUNDS
In most circumstances, there are no transaction costs when you buy and sell your mutual fund shares at Vanguard.**







Automatic investing




ETFs
There's no automatic investment option for ETFs.



MUTUAL FUNDS
Invest your savings on a regular schedule by moving money directly from your bank account into your Vanguard accounts or set up automatic transfers from one Vanguard fund to another.
Put your savings on autopilot








Minimum investment




ETFs
You can buy an ETF for the cost of a single share, which can vary throughout the trading day.
See a complete list of Vanguard ETFs




MUTUAL FUNDS
You can invest in a Vanguard mutual fund with as little as $1,000.†
See a complete list of Vanguard mutual funds







Open a brokerage accountWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 888-241-1395
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 888-992-8327
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Compare a Vanguard ETF® to a similar mutual fund

Get answers to common ETF questions





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Bid-ask spread







The difference between the price a buyer is willing to pay (bid) for a security and the seller's offering (asking) price.




Return to main page








footnote*Trading limits, fund expenses, and minimum investments may apply.
footnote**Some purchase and redemption fees may apply, depending on the fund and how long you've held the investment.
footnote†The minimum initial investment for Vanguard Target Retirement Funds and Vanguard STAR Fund is $1,000. A $3,000 minimum applies to most other funds. Fund-specific details are provided in each fund profile.
You must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares through Vanguard Brokerage Services (we offer them commission-free) or through another broker (which may charge commissions). See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for limits. Vanguard ETF Shares are not redeemable directly with the issuing fund other than in very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. ETFs are subject to market volatility. When buying or selling an ETF, you will pay or receive the current market price, which may be more or less than net asset value.











CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01































ETF - exchange traded funds - overview | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard ETFs
 










					Learn about ETFs



					Get the Vanguard ETF advantage



					Choose your ETFs



					Pick an account type



					Open your brokerage account online







ETF investing can add flexibility to your portfolio
Get more control over your investments while enjoying the same benefits as mutual funds.



EXPLORE ALL OUR ETFs
Bond ETFs

Stock ETFs

International ETFs

Sector ETFs


What is an ETF?



The simplest definition of an exchange-traded fund, or ETF, is that it's an investment that's built like a mutual fund but trades like an individual stock.The most common ETFs are designed to track the performance of a market benchmark, or "index."

Enjoy the same built-in benefits of mutual funds








Diversification
One fund can hold potentially hundreds—sometimes thousands—of individual stocks and bonds, which helps spread out risk.
 




Professional management
You don't have to keep track of every single investment your ETF owns. The fund is managed by fund experts who take care of that for you.
 

Get more control with ETFs—at lower costs








While ETFs are in many ways the same as mutual funds, there are some features that make them unique.Trading flexibility
ETFs offer you the same intraday pricing you get when trading stocks and bonds through a broker on a major stock exchange.Lower cost
Funds that track an index, like ETFs and index mutual funds, generally offer lower expense ratios than conventional mutual funds.Tax savings
Like index mutual funds, ETFs are typically more tax-efficient, which could translate into tax savings for you.Lower minimums
You can buy an ETF for as low as the cost of one share—giving you the opportunity to start investing in a diversified investment with less money.
See how low-cost, commission-free ETFs are just the start

Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds

Compare ETFs vs. mutual funds

Get details on costs & minimums for Vanguard ETFs®

 

Consider your ETF options








Find out how ETFs can fit into your overall investment strategy. You can use them to create a complete portfolio or add them to an already diversified portfolio.
Build an ETF portfolio that can help you reach your goals

 




Once you've chosen your ETFs, it's easy to open your account.
Open your brokerage account in a few steps

 





Open a brokerage accountWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 888-241-1395
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 888-992-8327
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INVESTOR EDUCATION

Define your goals & have a plan for achieving them

See how 9 model portfolios have performed in the past
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Get answers to common ETF questions 





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








You must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares through Vanguard Brokerage Services (we offer them commission-free) or through another broker (which may charge commissions). See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for limits. Vanguard ETF Shares are not redeemable directly with the issuing fund other than in very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. ETFs are subject to market volatility. When buying or selling an ETF, you will pay or receive the current market price, which may be more or less than net asset value.

	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01






















	Horizons ETFs - About Us

























































































FAQ Contact
 Colombia
SP












Menu 
Frequently Asked Questions

Contact

Authorized Participants

About Us


Alpha

 

Benchmark

 

Betapro

 


ETF

 





×

Login
Register











Email Address:

Please enter a user name



Password:







Login







Forgot password?






Login with Linkedin





Register for your free account and gain access to your "My ETFs" watch list. Located on the top panel of the Horizons ETFs website, "My ETFs" allows you to conveniently view pricing and NAV information about selected ETFs across all of your devices. All personal information is secure and will not be shared.

First name:






Last name:






Email:






Password:





Please enter a password







 I would like to sign up for Horizons ETFs emails covering news, ETF launches, webinars and more. I understand I can withdraw my consent at any time.
					




 I am an advisor












Register





















About Us

Horizons ETFs Management (LATAM) LLC is an investment advisory firm that oversees the development of the Horizons-branded investment products in Latin America. Its affiliate Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. ("HEMI") acts as Portfolio Manager to the various exchange traded funds listed below:
Fondo Bursátil Horizons Colombia Select de S&P, an exchange traded fund domiciled in Colombia, established according to provisions set out in Decree 2555 of 2010, Republic of Colombia, whose participation units listed on the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia (BVC), under the ticker symbol HCOLSEL.
Fondo Bursátil Horizons Colombia Select de S&P (HCOLSEL)
Fondo Bursátil Horizons Colombia Select de S&P (“Horizons Colombia Select”) seeks investment results that, before fees and expenses, are comparable to the S&P Colombia Select Index (the “Index”), which is designed to track the performance of the largest and most liquid stocks listed on the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia (“BVC”).
Horizons Colombia Select offers investors:
• Low-cost ETF offering diversification, liquidity and transparency
• Exposure to the largest and most liquid stocks on the BVC
• Index designed and calculated by Standard & Poor’s – the largest index provider in the world
• Broad diversification with issuer and sector concentration limits
S&P Colombia Select Index
Created and calculated by Standard & Poor’s, one of the world’s most recognized index providers, the Colombia Select Index is designed to be a sector diversified benchmark index of the Colombia equity market.
Key Features:
• No single stock will have more than a 15 per cent weight in the Index, thereby reducing single stock risk
• Sector weights are capped at 40 per cent to reduce sector concentration and allow for greater sector diversification
• Robust liquidity screens reduce ETF replication constraints (i.e. can efficiently accommodate large-dollar orders)
• As the Colombian stock market grows, so can the number of holdings in the index to reflect this changing landscape
• Independent S&P committee oversees the management and policies of the Index
• Price, net and total-return versions of the Index available in both USD and COP
• Constituents restricted to Colombian domiciled companies listed on the BVC
• The Index uses an industry classification scheme which allows investors to compare global securities
Participation units of Horizons Colombia Select trade on the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia (BVC) just like ordinary stocks, at any time throughout the regular trading day, Monday to Friday, except on non-trading days. The BVC maintains a schedule of trading hours and non-trading days on its Internet site (click here). Investors outside of Colombia can buy and sell participation units as long as they have access to the BVC through a registered broker or dealer in compliance with the requirements set out by the Bank of the Republic of Colombia for such investors.
Fiduciaria Bogotá S.A. (Fidubogotá) acts as the Management Company of the Fondo Bursátil Horizons Colombia Select de S&P.
Management Company
Fiduciaria Bogotá S.A. - Fiduciaria Bogotá S.A. (Fidubogotá) is a subsidiary of BANCO DE BOGOTA and is a member of Grupo AVAL. It was established in September 1991 and it is a leader in fiduciary products and services. Fidubogotá provides strong local market knowledge, excellent good will and a range of fiduciary capabilities that few other Colombian trust companies can provide. Fidubogotá delivers integrated solutions to its clients with one of the most experienced and well known fiduciary services team, offering one of the widest range of local products available.
Portfolio Manager
Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc.
Exchange
Bolsa de Valores de Colombia
The Horizons ETFs Group
Horizons ETFs Management (LATAM) LLC and Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. are members of the Horizons ETFs Group. The Horizons ETFs Group consists of innovative financial services companies offering regional families of ETFs in Canada, Korea, Hong Kong, Australia, the United States and Colombia. Currently, all of the ETFs offered by these companies use the Horizons ETFs’ brand with the exception of the ‘BetaShares’ family of ETFs in Australia and the ‘Mirae Asset Tiger ETFs’ family in Korea. All of the Horizons ETFs Group companies and affiliates are subsidiaries of Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd.
Mirae Asset Global Investments
Mirae Asset Global Investments is one of the world’s largest investment managers in emerging market equities (Investments & Pensions Europe, January 2014). With approximately 570 employees, including 124 dedicated investment professionals, Mirae Asset offers a breadth of emerging markets expertise. Mirae Asset’s offices are located in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Korea, Taiwan, the U.K., the United States and Vietnam. Headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, the firm manages assets globally through a diversified platform to offer market-leading franchises in traditional equity and fixed income products, ETFs and alternative strategies, such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds.











© 2016 Horizons Exchange Traded Funds Inc.










The obligations of the respective Management Company of each exchange traded fund (“ETF”), and the Portfolio Manager, Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. (“HEMI”), responsible for managing the portfolios, are ones of due diligence and in no case of guaranteed performance for Investors. The assets and funds supplied by Investors to the Authorized Participants for participation in the ETFs are not deposits nor do they generate for the Stock Brokerage Companies, the Management Companies or the Portfolio Manager, the obligations of a deposit institution and are not covered by the deposit insurance of the Guarantee Funds of Financial Institutions, FOGAFIN, nor by any other scheme of this nature.

Investments in the ETFs are subject, among others, to market risk resulting from fluctuations in the prices of the assets of each respective ETF portfolio. Diversification cannot protect against market risk. Securities concentrated in a single country or a single region or sector may be subject to greater volatility. Other kinds of risks are also associated with the investments described in the Rules and in the Prospectus of each ETF. Investors may access these Rules through the respective Management Company’s website. Furthermore, a printed version of the Rules is available at the offices of the respective Management Company and at the offices of the Authorized Participants.

HEMI is a member of Mirae Asset Financial Group, which collectively has more than $50 Billion in assets under management.

Please see the ETF website pages for disclosure regarding applicable registered trademarks and the licensing of such trademarks.

The automatic registration of the Documents Representing the Shares of each ETF in the National Registry of Securities and Issuers, in accordance with the terms of Article 5.2.2.1.3 of Decree 2555, does not imply certification of the Colombian Financial Superintendency regarding the profitability of any ETF nor the security of the investments.

The Colombian Financial Superintendency advises potential investors that the ETFs are products involving risk, therefore, when making any decision to invest, Investors must read all the information carefully and must ensure they understand it correctly and adequately, without prejudice to the responsibilities of Stock Brokerage Companies as set out in Decree 2555.

Potential investors must read the Prospectus and the Rules to adequately evaluate the appropriateness of the investment.

The inscription of the Documents Representing the Shares in the National Securities and Issuers Registry does not imply any qualifications or responsibilities on behalf of the Colombian Financial Superintendency towards individuals or legal entities regarding the price, value or negotiability of the security or the respective issuance, or the solvency of the issuer.

The registration of the Documents Representing the Shares in the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia S.A. does not imply certification regarding the price or the negotiability of the securities or their issuing or the solvency of the issuer by the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia.








The obligations of the respective Management Company of each exchange traded fund (“ETF”), and the Portfolio Manager, Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. (“HEMI”), responsible for managing the portfolios, are ones of due diligence and in no case of guaranteed performance for Investors. The assets and funds supplied by Investors to the Authorized Participants for participation in the ETFs are not deposits nor do they generate for the Stock Brokerage Companies, the Management Companies or the Portfolio Manager, the obligations of a deposit institution and are not covered by the deposit insurance of the Guarantee Funds of Financial Institutions, FOGAFIN, nor by any other scheme of this nature.

Investments in the ETFs are subject, among others, to market risk resulting from fluctuations in the prices of the assets of each respective ETF portfolio. Diversification cannot protect against market risk. Securities concentrated in a single country or a single region or sector may be subject to greater volatility. Other kinds of risks are also associated with the investments described in the Rules and in the Prospectus of each ETF. Investors may access these Rules through the respective Management Company’s website. Furthermore, a printed version of the Rules is available at the offices of the respective Management Company and at the offices of the Authorized Participants.

HEMI is a member of Mirae Asset Financial Group, which collectively has more than $50 Billion in assets under management.

Please see the ETF website pages for disclosure regarding applicable registered trademarks and the licensing of such trademarks.

The automatic registration of the Documents Representing the Shares of each ETF in the National Registry of Securities and Issuers, in accordance with the terms of Article 5.2.2.1.3 of Decree 2555, does not imply certification of the Colombian Financial Superintendency regarding the profitability of any ETF nor the security of the investments.

The Colombian Financial Superintendency advises potential investors that the ETFs are products involving risk, therefore, when making any decision to invest, Investors must read all the information carefully and must ensure they understand it correctly and adequately, without prejudice to the responsibilities of Stock Brokerage Companies as set out in Decree 2555.

Potential investors must read the Prospectus and the Rules to adequately evaluate the appropriateness of the investment.

The inscription of the Documents Representing the Shares in the National Securities and Issuers Registry does not imply any qualifications or responsibilities on behalf of the Colombian Financial Superintendency towards individuals or legal entities regarding the price, value or negotiability of the security or the respective issuance, or the solvency of the issuer.

The registration of the Documents Representing the Shares in the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia S.A. does not imply certification regarding the price or the negotiability of the securities or their issuing or the solvency of the issuer by the Bolsa de Valores de Colombia.






















