








George R. Hornig - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















George R. Hornig
Board Member at Forrester Research, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you George R. Hornig? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George R. Hornig's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in George R. Hornig's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George R. Hornig's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George R. Hornig through your network of contacts.
												








George R. Hornig's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Forrester Research, Inc.


Past
To view George R. Hornig's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


George R. Hornig's Biography



George R. Hornig, age 62, a Class II director, became a director of Forrester in November 1996. Mr. Hornig is the Chief Executive Officer of Transatlantic Financial Holdings, a private financial services-focused investment company.  From November 2010 until October 2016, Mr. Hornig was Senior Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of PineBridge Investments, an independent investment advisor.  From 2006 until November 2010, Mr. Hornig was Managing Director and Co-Chief Operating Officer of Asset Management and the head of Asset Management Americas at Credit Suisse, a global financial services firm, and from 1999-2006, he was the Managin ...
(Read More)

			George R. Hornig, age 62, a Class II director, became a director of Forrester in November 1996. Mr. Hornig is the Chief Executive Officer of Transatlantic Financial Holdings, a private financial services-focused investment company.  From November 2010 until October 2016, Mr. Hornig was Senior Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of PineBridge Investments, an independent investment advisor.  From 2006 until November 2010, Mr. Hornig was Managing Director and Co-Chief Operating Officer of Asset Management and the head of Asset Management Americas at Credit Suisse, a global financial services firm, and from 1999-2006, he was the Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Alternative Investments at Credit Suisse. We believe Mr. Hornig's qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his three decades of finance and management experience in the investment banking and private equity business.
		
Source: Forrester Research, Inc. on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George R. Hornig's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like George R. Hornig. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in George R. Hornig's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George R. Hornig's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George R. Hornig through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: George R. Hornig


















George R. Hornig's Connections (72)





Sign up now to view George R. Hornig's 72 connections »









Steven P. Peltzman
Chief Business Technology Officer, Forrester Research, Inc.









George F. Colony
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, Forrester Research, Inc.









Gail S. Mann
Former Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Forrester Research, Inc.









Dennis van Lingen
Former Chief Product Officer, Forrester Research, Inc.









Michael Morhardt
Former Chief Sales Officer, Forrester Research, Inc.









Clifford Condon
Chief Research and Product Officer, Forrester Research, Inc.









Lucia L. Quinn
Chief People Officer, Forrester Research, Inc.









Michael A. Doyle
Chief Financial Officer, Forrester Research, Inc.









Robert M. Galford
Board Member, Forrester Research, Inc.









Gretchen G. Teichgraeber
Board Member, Forrester Research, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















George Hornig, Pinebridge Investments Europe Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  































Feedback





George Hornig

Chairman/COO/Executive Dir,
Pinebridge Investments Europe Ltd






Career History




Chairman/COO/Executive Dir
Pinebridge Investments Europe Ltd, 3/2011-PRESENT


Director
Pinebridge Investments Asia Ltd, 2/2011-PRESENT


Co-Founder
Wasserstein Perella & Co, 1991-PRESENT


Senior Managing Director/COO
Pinebridge Investments LLC, 4/2016-10/2016


Chief Operating Officer
Pinebridge Investments LLC, 11/2010-4/2016


Managing Dir/Co-COO:Asset Mgmt
Credit Suisse AG, 2006-2010


Managing Director/COO
Credit Suisse AG, 1999-2006


Exec VP/COO:Americas
Deutsche Bank, FORMER


COO/Co-Founder
Wasserstein Perella & Co, FORMER



First Boston Corp, FORMER


Attorney
Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom LLP, FORMER


Investment Banker
CSFB, FORMER


Investment Banker/Co-Founder
Wasserstein Perella & Co, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Harvard College
Bachelor's Degree, Economics


Harvard Business School
MBA


Harvard Law School
JD


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Unity Mutual Life Insur Co


Board Member, PRESENT




US Health Group


Board Member, PRESENT




Office Tiger LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Kbl Merger Corp IV


Chairman, PRESENT




Skybridge Capital


Board Member, 1/2017-PRESENT




Xometry Inc


Board Member, 11/2015-PRESENT




Pinebridge Investments Europe Ltd


Chairman, 3/2011-PRESENT




Cleantech Group Inc


Board Member, 2010-PRESENT




Forrester Research Inc


Board Member, 11/1996-PRESENT



Show More





Other Memberships




Brooklyn Academy of Music


Board Member




Riverkeeper


Board Member




Illiquid Council


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































George R Hornig - New York, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found George R Hornig in New York, NY


George R Hornig

                                                                           Intelius found that George R Hornig  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from New York, NY.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                12 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

George Joan Hornig


Get Report Now

Age

George R Hornig is in his 60s

George Has Lived In

New York, NY
Water Mill, NY
Cambridge, MA

George's Relatives

Jessica Hornig
Julia Hornig
Joan Hornig
Rory Riggs







George R Hornig



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Managing Director at Pinebridge Investments



Get Report Now










Want to know more about George? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about George, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on George R Hornig
Get a Criminal Check on George R Hornig
Get a Public Record Report on George R Hornig
Get a People Search Report on George R Hornig


George R Hornig's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where George R Hornig has lived as well as George R Hornig's phone numbers and email addresses.




George R Hornig Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for George R Hornig


1435 L******** A** 

New York, NY


Has Lived In

New York, NY
Water Mill, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with George R Hornig

(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Water Mill, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with George R Hornig

g*****g@***.com
g*****g@***.com
g*****g@***.com


Get Email Report




George R Hornig's Professional Information
Information regarding George R Hornig's professional history.  Find out previous places George R Hornig has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George R Hornig Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Pinebridge Investments
               Title: Senior Managing Director
Company: Pinebridge Investments
               Title: Director and Chief Operating Officer
George R Hornig's Experience
Title: Senior Managing Director
               Company: Pinebridge Investments
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Director and Chief Operating Officer
               Company: Pinebridge Investments
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on George R Hornig

 See George R Hornig's LinkedIn Profile



George R Hornig's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for George R Hornig


George R Hornig's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of George R Hornig's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
George Hornig
Username Matches

                  GeorgeHornig
                  HornigGeorge
                  George.Hornig
                  Hornig.George
                  George_Hornig
                  Hornig_George
                  George-Hornig
                  Hornig-George
                  GHornig
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Hornig







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 




A Couple’s Estate on the East End of Long Island - The New York Times
























































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Travel|Trying to Corner the Market on Charity







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Travel
| Away 
Trying to Corner the Market on Charity

By KATHRYN SHATTUCKAPRIL 22, 2010



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Joan and George Hornig near the barn being renovated. 

Credit
            Doug Kuntz for The New York Times        



WATER MILL, N.Y.SOME streets are paved with gold, some roads with good intentions. The path across the Oriental rug in Joan and George Hornig’s Park Avenue master suite is strewn with both and sprinkled with green amethysts,  whiskey  tourmalines and South Sea pearls. “I design my jewelry on our bedroom floor, which makes it nearly impossible to maneuver,” said Ms. Hornig, the visionary behind a line of eye-popping baubles whose profits are donated to charity. “I’m always yelling at George not to step on the diamonds.”Out at the Hornigs’ weekend home in this plummy  hamlet on the East End of Long Island, the only obstacle course is the construction site out back, where on a recent Sunday Ms. Hornig could be found sidestepping puddles and piles of lumber in dainty ostrich-skin mules.From the street the 6,100-square-foot shingled structure, built around 1900, looked like any other grand dwelling snuggled against Flying Point Lane across from Burnett Creek, which flows to Mecox Bay.But behind the house, something akin to a village was undergoing final preparations for a Memorial Day unveiling. Three guest cottages and a five-car garage stood in the footprints of their dilapidated ancestors. Nearby a majestically weathered barn — the last of its kind south of Highway 27, its owners said — awaited its transformation into party central.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“We believe in entertaining,” said Ms. Hornig, a onetime Wall Street executive whose soirées for luminaries like Barack Obama, then a presidential candidate, and former President Bill Clinton are treated to splashy play on newyorksocialdiary.com. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





“Where others say, ‘Come, but leave your visitors at home,’ I say, ‘Come — and bring your houseguests.’ ”The Hornigs arrived in Water Mill in 2001 after nearly 20 summers in a Bridgehampton house they snagged for $11,500 down and sold for $1.1 million.With two rambunctious daughters, Julia and Jessica, now college age and old enough that their parents are already fantasizing about their weddings — in the barn of course — the couple wanted “to get into the best beach for young children,”  Ms. Hornig said. “Water Mill seemed established, and it had big trees.” Lore has it that their property’s five impressive lindens are from Africa, washed ashore in 1876 from a shipwreck carrying botanical samples.They bought their dwelling — originally part of a larger boarding house on what was Quality Farm, owned by the Burnett family whose named is plastered around town — under the provision that they retain a longtime handyman until his retirement. Eventually he helped them acquire a waterfront strip, edged in tall grasses and climbing roses. The purchase of an additional wedge of property in 2005 brought their investment to $4 million.The invitation to Camp Hornig, as its patriarch — an investment banker  and a triathlete — likes to call it, might include tennis at courts sunken into an apple orchard or kayaking out to the Atlantic from the dock across the road.It might be for a fund-raiser for Riverkeeper, the environmental group of which Mr. Hornig is a director, with Hampton blondes like Christie Brinkley meandering across four acres punctuated by Japanese anemones, daphne and peonies shaded by stone walls and a pergola woven with purple wisteria.Or it might be for entrée into Ms. Hornig’s salon on the veranda of the main house, with writers and artists holding court, and guests encouraged to converse on topics like politics and religion that typically zip lips in polite company.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Rooms are spacious and casually elegant, the better for mingling, and united by veins of blue and red. Walls are hung deep with rotating artwork: East End oils by Wolf Kahn, children’s paintings once installed at  the Museum of Modern Art,  portraits by a Rhode Island School of Design student turned waitress.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




“Everything in the house is designed for comfort,” Ms. Hornig said. “Nothing is off limits. We think it’s a crime if you have something and don’t use it. It’s not supposed to be a museum.”A spa, perhaps. In the designated guest room, hotel-quality bathrobes and Flying Point blankets, stockpiled by Mr. Hornig and free for the pilfering, are laid out on the bed. Instructors lead yoga classes on the bluestone patio around the L-shaped pool and water aerobics in it. Not feeling energetic? The Hornigs will offer one of their cars for those who prefer shopping.Whatever the occasion, there’s a plug — always — for Ms. Horning’s wares that have found favor with the young Hollywood set, like Katherine Heigl, Zoe Saldana, Miley Cyrus and Hayden Panettiere.Since 2003 the Joan B. Hornig Foundation has donated 100 percent of the profits from its jewelry, sold at Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus, to a charity of the buyer’s choice. (On a $15,000 gold waffle cuff the take would be about $3,000 after costs for artisans and materials are paid and stores receive their cut.) So far, she said, around $1 million has been given to more than 600 organizations.Ms. Hornig, who operates under the philosophy “Philanthropy is a lifestyle” and the trademark “Philanthropy Is Beautiful,” makes no bones about her mission to become a bigger brand name: “I want to be the Harry & David-meets-iTunes-meets-Hallmark for charity. I want to be the conduit to make giving easy and pleasurable, to reinforcing that it can be done in pennies as well as hundreds and thousands and millions. I want everyone to participate. I want it to be regular.”She has inscribed her mantras on trivets (“Philanthropy Begins at Home”) and mouse pads (“Philanthropy at Work”) and has plans for reusable grocery bags (“Philanthropy Renews”) and maternity T-shirts (“One More Push for Philanthropy”). “Philanthropy Sounds Beautiful,” a song-of-the-month club in the making, was spun out of work on antiviolence campaigns with Harry Belafonte.It’s all part of a promise that Ms. Hornig made 35 years ago, when she vowed to give back 100 percent of her earnings by the time she was 50 after transferring to Harvard to join her future husband.“I was certain I would have a good life with my education,” she said.She plans to celebrate her 55th birthday on May 22 with a soirée of “urban entertainment” overseen by Tariq Alexander of the System Within, another pet project, which finances projects to showcase aspiring performers and those who work behind the scenes.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

In her Upper East Side aerie with its sweeping views, Ms. Hornig has the world at her fingertips, or at least a tap of her iPhone.Water Mill, snail-paced and insular, with far fewer late-night dining options, “is a different kind of precious and rare,” she said. “This takes much more effort than New York City. This is much closer to what is normal life.”Not that Ms. Horning was complaining — no, not at all. “There is something refreshing about doing some planning,” she said, exhaling.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage







slideshow




Camp Hornig
APRIL 29, 2011
























Related Coverage







Camp Hornig
APRIL 29, 2011





slideshow











What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
























 


George Hornig | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




George HornigSenior Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer at PineBridge InvestmentsLocationNew York, New YorkIndustryInvestment ManagementCurrentPineBridge InvestmentsPreviousCredit Suisse Asset Management, Deutsche Bank AmericasEducationHarvard Business School500+ connectionsView George’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View George’s Full ProfileExperienceSenior Managing Director and Chief Operating OfficerPineBridge InvestmentsNovember 2010  –  Present (6 years 9 months)Managing Director and Chief Operating  OfficerCredit Suisse Asset ManagementNovember 1999  –  October 2010 (11 years)Executive Vice PresidentDeutsche Bank AmericasApril 1993  –  October 1999 (6 years 7 months)SkillsAsset ManagementAlternative InvestmentsHedge FundsInvestment BankingOrganizational LeadershipPrivate EquityInvestmentsValuationHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationHarvard Business SchoolMaster of Business Administration (MBA)Master of Business Administration (MBA)1977  –  1980Harvard Law SchoolJ.D.J.D.1976  –  1980Harvard CollegeA.B., EconomicsA.B., Economics1972  –  1976View George’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact George directlyView George’s Full ProfileNot the George you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedJulian SluytersChief Operating Officer at PineBridge InvestmentsDaniel MillmanChief Operating Officer, Turner Impact CapitalKristin AgatoneChief Investment Officer, Lehigh UniversityJaynita SodhiMichael M. Janson--Palmer GarsonManaging Director at Silvercrest Asset ManagementGregory GetschowManaging Director at Fortress Investment GroupDavid GirouxManaging Director at PineBridge InvestmentsRichard Kurthmanaging director at silvermine capThomas HughesManaging Director at InvescoPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different George HornigFirst NameLast NameExample:  George HornigGeorge HornigManufacturing and Logistics SupervisorUnited StatesMore professionals named George HornigJobs similar to George’sPineBridge Investments jobsLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country





































George Hornig - Riverkeeper
























































 







  

















News & Events

Press
Blogs
Events

Riverkeeper Events




Campaigns & Cases

Stop Polluters
Protect River Ecology
Safeguard Drinking Water
Restore & Protect NYC Waterways
Drink Tap Water
Support Policy Solutions


Hudson River

Basics
History
Protection
Hudson River Journey


NYC Watershed

Basics
History
Protection
Public Access


Water Quality

Water Quality Program
Hudson River Estuary Data
Tributary and Waterfront Data
Water Quality Reports & Research Tools
Drinking Source Water Protection Scorecard
New York Tap Water
Pharmaceuticals


GetInvolved

Become a Member
Make A Donation
Stay Informed
Volunteer Opportunities
Report A Pollution Violation
Take Action
Minimize Your Impact
Attend Our Events
Shop to Support Us


AboutUs

Our Story
Our Methods
Our Team
Our Board
Our Advisory Board & Councils
Our Allies
Publications
Financials
Jobs


 












NY's Clean Water Advocate










About Us


Our Story

Timeline
A Brief History


Our Methods

Enforcement & Litigation

Our Partners


Patrol Boat
Policy & Legislation
Community Engagement


Our Team

Paul Gallay
Elizabeth Allee
Jen Benson
Krista Birenkrant
Deborah Brown
Ramona Cearley
Gwendolyn Chambers
Jeremy Cherson
Maggie Coulter
Sean Dixon
Erin Doran
Mike Dulong
Jennifer Epstein
Neale Gulley
Monica Gutierrez
John Lipscomb
Robin Meadows
Emma Myers
Kristie Nilsson
Ryan Nuckel
Linde E. T. Ostro, PhD
Leah Rae
Chrissy Remein
Dan Shapley
Cliff Weathers
Richard Webster
William Wegner
Sarah Womer


Our Board

Joe Boren
Jonathan Spanier
Paul Gallay
David Ansel
Carolyn Marks Blackwood
Maria Castaneda
Kate Sinding Daly
Justin Derfner
Hamilton Fish
Nicholas Groombridge
David Kowitz
Dale Kutnick
John T. Moore
Camilo Patrignani
Kristie Pellecchia
Mackin Pulsifer
David Reilly
Michael Richter
Ernest Tollerson
Leslie Williams
Paul Zofnass
Christine Churchill
Toren Kutnick
Ronald A. DeSilva
George Hornig
Henry Lewis Kingsley
Richard Knabel


Our Advisory Board & Councils

Advisory Board

Ramsay Adams
Eddie Bautista
Terence Boylan
Elyse Arnow Brill
Al Butzel
Christine Churchill
Deborah Meyer DeWan
Bob Elliott
Irvine D. Flinn
Joy James
Lyn Leone
Timon Malloy
Dr. Wade McGillis
Mary McNamara
Allen Monks
Steve Nack
Eric Nevin
Ren Plastina
Jennifer Petrozzo
David Redden
Nicholas A. Robinson
James Salmon
Steven Toff
Ann Tonetti
Evan Van Hook
Charles S. Warren
Richard Zimmerman


Leadership Council

Eileen Fisher
Alex Herzan
Ellen Kozak
Susan Luciano
Connie Sargent
Rebecca Cheeks Soule, PhD


Junior Council

Toren Kutnick
Joseph Buchheit
Eliza Fish
Ginny Johnson
John Koblinsky




Our Allies
Publications

Reports
The Journal


Financials
Jobs







About Us > Our Board > George Hornig
George Hornig 
Emeritus

George Hornig is a Senior Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer at PineBridge Investments with responsibilities over the global Alternative Investments business. He is also Head of Asset Management Americas. He is a member of the Asset Management Management Committee.
Mr. Hornig rejoined Credit Suisse First Boston in November 1999 from Deutsche Bank where he worked for seven years as an Executive Vice President, responsible for that company’s administration and operations in the Americas. Prior to that, he worked at Wasserstein Perella where he served as Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer. Previously, he worked at First Boston as a banker in the firm’s M&A group during much of the 1980s.
Mr. Hornig holds an A.B., M.B.A. and J.D. from Harvard University.
 
 
 

Campaigns & Cases
Defend the Hudson:

Stop Polluters
Preserve River Ecology



NYC Watershed:

Safeguard Drinking Water
Drink Tap Water




Support Policy Solutions


 
 


 



Stay in Touch and Up To Date







Site designed and developed by Social Ink

 
 





















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






	60MG Trademark of George Hornig. Serial Number: 86120853 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Houseware and Glass Products
60MG










 
Get FREE email alerts













60MG  Trademark Information
 George Hornig
Glassware, porcelain, and earthenware, namely, cups, mugs, and plates
Men's, women's and children's clothing and fashion accessories, namely, dresses, coats, shorts, shirts, dress shirts, pants, dress pants, jeans, sweaters, jackets, suits, tuxedos, dinner jackets, t-shirts, blouses, knit tops, vests, wind resistant jackets, sweatshirts, sweatpants, ski jackets, belts, gloves, scarves, pajamas, robes, underwear, undershirts; footwear, headwear, ties, caps, and hats




Perfect for these industries

Houseware and Glass Products
Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
glassware      porcelain      earthenware         cups      mugs      plates    
                                    




This is a brand page for the 60MG trademark by George Hornig 
                                in New York, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this 60MG trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner George Hornig of the 60MG trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the 60MG trademark.
                           






On Saturday, November 16, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        60MG by 
                        George Hornig, New York, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the 60MG 
                        trademark serial  number of  86120853.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for 60MG is 
                        
                        
                                            HECTOR BALDONADO, ESQ. of 
                                            THE BALDONADO GROUP, P.C.,  515 MADISON AVE FL 6, NEW YORK, NY 10022-5403 
                                .
                            The 60MG trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Houseware and Glass Products
                                , 
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for 60MG 
                            is Glassware, porcelain, and earthenware, namely, cups, mugs, and plates. 
                            





Word mark:
 60MG


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/15/2014



  Serial Number:  
86120853


  Filing Date:  
11/16/2013


 Registration Number:  
4567399 


 Registration Date:  
7/15/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Glassware, porcelain, and earthenware, namely, cups, mugs, and plates


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/29/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

George HornigNew York, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


HECTOR BALDONADO, ESQ.
THE BALDONADO GROUP, P.C.
515 MADISON AVE FL 6
NEW YORK, NY 10022-5403






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (021) - Household or kitchen utensils and containers; combs and sponges; brushes (except paint brushes); brush-making materials; articles for cleaning purposes; steel-wool; unworked or semi-worked glass (except glass used in building); glassware, porcelain and earthenware not included in other classes. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/23/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
7/1/2013




Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/18/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
7/1/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your 60MG trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/15/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



HECTOR BALDONADO, ESQ.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of 60MG trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search 60mg on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for 60MG 




60MG is providing Glassware, porcelain, and earthenware, namely, cups, mugs, and plates.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 

























 






George Hornig | Financial Advisor in New York, New York








 








 






  vsddsxavezedafcdzcacrrwtzeabtv






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					George Hornig				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationMoreDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








George Hornig



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















George Hornig New York, New York

 






Pinebridge SecuritiesBroker26 years of experience4 exams passed0 disclosures  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewGeorge Ronald Hornig is a financial advisor employed by Pinebridge Securities in New York, New York. With over 26 years of experience and 4 exams passed, George maintains the following registrations:BrokerMr. Hornig is registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:1817508Independent Contractor:NoState RegistrationsFinancial advisors must register with each state in which they conduct business. Below is a record of each state where George Hornig maintains an active registration.View a sortable list of all financial advisors located in:New York (112,919 advisors)New York City (82,492 advisors)

Click here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent Firm


Pinebridge Securities, LLC (CRD# 5967)This financial advisor is employed by a firm that also participates in certain broker dealer activities involving the purchase and sale of securities. More details about the 1 types of brokerage activities can be found below.years in business7 yearstotal disclosures0




Securities Sales



Other Activities






Market Making



Underwriting & Syndication



More detailed information about Pinebridge Securities, LLC can be found on Credio's Broker Dealers website, which has unique data on 4,282 FINRA registered brokerage firms.


Work History

FirmLocationStart DateEnd DateIDIndividual CRD #Pinebridge Securities, LLCNew York, NYApril 2011Pinebridge Securities, LLCNew York, NYNovember 2010Pinebridge Securities, LLCNew York, NYNovember 2010November 2010Credit Suisse Asset Management Securities, Inc.New York, NYJuly 2009October 2010Credit Suisse Securities (USA), LLCNew York, NYNovember 1999October 2010Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.New York, NYMay 1993August 1999Dubin & Swieca Securities, Inc.New York, NYNovember 1991April 1993Wasserstein Perella & Co., Inc.New York, NYFebruary 1988October 1991

Other AdvisorsAdvisors at Pinebridge SecuritiesAdvisors in New YorkAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at Pinebridge Securities



Above is a partial list of advisors working at Pinebridge Securities. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,207 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at Pinebridge Securities, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  Pinebridge Securities >>Advisors in New York



See all Advisors in  New York >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >> 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor Certification

Exam CodeName And TypeExam DateGradeIDIndividual CRD #Series 3vsddsxavezedafcdzcacrrwtzeabtvNational Commodity Features Examination
General Industry/ProductFebruary 7, 1992PassedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawSeptember 10, 1991PassedSeries 24General Securities Principal Examination
Principal/SupervisoryAugust 9, 1991PassedSeries 7General Securities Representative Examination
General Industry/ProductJuly 19, 1991Passed

More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website.See all  Financial Exams  >> 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.George Hornig had no reported disclosure events as of the most recent filing submitted to FINRA.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#1817508) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >> 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationGeorge Hornig - New York, New York



Address
399 Park Avenue4th FloorNew York,  New York 10022United States





Main Phone
(646) 857-8132
 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,207 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in New York, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in New York  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>Data updated on November 7, 2015 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 

  HP Goldfield's 60th Birthday Party 




































    
















   
         






Parties
See More







Read More

July 17, 2017
Parrish Art Museum's 2017 Midsummer Party



Read More

July 17, 2017
HAMPTONS Dinner with Cover Star Karolina Kurkova



Read More

July 17, 2017
26th Annual Summer Gala in Sag Harbor

















People
See More







Read More

July 19, 2017
Video: Behind the Scenes with Katie Lee



Read More

July 18, 2017
Christie Brinkley Spills on Her Favorite Workout Spot in the Hamptons and Her Foray into the Wine World



Read More

July 17, 2017
Caitlyn Jenner Talks About Her New Book, Trump, and The Advice She'd Give Her Younger Self

















Food & Drink
See More







Read More

July 20, 2017
Aldo Sohm Tells Us How and Where to Drink in the Hamptons This Season



Read More

July 18, 2017
Where to Find the Best Grab-And-Go Sandwiches on the East End



Read More

July 17, 2017
Summer Steak-Cation: How to Have a Romantic Backyard Dinner for Two This Season in the Hamptons, Presented by New York Prime Beef

















Home & Real Estate
See More







Read More

July 21, 2017
Five Ways to Upgrade Your Backyard



Read More

July 18, 2017
Designer Robert McKinley Dishes on His Latest Montauk Project



Read More

July 14, 2017
Real Estate Experts Discuss the Upcoming Trends in the Youth Market

















Style & Beauty
See More







Read More

July 20, 2017
Everything You Need to Know about the Goop Mrkt Pop-Up



Read More

July 18, 2017
Swimsuits for Every Kind of East End Event This Summer



Read More

July 16, 2017
Designer Rosetta Getty Talks Her New Fall Collection and Collaborating with Artist Alicja Kwade




















Culture



Read More


 

Lifestyle



Read More


 

Watches & Jewelry



Read More


 

Magazine


Read More

 

Video



Read More


 

GreenGale Network


Read More

 

Media Kit


Read More

 











Search Our Site





 







 



























  Share 





Francesca and Richard Haass with Susan Mercandetti

 Francesca and Richard Haass with Susan Mercandetti






 




Richard Haass, Joan Hornig, Capricia Marshall,
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Kristin Mannion, Brian and Myra Greenspun, George Horning and HP Goldfield

 Richard Haass, Joan Hornig, Capricia Marshall,
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Kristin Mannion, Brian and Myra Greenspun, George Horning and HP Goldfield




George Hornig

 George Hornig




HP Goldfield, Bill Clinton and Kristin Mannion

 HP Goldfield, Bill Clinton and Kristin Mannion






 




Capricia Marshall and Joan Hornig

 Capricia Marshall and Joan Hornig




HP Goldfield blowing out birthday candles with his daughter, Emma

 HP Goldfield blowing out birthday candles with his daughter, Emma







HP Goldfield's 60th Birthday Party
  | September 2, 2011 |
Parties


Driving around the Hamptons, you would never suspect what goes on beyond the fancy gates of the magnificent estates in places like Water Mill (unless you are an insider, of course). On a beautiful night in August, HP Goldfield celebrated his 60th birthday, given by his wife, Kristin Mannion. The evening was hosted by Joan and George Hornig at their gorgeous home, and the guest list included major players (and firm friends) on the world scene.



With all of the turmoil in the world—the big news that day was Standard & Poor’s downgrading of the credit rating of the United States—there was comfort to be found in seeing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Dr. Richard Haass of The Council on Foreign Relations and Martin Indyk, vice president for foreign policy at the Brookings Institution, talking, laughing and enjoying a birthday celebration for their friend. For a moment in time in the Hamptons, all was right with the world.
Tags:


Photographs by Jeff Gale



Around the Web









Popular Posts




Read More

July 17, 2017
Parrish Art Museum's 2017 Midsummer Party




Read More

July 17, 2017
HAMPTONS Dinner with Cover Star Karolina Kurkova




Read More

July 17, 2017
26th Annual Summer Gala in Sag Harbor












 





Sticky Ad 2






Sticky Ad 3

















View Digital Edition





 


 


Click here to read  
the Digital Editions


or Subscribe to the Print Edition:


SUBSCRIBE


    

Contact Us
Advertising Info and Media Kit
Digital Editions
Online Ad Specs
Print Ad Specs
Press
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions






Aspen
Aspen 
Aspen Peak 
Epic Life 

Austin
Austin Way 

Atlanta
The Atlantan 
Jezebel 
Modern Luxury Weddings Atlanta 
Modern Luxury Interiors Atlanta 
Men's Book Atlanta 
Charity & Social Datebook Atlanta 

Boston
Boston Common 

Chicago
CS 
NS 
Michigan Avenue 
Modern Luxury Weddings Chicago 
Modern Luxury Weddings North Shore 
Modern Luxury Interiors Chicago 
Men's Book Chicago 
Modern Luxury City Guide Chicago 
Charity and Social Datebook Chicago 

Dallas
Modern Luxury Dallas 
Modern Luxury Weddings Dallas 
Modern Luxury Interiors Texas 
Charity and Social Datebook Dallas 

The Hamptons
Beach 
Hamptons 

Hawai'i
Modern Luxury Hawaii 
Ala Moana 

Houston
Houston 
Modern Luxury Weddings Houston 
Modern Luxury Interiors Texas 
Charity and Social Datebook Houston 

Las Vegas
Vegas 

Los Angeles
Angeleno 
Los Angeles Confidential 
Modern Luxury Weddings California 
Modern Luxury Interiors California 
Charity and Social Datebook Los Angeles 



Miami
Miami 
Ocean Drive 
Modern Luxury Weddings South Florida 
Modern Luxury Interiors South Florida 
Charity and Social Datebook Miami 
Styled 

New York
Manhattan 
Gotham 
Charity and Social Datebook Manhattan 

Orange County
Modern Luxury Orange County 
Modern Luxury Weddings California 
Modern Luxury Interiors California 
Charity & Social Datebook Orange County 

Palm Beach
Modern Luxury Palm Beach 

Philadelphia
Philadelphia Style 

San Diego
Modern Luxury San Diego 
Modern Luxury Weddings California 
Modern Luxury Interiors California 
Charity & Social Datebook San Diego 

San Francisco
San Francisco 
Modern Luxury Weddings California 
Modern Luxury Interiors California 
CityGuide 
Charity & Social Datebook San Francisco 

Scottsdale
Scottsdale 
Modern Luxury Interiors Scottsdale 

Silicon Valley
Modern Luxury Silicon Valley 

Washington, D.C.
DC 
Capitol File 
Modern Luxury Weddings Washington 
Charity and Social Datebook DC 

Watches
Tourbillon 




 


 


