

















Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP
















CALIBER DIVERSIFIEDOPPORTUNITY FUND II, LP

A fund existing to produce income and capital gains that pass through to investors through purchasing assets or land at potentially attractive prices, developing those assets with in-house expertise and managing each asset to its full potential.

Find Out More









Overview
An ideal structure to gain access to directly investing in a hand-selected, diversified portfolio of commercial, multi-family, self-storage and hospitality properties.





Benefits
The Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP allows individual investors to exceed the risk-adjusted results they could otherwise attempt to achieve investing alone.





Learn More
Learn more about the investment process & how to start growing your wealth with the Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP.









Asset Highlights









Commercial
Fiesta Tech
Baywood
Bahai
Roosevelt





Multi-Family
GC Square
Treehouse
Mountain View
Palms





Self-Storage
Kingman Storage
24 Hour Storage
Nevada Self-Storage





Hospitality
Hilton Tucson East
Hampton Inn
Crowne Plaza
Salmon Falls Resort
Hilton Phoenix Airport









Featured Properties












                                    Asset Highlight
                                

                                    Hilton Phoenix Airport Hotel
                                

Caliber “owns” the market with 3 properties
Improving net profit by growing average daily rate and reducing bloated expenses
 High, existing cash-flow, purchased below appraisal, & upside sale potential











                                    Asset Highlight
                                

                                    GC Square Apartments
                                

Walking distance to Grand Canyon University
Convert to furnished student rentals
Upside potential to double equity value upon conversion











                                    Asset Highlight
                                

                                    Hilton Tucson East Hotel
                                

Full renovation and re-design of a well-built Hilton asset
Own the property for 60% of construction value, once fully renovated
 Substantial cash-flows and resale potential











                                    Asset Highlight
                                

                                    Eclipse
                                

20 net-zero energy new-build townhomes
Attractive south Scottsdale location
Active buyer pool anticipating completion











                                    Asset Highlight
                                

                                    Holiday Inn & Suites Phoenix Airport
                                

Caliber “owns” the market with 3 properties
Improving net profit by growing average daily rate and reducing bloated expenses
Development of new restaurant is driving top-line revenues and local business (70%-80% of lunch + dinner is locals)











                                    Asset Highlight
                                

                                    The Roosevelt
                                

32 net-zero energy new-build townhomes
Attractive Tempe / mill avenue location
Active buyer pool anticipating completion











Want to learn more?
CONTACT US







Fund Purpose

The Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP exists to produce income and capital gains that pass through to investors through purchasing assets or land at potentially attractive prices, developing those assets with in-house expertise, and managing each asset to its full potential. The Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP allows investors diversify their investment across multiple properties while also allowing access to assets that are much larger than they could purchase individually.
                    


Vision

While the Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP may grow into diverse markets and pursue various strategies according to market conditions, the underlying investment model of purchasing assets that produce attractive income or significant equity upside (or both) will not change. In five years, the Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP will have gained national recognition as the best place for individual investors and registered investment advisors to place capital accessing superior risk-adjusted returns.
                    








Income Creates Value
Regardless of the strategy or market cycle, strong income streams as compared to our investment basis will build value we can rely on.





Manage Each Asset as Owners
Responsibility stems from taking ownership, the core of a great General Partner. 





Limit Leverage, Reduce Risk
The maximum allowable leverage on the portfolio reduces to 60% of asset values by the 5th year of the Fund.









Fund Benefits







Secured Investment
Your capital is secured through direct ownership of a diversified portfolio of commercial, multi-family, self-storage, and hospitality assets.





Growth
By purchasing at a discount, building value through construction, renovation, or development, and then managing as owners, we will seek to grow the value of your investment.





Increasing Income
Caliber’s strategy to purchase a blend of income and value-add properties will seek to ensure you experience income distributions early in the Fund’s lifecycle that will grow over time.





Insider Access
The best commercial investors live and breathe real estate. Your Fund Manager will do that part, allowing you the same level of access without the time requirement.





Diversification
Through the Fund, an individual investor can own in multiple markets, pursue multiple investment strategies, and utilize sophisticated techniques which are typically reserved for institutional investors.









Learn More

Steps to Invest: We make it simple to understand and easy to invest.


1


Connect



Contact Caliber to set up a call or meeting.




2


Discovery Meeting
(or call)



Get to know Caliber and our various available investment vehicles. Let us know what you’re looking for in your investment portfolio and how we may be of service.




3


Opportunity Review



You’ll receive a variety of information based on your initial meeting with a Caliber team member. Gather as much knowledge as you’d like to make an informed decision.




4


Opportunity Meeting
(or call)



Meet with a Caliber team member to discuss any questions you have about the investment or investments of interest.




5


Investment Application



Complete a Subscription Application for the investment(s) of interest and transfer funds.




6


Welcome



Receive official acceptance of your investment and a welcome gift.




7


Delivery



Watch equity grow and receive distributions. Stay involved as much or as little as you’d like with regular updates, investor calls, and even live events!












Get in Touch

Discover the Caliber Diversified Opportunity Fund II, LP. Enter your information below.


















                                                        Email
*













                                                        Phone Number
*














                                                        First Name












                                                        Last Name
















                                         




















480-295-7600



www.CaliberCo.com



invest@caliberco.com








Copyright © 2017 ‎Caliber Companies LLC‎
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES. THIS COMMUNICATION IS PROVIDED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE LEGAL OR INVESTMENT ADVICE. WHILE WE ENDEAVOR TO KEEP THE INFORMATION UP TO DATE AND CORRECT, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE DATA AND SUMMARIES CONTAINED IN THIS COMMUNICATION OR THE SUITABILITY OF ANY SEPARATE OFFERING FOR INVESTORS.THERE ARE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ANY INVESTMENT. IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF THE COMPANY THEY WISH TO INVEST IN INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISK INVOLVED. ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT SPEAKS ONLY AS OF THE DATE ON WHICH SUCH STATEMENT IS MADE, AND WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE ANY FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER THE DATE WHICH SUCH STATEMENT IS MADE. ANY OFFERINGS MADE BY US ARE TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS WHO ARE PERSONALLY KNOWN TO US OR TO OUR PLACEMENT AGENT PRIOR TO DISTRIBUTING ANY OFFERING MATERIALS. WE DO NOT SEND OUT OFFERING MATERIALS IN RESPONSE TO UNSOLICITED INQUIRIES.
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Noble Investment Group | What We Do







































our history 
who we are
what we do
our portfolio
case studies
what they say







 






Noble invests in markets throughout the United States which have historically stable demand most often generated by major universities, medical centers and a diverse corporate presence. Noble’s strategy is to enhance a “B“ asset in an “A” location by reconfiguring and upgrading the physical product and optimizing the brand. This approach allows the organization to maximize revenue market share and operating margins, increase profitability and maximize asset value by creating a “core-like” yield.





Alignment





Noble principals co-invest their own capital alongside our investors in each of our private equity real estate funds, creating an alignment of interests and an incentive to perform. Since 1993, Noble has generated superior risk-adjusted returns for our investment partners who currently include state pension plans, university endowments and foundations.





Sourcing Advantage





Noble has developed three decades of relationships within a fragmented industry of private owner-operators of hotels as well as non-specialized lodging investors and maintains a comprehensive list of targeted assets and markets along with brand availability by sub market. Through our ongoing, pro-active dialogue with owners, lenders and advisors, Noble has been successful in sourcing direct investment opportunities. Noble is identified by lodging brokers and advisors as the go-to organization for assets that "need to be fixed" and maintains valuable partnerships with leading brands that has provided material investment opportunities for the organization.





Operators not allocators





Noble's operational asset management and administration teams strategically select each of our hotel based general managers and director of sales and are responsible for the operational performance of our assets. Our operating teams then share in the success of their assets performance through participation in our carried interest pool and therefore, are motivated and aligned to run our hotels as an entrepreneurial, street corner business. Noble’s asset management team has regular on-site visits with our property teams to review market intelligence and demand generators for pricing opportunities. 

                Noble's business intelligence system provides real-time data feeds from each of our hotels where we analyze metrics on a daily, weekly and monthly basis to mitigate risk and optimize performance. Our ability to shift strategy based on leading metrics and market trends allows us to capitalize on revenue opportunities and protect the integrity of our financial results.





Adding Value to Real Estate






Noble's project development team leads the planning, programming, design, budgeting, construction management, procurement and realization of complex lodging development, re-development and conversion projects. The Noble team has successfully worked together to execute more than $1.5 billion in projects costs by working every project detail to the best possible outcome at the least possible cost in the shortest amount of time in order to enhance operational performance and effectively grow yield. 




Private Equity Real Estate Funds
FUND I
Noble Investments, LLC ("FUND I") closed in 1999 with approximately $40 million in equity including Noble principal commitments. Fund I is fully invested and is fully realized.
FUND II
Noble Parallel Fund, LLC ("FUND II") closed in 2003 with $182 million in equity and co-investments including Noble principal commitments. The Fund II investment platform was a value-added strategy focused on lodging acquisitions, re-developments and strategic new developments with a primary focus on top 50 MSA’s in the United States. Fund II is fully invested and is substantially realized.
FUND III
Noble Hospitality Fund, LLC ("FUND III") closed in 2007 with $310 million in equity including Noble principal commitments. The Fund III commitment period was originally three years but was extended to five years as Noble did not make an investment from May of 2008 through April of 2010. The Fund III investment platform was a value-added strategy focused on lodging acquisitions, re-developments and strategic new developments with a primary focus on top 50 MSA’s in the United States. Fund III is fully invested and is substantially realized.
FUND IV
Noble Hospitality Fund II, LLC ("FUND IV") closed in 2013 with $220 million in equity including Noble principal commitments. The Fund IV commitment period is two years and its value-added strategy is focused on lodging acquisitions, re-developments and strategic new developments with a primary focus on top 50 MSA’s in the United States. Fund IV is fully invested alongside an additional $40 million in LP co-investments. Fund IV is fully invested and partially realized.
FUND V
Noble Hospitality Fund III, LLC ("FUND V") closed in 2015 with $233 million in equity including Noble principal commitments. The Fund V commitment period is two years and its value-added strategy is focused on lodging acquisitions, re-developments and strategic new developments with a primary focus on top 50 MSA’s in the United States. Fund V is currently being invested alongside an additional $37 million in LP co-investments
 
 


 








Copyright 2017 Noble Investment Group,  LLC




2000 Monarch Tower
3424 Peachtree Road, NE
Atlanta, Georgia 30326
404.419.1000 
Contact Us






Made By Myriann



 






Stonehill Strategic Capital Eyes $500M in Hotel Financing | hotelbusiness.com









Hotel Business Magazine, The leading source of hospitality news























Skip this ad
Your page will load within   seconds.





 
Advertisement


 
Submit this to Linkedin




















 















Create Account 
                Forgot Password





✓



✗


 
Hotel Business
Hotel Business Design
Media Planner











Login



Manage Subscriptions
Manage Account 
View My Digital Editions
Logout

















Video
Events
Surveys

Current Surveys
Results


Subscribe
Marketplace

Classifieds
Job Posts


Advertising
Editorial Calendar

About Us

Our Team
Our Products






Home
WebExclusives
Brands/Owners& Management

Ownership
Management Companies
Brands


RealEstate

Brokers
Construction & Renovation
Acquisitions
Openings


Technology

Social Media
Guest Facing
Operational


Finance

Quarterly Results
Sources Of Funding
Investment Funds


Guest Services& Programs

Amenities
F+B
Marketing/Promotions


Design
Conferences& Trade Shows

Investment Conferences
Brand Conferences
Trade Shows


Personnel

Brands
Suppliers
Owners/Operators
Other


Other




Click here to use the Advanced Search














Access or Sign-Up fora digital subscription
FREE



 


















 



 
 
 

Stonehill Strategic Capital Eyes $500M in Hotel Financing

Monday February 2nd, 2015 - 10:57AM																					


 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										 | 
										
Tweet 



These are shortcuts to your favorite social networking and bookmark sites. Add this story to your Facebook page, del.icio.us, DiggIt, and many others!

ATLANTA—Stonehill Strategic Capital, LLC (SSC), an affiliate of Peachtree Hotel Group II, LLC,  is looking to transact $500 million in fixed-rate permanent loans, floating-rate bridge loans, mezzanine debt, preferred equity and discounted note purchases this year.
SSC closed $25 million in loans in December and an additional $65 million is under signed application scheduled to close shortly, according to the company.
Additionally, SSC’s affiliate closed on its hotel credit opportunity fund, Stonehill Strategic Hotel Credit Opportunity Fund, which will provide the capital to meet SSC’s lending goals for 2015. 
“We exceeded our most optimistic forecasts during 2014, our first full year since inception, and set the stage for a very fruitful second year and beyond," stated Mat Crosswy, president of SSC. “Adding a permanent-loan product is an important milestone in our company's growth that directly complements the existing debt solutions we can provide our clients. This allows SSC to take a client through the entire life of an asset.”
Stonehill completed 19 transactions in 2014 totaling more than $150 million. Stonehill deployed capital in a variety of transactions, including bridge loans, permanent loans, mezzanine loans and preferred-equity investments.
Crosswy noted with the supply pipeline remaining close to 1% of total room demand, increasing average daily rate, and transaction activity shifting to secondary and tertiary markets, the demand for hotel financing will remain healthy for the coming year. “With supply in check and occupancy projected to reach record highs, confident owners likely will be eager to complete renovation projects and refinancing. All signs point to a strong 2015 and 2016 for the industry."

 






Advertisement

 

                                Tags:								Stonehill Strategic Capital • Matt Crosswy • SSC • 																				Hospitality •
																																																																																																																																																																																																																		Sources of Funding •
																																																																																Investment Funds •
																														

 


More Sources of Funding News.. 

« Go Back





« E-mail a friend


« Printer Friendly





















FEATURED COLUMNS



With Rise in Travel Spending, Dreams Can Come True
        I took a summer vacation to Alaska. This natural beauty of a state might be our 49th, but it was my 50th. Why all this talk of my summer vacation? Well, Allianz Global Assistance (AGA) just released data earlier this week saying that Americans are spending more on summer vacations this year, topping $100 billion for the first time in the AGA survey’s eight-year history. This represents a 12.5% increase over last year.

Click Here to read the full article.

List more columns...


HEADLINES


HB ON THE SCENE: NABHOOD Summit Features Joint Effort with AAHOA, LHA »AccorHotels Intros First Ibis Styles in U.S.White Lodging Opens Dual-Brand in Austin, TXCambria Debuts in CaliforniaStarwood Capital Group Acquires Los Angeles Hotel, Plans ConversionLa Quinta Moves Forward With Real Estate SpinoffHB ON THE SCENE: Do Comp Sets Matter?Two Roads' Alila Hotels & Resorts Plans U.S. Debut 

More Headlines...


DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS


Access or Sign-Up for aDigital SubscriptionFREE
Click Here
















↑ Back to Top


My Online Account
New Subscription
Manage Subscription
Digital Subscriptions


News Categories
Brands & Owners & Management
Real Estate
Technology
Finance
Guest Services/Programs
Design
Conferences & Trade Shows
Personnel
Featured Columns


Tools
Videos
Shows & Events
Marketplace
Classifieds
Job Posts


About Us
Our Team
Our Products
Advertise With Us
Advertising
Editorial Calendar







ICD Publications
Hotel Business
Hotel Business DESIGN
HomeWorld Business
Gourmet Insider


©2001-2017, hotelbusiness.com and ICD Publications, Inc. Cannot be reprinted without permission of hotelbusiness.com and ICD Publications, Inc. 











Business - Starwood Capital


















Business - Starwood Capital










































1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge, New YorkOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX








Facts At A Glance




Years sinceStarwood Capital'sInception





Financings byCapital MarketsTeam Since2010





Employees in ten offices worldwide





Operating CompaniesCreated or Acquired





Assets underManagement









Baccarat Hotel & Residences, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII, Starwood Hospitality Fund II and Baccarat Co-Invest





The Park, PragueOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX





Hôtel de Crillon, ParisOwned by Starwood Hospitality Fund I, Starwood Opportunity Fund VII and SDL Co-Invest





Paramount Bay, MiamiOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Corus Co-Invest













						Business					


At a Glance


Firm


History


Business Lines


Edge


Approach












At a Glance
Starwood Capital Group is a 26-year-old private investment firm with:

A primary focus on global real estate.
Assets under management of over $51 billion.
More than 2,200 employees in 10 offices worldwide, and over 16,000 additional employees involved with a dozen portfolio operating companies.
A seasoned, stable senior management team that has worked together an average of 16 years and possesses an average of 26 years of industry experience.
The investment flexibility to shift between real estate asset classes, geographies and positions in the capital stack as the Firm perceives risk-reward dynamics to be evolving.
Extensive public markets expertise, having guided IPOs for eight leading companies.



Firm
Starwood Capital Group is a private investment firm with a primary focus on global real estate. Since its inception in 1991, the Firm has raised more than $40 billion of equity capital and currently has over $51 billion of assets under management. Over the past 26 years, Starwood Capital has acquired over $86.5 billion of assets across virtually every major real estate asset class.
Since founding Starwood Capital during the depths of the savings & loan crisis with the purchase of non-performing loans and real estate assets from the Resolution Trust Corp., Chairman and CEO Barry Sternlicht has overseen the Firm’s growth into a diversified investment company that today encompasses more than 2,200 employees and approximately 16,000 additional employees involved with a dozen portfolio operating companies. Including affiliated operations, the Firm maintains offices in Atlanta, Chicago, Greenwich, Hong Kong, London, Los Angeles, Luxembourg, Miami, San Francisco and Washington, D.C.
Starwood Capital’s hallmark is to invest opportunistically, moving between asset classes, geographies and positions in the capital stack as the Firm perceives risk/return dynamics to be evolving. To execute this strategy, Starwood Capital has built up asset-class and geographic expertise in the Firm’s targeted markets.
Throughout its history, the Firm has created a number of market-leading platforms to enhance operational efficiencies and maximize the value of its investments. These platforms include:

One of the world’s largest public hotel companies—Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE: HOT).
Two of the biggest commercial mortgage finance companies in the United States—Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) and iStar (NYSE: STAR).
One of the largest collections of multifamily apartments in the United States.
One of the largest portfolios of select-service hotels in the United States.
One of the largest homebuilders in the United States—TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH).
One of the leading regional mall operators in the United States—Starwood Retail Partners.
One of the largest publicly traded owners and operators of single-family rental homes in the United States—Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), now trading as Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR).
One of the leading providers of residential sites to the U.S. homebuilding industry (Starwood Land Ventures).
An innovative hotel management company, SH Group, that is introducing the 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts brands to the market.
One of the United Kingdom’s leading hotel operators—Principal Hotel Company.

In its pursuit of the most compelling opportunities globally, Starwood Capital has invested in more than 30 countries, ranging from the Americas to Europe to Asia. Highlighting Starwood Capital’s international commitment and ability to shift geographies to capitalize on market dislocations, the Firm made the strategic decision in 2011 to enhance its longstanding presence in Europe—in anticipation of a prolonged recovery across the region—by relocating the Firm’s Global Head of Acquisitions to London. Starwood Capital also relocated a Managing Director who sits on the Firm’s Investment Committee to Luxembourg to oversee all European investments in Starwood Capital funds. Starwood Capital’s pan-European operation has grown to comprise more than 50 employees and supports an increasing portion of the Firm’s global activity.
Reflecting the success of its investment activities, Starwood Capital and its professionals have received numerous industry accolades over the years. In 2015 alone, the Firm was honored by leading global private real estate publication PERE in the following categories:

North American Firm of the Year.
European Firm of the Year.
Global Industry Figure of the Year.
North American Industry Figure of the Year.
North American Deal of the Year.
#2 in the PERE 50 ranking of the top private equity real estate firms.

 
 


History





1991
Barry Sternlicht launches Starwood Capital









1992
Starwood Opportunity Funds I and IA close at $52M









1993
Starwood Capital funds contribute multifamily holdings to Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR)—which goes on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country, with Mr. Sternlicht serving on its Board of Directors
Starwood Opportunity Fund II closes at $102M









1994
Starwood Capital funds acquire a majority of the distressed senior debt of Hotel Investors Trust, thus setting the stage for the Firm’s emergence as a global leader in the hospitality space
Starwood Mezzanine Investors closes at $220M









1995
Starwood Capital creates Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT) and Mr. Sternlicht becomes Chairman and CEO
Starwood Capital funds purchase Westin Hotels & Resorts and begins a new growth phase for the business









1997
Starwood Opportunity Fund IV closes at $830M









1998
Starwood Capital creates Starwood Financial, subsequently renamed iStar (NYSE: STAR), which becomes one of the largest publicly traded real estate finance companies in the U.S.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide completes the $14B acquisition of ITT Sheraton, making the company the largest hotel operator in the world
First W Hotel opens in New York
 









1999
Starwood Opportunity Fund V closes at $516M
A Starwood Capital fund completes the Firm’s first international investment, purchasing the distressed loans of condominiums in Bangkok









2000
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide is added to the S&P 500 Index









2002
Starwood Opportunity Fund VI closes at $567M









2003
A Starwood Capital fund takes National Golf Properties (NYSE: TEE) private
Starwood Capital opens an office in London—marking the beginning of a significant expansion of the Firm’s international operations that also includes a Luxembourg hub with responsibility for all European investments in Starwood Capital funds









2005
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VII closes at $1.475B
Starwood Capital Hospitality Fund I closes at $900M
Starwood Capital funds complete the $3.2B acquisition of Groupe Taittinger and Société du Louvre
A Starwood Capital fund acquires Mammoth Mountain, one of the top-ranked ski resorts in the U.S.









2007
A Starwood Capital fund acquires BR Guest Hospitality, owner and operator of some of New York’s most successful restaurant brands









2008
The Visionaire, developed by Starwood Capital, becomes Manhattan’s first Platinum LEED-certified condominium project
Starwood Energy Infrastructure Fund I closes at $433M
Starwood Capital launches Starwood Land Ventures, which goes on to become one of the leading providers of residential sites to the U.S. homebuilding industry









2009
Starwood Debt Fund II closes at $378M
Starwood Capital creates Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), a commercial mortgage REIT that is the largest blind pool company ever listed on the NYSE
Starwood Capital funds acquire Corus Bank’s $4.5B face-value loan portfolio from the FDIC in one of the government’s largest distressed debt transactions during the Great Recession









2010
A Starwood Capital fund purchases a property in New York’s Chelsea neighborhood that, when redeveloped as the Walker Tower, sets a new record price for a downtown Manhattan condo sale
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VIII closes at $1.83B
Starwood Capital funds acquire The Viceroy Resort—making the Firm the largest employer on the island of Anguilla
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund II closes at $965M









2011
Starwood Capital funds acquire two prime Manhattan assets that the Firm will develop into flagship properties for its 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts brands
A Starwood Energy Group fund completes the Starwood SSM Project—one of the largest solar power plants in Canada
A Starwood Capital fund makes the first in a series of acquisitions that will establish the Firm as one of the largest operators of select-service and extended-stay hotels in the U.S.
A Starwood Energy Group fund finances the Gainesville (FL) Renewable Energy Center—one of North America’s largest-ever biomass projects









2012
A Starwood Capital fund makes the first in a series of acquisitions of leading regional malls in the U.S., and the Firm creates Starwood Retail Partners to manage the portfolio
Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF) goes public









2013
Starwood Capital funds acquire Principal Hayley, which the Firm subsequently merges with Four Pillars and De Vere Ventures to create a leading U.K. hotel platform
A Starwood Capital fund and Starwood Property Trust acquire LNR Property LLC (along with subsidiary Hatfield Philips International) for $1.05B, thus expanding the Firm’s distressed real estate expertise
Starwood Capital portfolio company TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH) goes public and is later combined with a Weyerhaeuser subsidiary to create one of the largest homebuilders in the United States
Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX closes at $4.2B
Starwood Energy Infrastructure Fund II closes at $983M









2014
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), one of the largest owners of single-family rental homes in the U.S., goes public
Starwood Capital portfolio company Opus Bank (NASDAQ: OPB), a leading regional real estate lender, goes public
A Starwood Capital fund acquires a diverse portfolio of assets in Sweden and Norway for $1.4B—the largest property transaction in Scandinavia for the year
 









2015
Starwood Capital funds acquire TMI Hospitality, one of the largest owners, managers and developers of select-service hotels in the U.S.
Starwood Capital launches Baccarat Hotels & Resorts brand with the opening of its flagship property in Manhattan
Starwood Capital launches 1 Hotels brand with opening of its South Beach property in Miami
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund (SOF X) closes at $5.6B—the Firm’s largest fund to date









2016
Starwood Capital funds acquire a portfolio of apartments in the United States from Equity Residential in a transaction valued at $5.4B—the largest non-hotel purchase in the Firm’s history.
China Life, China’s largest life insurance company, invests with Starwood Capital in approximately $2B of select-service hotels in the U.S.







Business Lines
Starwood Capital has been organized into complementary business lines that feature executive sponsorship and dedicated teams of professionals, supported by the Firm’s general resources in acquisitions, asset management, finance, investor relations, accounting, tax and legal. 
Real Estate Businesses
Global Opportunistic Real Estate
Starwood Capital considers opportunistic real estate investing to be defined by minimizing downside risk and maximizing upside. In executing this strategy, the Firm’s seasoned team pursues global investment opportunities across all real estate asset classes and positions in the capital stack that offer compelling risk/return propositions. For example, Starwood Capital has been one of the most prolific investors in distressed debt since the global financial crisis, while acquiring cash-flowing office, residential, industrial, retail and hotel assets at discounts to replacement cost. The Firm has also successfully built platform strategies in asset classes such as residential land, retail malls and select-service hotels. Starwood Capital has raised 15 opportunistic real estate funds to date, with the most recent (Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X), attracting $5.6 billion of committed capital—the largest fund in the Firm’s history.
Performing Real Estate Debt
With total capital deployed since inception of more than $32 billion, Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) is the largest commercial mortgage real estate investment trust in the U.S. Externally managed by Starwood Capital, Starwood Property Trust focuses on originating, acquiring, financing and managing commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate debt investments. Starwood European Real Estate Finance Ltd. (LSE: SWEF), also externally managed by Starwood Capital, pursues similar investment objectives to Starwood Property Trust, with a geographic focus on Europe.
Loan Servicing
Starwood Capital, through Starwood Property Trust’s 2013 acquisition of LNR Property LLC, also operates as a special loan servicer in the U.S., and has expanded its product offerings to include fixed-rate and conduit loans. LNR provides Starwood Capital with unique insights into the distressed debt market, as it is the named special servicer on approximately 23% of all transactions in the CMBS universe. In Europe, Starwood Property Trust’s non-controlling minority interest in Situs—which acquired LNR subsidiary Hatfield Philips International in 2016—allows Starwood Capital to benefit from access to a market-leading primary and special servicing platform.
Retail
Formed in 2012 to acquire, redevelop, lease, manage and operate the retail centers in Starwood Capital’s portfolio, Starwood Retail Partners has grown to become one of the largest mall enterprises in the United States. Starwood Retail Partners seeks to capitalize on opportunities in the rapidly changing retail landscape through a unique combination of talent, experience and execution capabilities in the regional mall, lifestyle, street retail and power center sectors. Through a variety of co-investments, joint-venture partnerships, stand-alone transactions and a closed-end core-plus fund, Starwood Retail Partners currently manages a portfolio of 30 properties across the United States, comprising 28 million square feet of gross leasable area and over $6 billion in value. With approximately 370 employees, the organization brings hands-on experience in management, leasing and redevelopment to each of its investments.
Hotel Brand Management
SH Group is a hotel brand management company with more than 1,250 employees owned by a fund sponsored by Starwood Capital that provides the Firm with significant proprietary investment opportunities and helps enhance the performance of fund hotel investments—including assisting Starwood Capital’s in-house design and hotel operations experts. Leveraging its marketing, design, operational and technological expertise, SH Group is the force behind some of the most groundbreaking and dynamic hotel brands in the world, including:

1 Hotels
As a luxury lifestyle hotel brand inspired by nature, 1 Hotels cultivates the best of eco-conscious design and sustainable architecture, together with extraordinary comfort and an unrivalled level of service. 1 Hotels, which launched in 2015 with the opening of exclusive properties in Miami’s South Beach and Manhattan, followed by Brooklyn in 2017, was developed with the simple idea that those who travel the world also care about it. 1 Hotels upholds this vision by channeling nature through design, culinary partnerships, connecting with the local community and taking small steps to make a big difference.
Baccarat Hotels & Resorts
Drawing upon the 250-year history of the iconic French crystal maker, Baccarat Hotels & Resorts delivers a distinctive, personalized experience in the world’s most illustrious locales. Baccarat Hotels & Resorts launched in March 2015 with the opening of its flagship property in New York, to be followed by Rabat, Morocco, in 2016. Distinguished by a singular sense of glamour and celebration, as well as a groundbreaking vision of modern luxury, Baccarat Hotels & Resorts sets a new standard for the ultimate lifestyle experience—reimagining excellence through impeccable service and inspired artistry.

Residential
Starwood Land Ventures has teamed up with best-in-class, local residential land experts in Arizona, California, Colorado and Florida to purchase nearly 20,000 lots. To date, Starwood Land Ventures has generated significant profits while selling 69% of its lots—solidifying its position as one of the nation’s leading providers of residential sites to the homebuilding industry. At the same time, the affiliate provides Starwood Capital with insights into land valuation trends and their resulting impact on residential property values.

Energy Businesses
Energy Infrastructure
Starwood Energy Group specializes in energy infrastructure investments, with a focus on the natural gas and renewable power generation and transmission sectors. Through its general opportunity funds, Starwood Energy Infrastructure Fund I and II, and other affiliated investment vehicles, Starwood Energy Group manages total equity commitments of approximately $3 billion, and has executed transactions totaling more than $6 billion in enterprise value. By leveraging its extensive operations, development, construction, acquisition and financing expertise, the team is well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities emerging in this rapidly evolving industry.
Oil & Gas
Starwood Oil & Gas invests in conventional and unconventional oil & gas assets in North America. In 2013, the group made a $36 million investment in Northeast Natural Energy to fund the Charleston, WV-based company’s acreage acquisition and development program in one of the most prolific areas of the Marcellus Shale. In 2015, the team led a $110 million investment in EagleRidge Energy, a Dallas-based oil & gas producer focused on one of the lowest-cost natural gas shale plays in Texas. In 2017, the group led a $50 million investment in Ventana Exploration and Production to acquire non-operating working interests and minerals in the prolific STACK and SCOOP basins in Central Oklahoma. Leveraging its industry knowledge and extensive transactional experience, Starwood Oil & Gas is well-positioned to capitalize on the dramatic transformation of the energy sector.


Edge
Starwood Capital occupies a unique position in global real estate investing, based on the following differentiators:
Deep Hands-On Real Estate Perspective
Starwood Capital has 26 years of experience covering virtually every real estate asset class. The Firm has acquired more than $64 billion of opportunistic real estate assets since inception, generating strong returns throughout that time. The Firm also operates the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the United States—Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), which has deployed over $32 billion in capital since inception.
Investment agility
A hallmark of Starwood Capital is the ability to pursue a wide variety of investment opportunities as they emerge—moving from asset class to asset class, shifting geographies from the U.S. to international markets and changing positions in the capital stack as the team perceives risk/return dynamics to be evolving.
Scale and Creativity
As one of the largest institutional real estate investors in the world, Starwood Capital benefits from a worldwide sourcing engine—creating a robust deal flow, and accessing the majority of transactions on an off-market basis. In fact, over 90% of SOF X, SOF IX and SOF VIII’s investments were sourced off-market or via small auctions, including all 16 of SOF X’s European investments to date. The Firm also boasts a history of extraordinary creativity that extends to its innovative transaction structuring and execution capabilities.
Operational Expertise
The Firm has broad real estate operating experience, with asset management organized into dedicated teams by specialty. The Firm has created a number of platforms to enhance operational efficiencies and maximize the value of underlying assets. In addition, our in-house loan workout expertise gives us the ability to manage large portfolios of non-performing loans.
Capital Markets Skills
Starwood Capital’s capital markets expertise is a core competency that the Firm believes sets it apart from more traditional real estate investors. The team constantly evaluates real estate in relation to the capital markets in order to take advantage of pricing inefficiencies, and arbitrage between the public and private markets. When the public markets are willing to pay more for assets or platforms than could be generated from longer-term holds or individual asset sales, Starwood Capital has completed a number of successful public market executions, including:

Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD)
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT)
Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR)
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), now trading as Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR)
TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH)
iStar Financial (NYSE: STAR)
Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF)
Opus Bank (NASDAQ: OPB)

On the debt side, the Firm’s skilled in-house capital markets team has closed transactions totaling approximately $57 billion since January 2010. The team’s expertise and global network of lending relationships has often allowed it to obtain best-in-market terms for investors, while using brokers only sparingly (less than 15% of the time).
An Information Edge
The expertise developed through Starwood Capital’s symbiotic business lines enhances the team’s judgment throughout the underwriting process. These investment platforms provide t critical bottom-up intelligence that helps set the agenda for the Firm’s investment strategy:

Starwood Property Trust: The largest commercial mortgage REIT in the United States by market capitalization, this affiliate helps Starwood Capital underwrite transactions by providing information on where loans are being executed in the market. The team also shares market data with the Firm to help create more accurate underwriting projections. As one of the largest loan special servicers in the United States (through affiliate LNR), as well as an investor in a leading debt advisory and loan servicing platform in Europe (through Starwood Property Trust’s non-controlling minority stake in Situs, which acquired LNR subsidiary Hatfield Philips International in 2016), the team supplies Starwood Capital with market information on both regions, as well as provides appropriate insight into troubled real estate projects.
Starwood Multifamily Portfolio: With approximately 106,000 units under management, Starwood Capital is not only one of the largest apartment owners in the United States, but also among the largest within a number of select markets. The Firm is, for example, one of the largest institutional owners in Orlando, South Florida and Denver. This critical mass in targeted markets provides the Firm with information on asset performance that other investors simply do not possess—and helped give the team a decisive edge in the case of the acquisition in January 2016 of 23,262 garden-style units in 72 communities across the United States, as the Firm already owned assets in 95% of the markets represented in the transaction.
SH Group: Starwood Capital’s hotel brand management team brings operational expertise in the areas of revenue management, marketing, food & beverage, and systems and cost management to the hotel underwriting and asset management teams.
Starwood Retail Partners: Starwood Capital’s team of retail experts gives the Firm an edge in evaluating malls, power centers and lifestyle centers. The team has built strong relationships with tenants and can provide accurate operating metrics to help fine-tune asset cash flow projections.
Starwood Land Ventures: The Firm’s team of residential land experts provides granular detail on residential land pricing movements and new housing trends, as well as development cost analysis.

Global Reach
Starwood Capital’s track record as a global investor is well-established. Beginning with the purchase of distressed condominium loans in Bangkok in 1999, the Firm’s international investments have steadily grown to encompass more than 30 countries. To provide on-the-ground support for international investment opportunities as they develop, the Firm has opened a number of offices around the world. For example, the Firm and its affiliates have established offices in London and Luxembourg that are part of a pan-European operation comprising more than 50 employees. In Europe alone, Starwood Capital has acquired more than $17 billion of assets in over 60 transactions since 1999. Today, Starwood Capital and its affiliates operate 10 offices worldwide. This expansive network allows the Firm to efficiently evaluate the most compelling risk/return opportunities across the globe.
Distressed Investing in Our DNA
Starwood Capital was founded during the savings & loan crisis in the early 1990s, when the Firm acquired real estate holdings from the Resolution Trust Corp. The Firm has since capitalized on numerous opportunities to purchase distressed assets at deep discounts. Across its last three funds, the Firm has acquired nearly $10.5 billion of unpaid principal balance NPLs, partially sourced by engaging domestic money center and regional banks, and forming strategic partnerships with the National Asset Management Agency (Ireland’s “bad bank”) and the FDIC (via the Corus Bank investment) to purchase some of their NPL pools, as well as purchasing a pool from Bankia (Spain’s amalgamation of seven troubled local banks). Starwood Capital also benefits from the distressed real estate expertise  of affiliates LNR Property LLC and Hatfield Philips International, two of the largest special loan servicers.
Seasoned, Stable Management Team
The senior team at Starwood Capital has worked together for an average of 16 years, and has an average of 26 years of industry experience—across all real estate asset classes and stages of the investment cycle.
flexible investment sizing
Starwood Capital occupies what it believes is a distinct niche in the market: Nimble enough to target transactions of $50–125 million, yet large enough to capitalize on billion-dollar investment opportunities around the world by utilizing co-investment funds. For its sweet spot of midsized transactions, Starwood Capital believes that the Firm’s reputation, sophistication, speed, access to capital and ability to execute provide the Firm with a competitive advantage over smaller, more regional firms. On larger transactions, the Firm’s proven ability to conduct detailed due diligence using a vast network of resources and relationships results in an in-depth understanding of potential investments that few investors can match in a cost-efficient manner.
Strong Risk-Adjusted Performance
Starwood Capital’s disciplined investment approach has enabled the Firm to consistently deliver strong performance across its funds, with the Firm’s first seven funds 100% liquidated.
A History of Record-Setting Value Creation
Starwood Capital’s opportunistic real estate program is distinguished by the Firm’s proven ability to develop creative strategies to add value throughout the investment process—enabling the most advantageous exit. The success of this approach is underscored by the Firm’s sale of 11 assets in 11 different cities over the last several years that have set records for:

A Paris hotel (Hôtel de Crillon).
A downtown Manhattan condo (Walker Tower).
A Denver office building (One Union Station).
A Brooklyn condo (Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park).
An East London hotel (Ace Hotel London Shoreditch).
A North American hotel (Baccarat Hotel New York).
A Portland office property (Block 300).
A Vancouver hotel (Westin Bayshore).
A select-service hotel in D.C. (Hilton Garden Inn Washington, D.C./Georgetown).
A North Carolina asset (One Wells Fargo Center).
A Czech Republic office transaction (The Park).

Commitment to eco-conscious investment
The Firm continues to set a new standard for the private equity industry in environmentally responsible investment and development, across all real estate asset classes. Nowhere is this commitment more apparent than 1 Hotels. Operated by Starwood Capital affiliate SH Group, this luxury lifestyle brand represents hospitality with a purpose: To celebrate nature while encouraging sophisticated travelers to live well, do better and connect with the world around them.
design leadership
Starwood Capital believes that it possesses an expertise in the design of real estate assets that is unsurpassed in the private equity industry. This sensibility starts at the top: CEO Barry Sternlicht is a member of the Interior Design Hall of Fame, and the Firm’s Head of Design was recently inducted into the Hospitality Design Platinum Circle. A number of Starwood Capital’s assets have been acclaimed for their aesthetics, which ultimately help drive value for the Firm’s investors.



Approach
Starwood Capital seeks to deliver consistent, robust returns while placing a premium on preserving capital. The team performs a comprehensive risk/return analysis on each potential transaction, and only invest in assets and businesses with asymmetrical return potential. Guided by common sense, discipline and the recognition that intellectual humility is the foundation of successful investing, the Firm adheres to the following core principles:
Invest When New Supply Is Low
Target markets with high barriers to entry and little to no competitive supply planned or under construction. Since the economic recovery has generally been slow and steady, Starwood Capital has not seen the type of aggressive supply that would typically result from the recent rent growth and strength of the markets.
Anticipate Capital flows
Seek to get ahead of capital flows in areas where economic growth is projected to drive tenant demand but new supply is not yet on the horizon. The Starwood Capital team has found that capital flows often influence asset valuations as much as—or more than—the impact of local market supply and demand trends. Once these target markets are identified, the team works on the “micro” side to pinpoint opportunities for asymmetrical return potential through value-add asset management.
Buy Below Replacement Cost
Purchase—at favorable prices—fundamentally sound assets that have previously lacked capital, attention or effective management. Buying below replacement cost offers a margin of safety, typically ensuring that no new construction/ competition will be completed until values rise to justify new product. Starwood Capital’s recent transactions demonstrate that opportunities continue to arise to acquire assets at discounted prices.
Utilize Appropriate debt to generate positive Leverage
Seek to use proper leverage—in amount and duration—to reflect the stability of each asset’s cash flow. In the current market, Starwood Capital can typically buy property at yields in excess of the cost of debt and generate strong cash-on-cash yields during the hold period. Positive leverage allows the investment team to be patient for a recovery, lessening the reliance on the residual value to achieve strong returns. In most cases, Starwood Capital can secure debt longer than the expected hold period—thus creating a potential asset upon exit if interest rates rise.
Construct Diversified Portfolios
Actively manage concentrations of fund capital by diversifying exposures across risk profiles, geographic areas, asset classes and positions in the capital structure.
Add Value to Investments through hands-on asset management
Acquire undermanaged or undercapitalized assets that the Starwood Capital team can stabilize and refurbish, and implement a dynamic asset management plan in order to position each investment for sale at the maximum price. In appropriate cases, the Firm can create a growth platform through the acquisition of complementary assets and/or portfolios.
maintain investment discipline
Seek to enhance returns in both cyclical downturns and upswings by maintaining a disciplined approach to assets and their value. For example, prior to the market crash in 2008, Starwood Capital minimized its acquisitions and maximized dispositions of assets—whereas in subsequent years, the Firm shifted its focus toward a higher volume of acquisitions. By the same token, the Firm took advantage of a number of distressed investment opportunities in the wake of the Great Recession but shifted toward more defensive asset classes in recent years.
capitalize on the firm’s disposition expertise
Design optimal exit strategies that can generate maximum asset value, with options including an individual asset sale, portfolio sale, operating company sale or public market execution—all of which Starwood Capital has extensive experience in executing.
Align Interests with Investors
Treat Starwood Capital investment partners’ capital as the Firm’s own—because a meaningful portion of it is the Firm’s own. Starwood Capital’s partners invest alongside its LPs in every transaction that they sponsor. Starwood Capital has never taken fund transaction fees—believing instead that the Firm should profit only after its investors receive a full return of their capital plus an attractive preferred return.












 






Funds - Starwood Capital


















Funds - Starwood Capital











































The Atlantic, AtlantaOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Corus Co-Invest








Facts At A Glance




Number ofOpportunisticReal Estate FundsLaunched





Size of Firm'sLargest Fund(SOF X)










UPB Value ofNon-PerformingLoans AcquiredVia Last Three Funds





Capital RaisedFor Firm'sInaugural Fundsin 1991









Walker Tower, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII





Helsfyr Atrium, OsloOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Perimeter One, Raleigh, NCOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Mammoth Mountain Ski Resort, Mammoth Lakes, CAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII












						Funds					


Opportunistic


Hotel


Debt










Our funds generally take an opportunistic approach to global real estate investing. While operating amid widely disparate economic environments over the past 25 years, our funds have shared a focus on acquiring assets with strong potential fundamentals at a significant discount to replacement cost.




Opportunistic
STARWOOD GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY FUND X (SOF X)
Starwood Capital closed its 10th global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2015, with capital commitments from more than 100 investors globally totaling $5.6 billion—the Firm’s largest fund to date. SOF X continues the successful approach of its predecessor funds, with a focus on acquiring, developing and repositioning high-quality assets in nearly every major real estate asset class with strong fundamentals. At the same time, the Fund seeks investments that can generate consistent and growing cash-on-cash returns either sourced directly, in partnerships, or joint ventures. The major change with SOF X’s investment strategy is an increased focus on Europe, as we expect a growing number of opportunities to emerge from the region. Leveraging its robust pipeline, Starwood Capital through SOF X is well-positioned to invest opportunistically in compelling properties around the world, while continuing to be patient and thus avoid rushing to compete for overpriced transactions.
Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX (SOF IX)
Starwood Capital closed its ninth global opportunistic real estate fund in April 2013, with $4.2 billion of total capital commitments from more than 100 investors around the world. The portfolio is diversified by both geography and product type, and has been constructed to focus on strong cash returns during the investment period. SOF IX has continued the successful strategy of predecessor fund SOF VIII, but with an increased focus on Europe. The Fund’s primary investment themes are centered on distressed debt (loan-to-own), value-add income assets (inflation hedge), corporate transactions and land/development opportunities.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VIII (SOF VIII)
Starwood Capital closed its eighth global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $1.83 billion. Due to global uncertainty and volatility during our investment period, we focused on “margin of safety.” One clear measure of this approach is overall leverage that is extremely low for any type of fund, but especially for a real estate opportunity fund. We also sought investments that provided downside protection, asymmetric risk/reward profiles and hedges against inflation. The Fund pursued five major investment themes: land/residential, value-add income assets, distressed debt, corporate transactions and global hospitality. Our transaction sourcing is a key advantage for the Firm—and the vast majority of SOF VIII was sourced off-market in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VII (SOF VII)
Starwood Capital closed its seventh global opportunistic fund in December 2005, with total equity commitments of $1.48 billion. SOF VII sought to construct a diversified portfolio by investing in undervalued real estate and real estate-related assets and operating companies globally across all property types, including hotel and leisure, multifamily and residential, office, senior housing and mixed-use developments. In numerous cases, we pursued a strategy that leveraged our best-in-class asset management team to invest capital and create incremental value within the properties.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VI (SOF VI)
Starwood Capital closed its sixth global opportunistic fund in February 2002, with total equity commitments of $567 million. SOF VI targeted both corporate opportunities and a variety of niche strategies. The Firm utilized its strong joint-venture platforms to expand its international investments in France, the U.K. and Germany, and to grow its senior housing and residential land investments in the U.S. We also combined the discipline of fundamental real estate investing with our knowledge of operating businesses to pursue compelling investments in the hotel and golf sectors.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund V (SOF V)
Starwood Capital closed its fifth global opportunistic fund in April 1999, with total equity commitments of $516 million. We pursued a diversified strategy with an emphasis on the residential and retail markets, and constructed and/or redeveloped condominium projects in major cities. We also formed a series of joint ventures to acquire and redevelop retail properties. SOF V also featured the Firm’s first investment in the senior housing sector. A major initiative was the formation of investment platforms in Asia and Europe. With these efforts, Starwood Capital established a global presence that continues to expand to this day.
Starwood Opportunity Fund IV (SOF IV)
Starwood Capital closed its fourth global opportunistic fund in February 1997, with total equity commitments of $830 million. Our goal with the Fund was to combine Starwood Capital’s successful equity investment strategies with its expertise in high-yielding mezzanine investments. The result was a balanced portfolio with investments across mezzanine debt, hotel debt, mixed-use complexes, residential land development, retail and leisure-related assets. In March 1998, the Firm contributed SOF IV’s debt investments, combined with those of Starwood Mezzanine, to form iStar Financial, Inc., providing investors with increased liquidity in one of the nation’s leading commercial real estate finance companies.
Starwood Opportunity Fund II (SOF II)
Starwood Capital closed its second fund in November 1993, with $102 million of equity commitments. Utilizing its growing local partner network, the Firm sought to capitalize on opportunities resulting from distressed sellers, over-leveraged or mismanaged assets and the shortage of entrepreneurial capital in the market. The diversified portfolio consisted of hotel, office, land and multifamily assets across the United States. All of these investments were purchased at substantial discounts to replacement cost.
Starwood Opportunity Funds I and IA (SOF I)
Starwood Capital created its first opportunity funds in February 1991 and March 1993, respectively, with $52 million of equity commitments, to take advantage of capital dislocations in the real estate markets. After extensive bottom-up research, the Firm focused on acquiring multifamily units in domestic markets with improving fundamentals and limited competition. Starwood Capital purchased approximately 6,400 multifamily properties through an aggressive acquisition program that included equity and distressed debt from the Resolution Trust Corp., FDIC, savings & loan associations, over-leveraged partnerships and tax-exempt bondholders. Just 18 months after their organization, the Funds contributed the majority of their multifamily portfolio to an operating partnership controlled by Equity Residential Properties Trust (NYSE: EQR), a newly formed real estate investment trust, in exchange for operating partnership units convertible to shares of EQR stock. EQR went on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country. This transaction marked the first of numerous leading real estate platforms or companies that Starwood Capital would help create throughout its history.


Hotel
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund II (Hotel II)
Starwood Capital closed its second dedicated hospitality fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $965 million. Utilizing low leverage, Hotel II focused on four core investment themes: superior cash flow-generating assets, major rebranding/repositioning opportunities, iconic assets and development/redevelopment opportunities in New York City, one of the nation’s strongest hotel markets. Nearly 90% of investments were sourced in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process—and most were purchased at prices significantly below replacement cost.
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund I (Hotel I)
Following Barry Sternlicht’s departure from Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Starwood Capital raised its first dedicated hospitality fund in November 2005, with total equity commitments of $900 million. Through Hotel I, Starwood Capital continued its acquisition program in the hotel and leisure sector, with investments in luxury and budget hotels, extended-stay hotels, resorts, restaurants, leisure/entertainment properties, and island and hotel development opportunities.


Debt
Starwood Debt Fund II (Debt II)
Starwood Capital closed its second debt fund in January 2009, with total equity commitments of $378 million. Operating amid an exceedingly challenging recessionary environment, Debt II sought to capitalize on dislocations in the U.S. and global credit markets. The Fund focused on a full range of performing debt investments, including first mortgages, junior notes, commercial mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and mezzanine debt.
Starwood Mezzanine Investors (Starwood Mezzanine)
Convinced that equity pricing of real estate markets was reaching full value, we were one of the first equity investment firms to shift into the mezzanine market. We closed our third fund in November 1994, with total equity commitments of $220 million. The goal of the Fund was to create a portfolio of high-yielding mezzanine investments with significant current cash flow and positions in the capital structure that were at substantial discounts to replacement cost. Starwood Mezzanine invested across a range of multifamily, hotel, resort, office and land development assets. As a result, Starwood Capital attained a leading position in the developing mezzanine market by combining the Firm’s underwriting strength with its ability to creatively structure custom-tailored financing.












 





HNN - Update: Hotel Acquisition Funds List








































We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site. Read our Privacy and Cookies policies to find out more. Close









Log In




SIGN UP!





































News

Opinions

Data Dashboard

Advertise

The Value of Sustainability










 


 


Login

SIGN UP!








 













Log In
Sign up

News
Opinions
Data Dashboard
Advertise
The Value of Sustainability
STR Data Presentations
Newsletters

5 Things to Know
Academic Research
Alt. Accommodations
Brands
Design
Development
Distribution
Earnings Recaps
F&B
Forecasts
Financing
How To
Human Resources
Independent Insights
Independents
Infographics
Legal
Lists
Management
Market Reports
Mobile
News Release
Operations
Ownership
OTAs
Profiles
Renovations
Research
Revenue Management
Running the Show
Sales & Marketing
Social Media
Special Reports
Sponsor News
Sustainability
Technology
Tech Impact Report
Transactions
Videos

Americas
Asia/Pacific
Europe
Middle East/Africa

About Us
Terms of Use
Events











Update: Hotel Acquisition Funds List


















Ownership



 


                    Update: Hotel Acquisition Funds List
                


                    02 DECEMBER 2013
                    10:30 AM
                



	Updated funds include: Arden Real Estate Partners 2; Occasio Growth Fund l and more. (Free registration/login required.)








By  the  HNN editorial staff







To help establish a ballpark figure for the number of financial funds with dedicated capital to acquire hotels, Hotel News Now has started compiling the Hotel News Now Hotel Acquisition Funds List. Please bookmark this page and return often for updates. The latest update was completed 2 December 2013. 

We’ve confirmed as many as possible, and we know this list is incomplete. We’re hoping our readers can help fill in the blanks. If you know of funds missing from this list, please drop Finance Editor Shawn A. Turner a line at shawn@hotelnewsnow.com with some of the details. We’ll keep your tip anonymous, and we’ll do everything we can to confirm the funds with the sponsoring fund and/or company. Highlighted funds are recent additions to the list.





Company



Name of fund



Equity size



Target



Contact




Acorn Fund Management

African Hospitality Growth Fund

 $57 million

hotels built in South Africa by Hyatt

acornfundmanagement.co.uk



Aimbridge Hospitality

The Argonaut Fund

$100 million

full-service hotels

aimbridgehospitality.com



Apollo Global Management

Apollo Global Fund

$400 million

to purchase, renovateand reflag full-service hotels across the U.S.

				 



Apple REIT Companies

Apple REIT Nine

$2 billion

Upscale extended-stay, upscale select-service, full service hotels

applereitcompanies.com



Arden Group

Arden Real Estate Fund I

$125 million

US-based hotels

ardengroup.com/



Arden Group

Arden Real Estate Partners 2

$250 million

To acquire office properties and hotels that are mismanaged, undercapitalized or in need of renovation.

http://www.ardengroup.com/ 



Argosy Real Estate

Argosy Real Estate Partners II, LP

$100 million to $200 million

Premium-branded select service and extended stay hotels throughout the United States.

argosyrealestate.com



Avington Financial

The Avingstone Fund

$366million

European hotel recovery opportunities

avfin.co.uk/



Banyan Tree Holdings Limited

Banyan Tree China Hospitality Fund

$214 million

Onshore companies primarily making investments in China

banyantreeholdings.com/mainindex.php



Barcelona Hotel Group, Dow Hotel Company

Barcelona REIT One

$450 million

first-class, full-service hotels

dowhotelco.com



BayNorth Capital

BayNorth Realty Fund VII

$473 million

The fund generally focuses on properties in distress or are in need of repositioning.

www.baynorthcapital.com



Blackmore Capital

Blackmore Capital Branded Opportunities Fund

				 

Focuses on brands such as Hilton, Holiday Inn, InterContinental and Crowne Plaza

blackmorecapital.co.uk/index.php




Blackstone Group


Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI

$10.9 billion

hotels, global

blackstone.com



Blumberg Capital Partners

Blumberg Capital Partners Strategic Asset Fund

$1 billion

mixed-use, office buildings,


blumbergcapitalpartners.com




Brightside Acquisitions Group

Brightside's Global Fund

$700 million

unfinished or distressed hotels; highly motivated sellers; REIT-quality Luxury, Upper Upscale, Upscale, Midscale with F&B, Midscale w/o F&B

danielldevelopment
				.com



Caerus Hospitality Partners

Caerus Hospitality Partners I

$40 million

premium budget economy hotels

caerushospitality.com



Carlyle Group

Carlyle Asia Partners lll

$2.55 billion

leveraged buyout transactions in Asia in targeted industries.

http://www.carlyle.com/content/carlyle-asia-partners-iii



Canyon Capital Realty Advisors

Canyon Johnson Urban Funds III

$1 billion

urban investment, including hotels

canyonpartners.com



Capri Capital Partners

Capri Select Income II

$312.5 million

high-yield commercial real estate and real-estate related assets

capricapital.com



Caribbean Property Group

Caribbeam Real Estate Opportunity Fund 2005 LP

$472 million

Focus on income-producing properties in the Caribbean and Central America. 

www.cpgroup-pr.com



The Chatterjee Group Real Estate

Special Situations Fund

Rs 1,0600,000,000-crore ($195 million)

To invest in hotels and real estate sectors.

				 




Columbia Pacific Advisors


Columbia Pacific Opportunity Fund

$200 million

diversified

 



Concord Hospitality Enterprises

Private Equity Fund 

$300 million

distressed hotels and debt

concordhotels.com/



Cornerstone Real Estate Advisors

Cornerstone Hotel Income & Equity Fund II

$446 million

full-service hotels, resorts, conference hotels

cornerstoneadvisers
				.com/



DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners

DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners IV

$200 million

repositionings, distressed debt, development

 



Driftwood Hospitality Management

				 

$400 million

Focus on acquiring and repositioning hotels across the U.S.

www.driftwoodhospitality.com



Elena Baturina

Fund controlled by Elena Baturina

€200 million ($260.3 million)

To buy up to five hotels in the Irish market as part of plans to develop 14 4-star properties in Europe by 2015.

				 



Equity Group Investments LLC

Zell Credit Opportunities Fund LP

$625 million

distressed securities backed by assets

 



Ethika Investments, LLC

Ethika's Diversified Opportunity Real Estate Fund

				 

				 


www.ethikainvestments.com





Fairwood Capital LLC


Fairwood Capital LLC

$150 million

acquire full-service hotels and premium branded select-service.

 



The Fundo Soberano de Angola (Angola wealth fund)

Hotel Fund for Africa

$5 billion

Quality hotels on the continent of Africa.

				 



Geolo Capital

 

$150 million

Distressed hospitality assets in 3.5-, 4-star category

geolo.com



Goldman Sachs Group

Goldman Real Estate Fund

				 

upscaled and midscale hotels including Fairfield Inns, Residence Inns and Comfort Inns

www.gs.com



Greenfield Partners

Greenfield Acquisition Partners V

$1 billion

hotels

greenfieldpartners.com



GreenOak

GreenOak U.S. Fund II

$10 million-$50 million/investment

Value-add properties in U.S. coastal gateway markets

www.greenoakrealestate.com



HEI Hotels & Resorts

HEI Hospitality Fund III, L.P

$515.4 million

full-service, upper-upscale and luxury hotels, resorts and premium select-service hotels in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean

heihotels.com/



Horizon Midway Group

Horizon Hotel Fund l

$250 million

three to four star full-service hotels and boutique hotels

				 



Hostmark Hospitality Group

Shamrock-Hostmark Hotel Fund LP

 

full-service and limited-service hotels in urban areas, under-performing hotels in stable markets

hostmark.com



The Hotel Group

Hotel Group Opportunity Fund IV

$110 million

full-service hotels

thehotelgroup.com



Integrated Capital

IC Hospitality Fund I

$105 million

Full-service, select-service, extended-stay hotels

intcapllc.com/



Integrated Capital

IC Hospitality Fund II

$200 million

Full-service, select-service and extended-stay hotels

www.intcapllc.com



Invesco Real Estate

				 

€400 million ($527. 3 million)

Branded, mid-market hotels in the capital and secondary cities of each European country

http://www.invesco.com/portal/site/global/AboutUs/ 



Lodging Dynamics Hospitality Group

LD Hotel Group I

$60 million

Converting hotels to premium brands

www.lodgingdynamics.com



Nippon Hotel Fund Investment Corporation/ Japan Hotel & Resort

Japan Hotel & Resort and Nippon Hotel Fund

$224 million

to expand asset size of city hotels, resort hotels and business hotels in Asia regions including Singapore, China/Hong Kong, Thailand and Korea

				 



KABR Group/Capstone Realty

KABR Capstone Distressed Debt Fund

$50 million

Distressed mortgages, mostly hotels

 



Kimpton

Kimpton Hospitality Partners

$246 million

Acquire, develop and re-develop boutique hotels.

www.kimptonhotels.com



Lowe Enterprises Investors

Lowe Hospitality Investment Partners II

$300 million

150 to 600+ room full-service properties

loweenterprises.com/



Macfarlan Capital Partners

Macfarlan Special Situations Fund I

$300 million target

distressed properties, high-end hotels

macfarlan.com/



Magna Hospitality

Magna Hotel Fund III

$75 million

hotels

magnahospitality.com



Miller Global Properties

Miller Global Fund VI

 

high-quality hotel development, acquisition

millerglobal.com/



Montezemolo & Partners SGR; The Indian Hotels Company Limited

Charme ll fund

€350 million ($455 million)

				 

				 



Morgans Hotel Group

Yucaipa American Alliance Fund II

 

hotel real estate in North America

morganshotelgroup.com



NextBridge Group

 

$100 million

repositionings, distressed debt, development (unfinished/motivated seller)

nextbridgegroup.com



Noble Hospitality

Noble Hospitality Fund III

$310 million

hotel acquisition, development, redevelopment

nobleinvestment.com



Occasio Funds

Occasio Growth Fund l

Between $25 million and $100 million

To invest in U.S.-based premier luxury vacation properties located in top-tier destinations.

http://occasiofunds.com/funds



Odyssey Fund Management

Odyssey European Hotel Fund

$488 million

3- and 4-star hotels in major and larger cities in Western Europe

odysseyre.nl/



Oman Investment Fund

				 

				 

To invest in long-and-medium term projects within and outside Oman. 

www.oif.com   



Pebblebrook Hotel Trust

 

$350 million

properties in major U.S. cities

 



Perseus Capital Partners

Perseus Capital Partners

$166 million

Special situation - hotels and debt, undervalued, illiquid and complex assets (public and private securities)

www.perseuscp.com



Pyramid Hotels & Resorts

 

$275 million

luxury and upper-upscale hotels

 



RLJ Development LLC

RLJ Real Estate Fund III

$1.2 billion

acquire/develop upscale, focused-service hotels

rljhotels.com/



RockBridge

RockBridge Hospitality Fund Vl

$350 million

hotels with total transaction capitalization between US$10 million and US$50 million

rockbridgecapital.com



Rockwood Capital

Rockwood Capital Real Estate Partners Fund VIII

$964 million

hotels in the United States

rockwoodcap.com/



Shaner Hotel Group; Almanac Realty Investors

				 

$100 million

The fund will target small to midsize hotel companies with financing ranging between $3 million and $30 million for both individual properties and portfolios.

http://www.shanercorp.com/ 



Sonnenblick Industries LLC

Sonnenblick Resort Land Fund

$110 million

beachfront development land for Resort hotels

www.SonnDev.com



Stockbridge Capital Partners

Stockbridge Real Estate Fund III

$2-$3 billion

hotels in high-barrier to entry markets, other real estate

 



Tamesis Capital Limited

Tamesis Fund

£100 million ($149.6 million)

The purchase of existing hotels within the U.K. real estate market.

tamesiscapital.com 



Thayer Hotel Investors

Thayer Hotel Investors Vl LP

$300 million

Full-service hotels in the United States’ top 25 markets.

				 



Thor Equities

Thor Urban Property Funds

				 

Hotel, retail, office, residential

www.thorequities.com 



Torchlight Investors

Torchlight Debt Opportunity Fund IV

$1 billion

provide debt financing for various real estate sectors including multi-family, office and hotels.

http://www.torchlightinvestors.com/



Union Investment

UII Hotel Nr. 1

€250 million ($337 million)

Will focus on budget and midscale hotel real estate with an above-average location and operator concept.

www.union-investment.com/realestate



Viveris REIM

				 

				 

To study possible hotel investments.

http://www.viveris-reim.com/



Waldeck Capital

Global Hospitality Recovery Fund

Up to $1 billion

luxury hotels

waldeckcapital.com



Waramaug Hospitality LLC

				 

$150 million

U.S. select-service hotels

				 



Yotel, IFA Hotels & Resorts, Kuwait Real Estate Company and The John Buck Company

				 

$250 million

Expanding the Yotel brand with existing development sites and/or condominium interests in mixed-used development projects, non-hotel buildings that can be converted to Yotel hotels, and existing hotels that could be converted to Yotel hotels.

www.yotel.com




View the Hotel Acquisition Funds List in an Excel file.

View a list of closed funds in an Excel file.

















    6 Comments








Jerbethaqui



September 22, 2013 7:56 AM


I am a Broker in Tennessee seeking finance for local hotels.  I am trying understand what you are saying.  Are you seeking fund for investors looking for monies to qualify for purchasing Hotels?.  Please help me to comprehend what your site is about.  










Muammer erdem



October 1, 2016 3:24 AM


Hello
I am looking  a fund for buy an hotel 
Ä°n germany
I will be happy If you help me for the cases.
Abone
Dr eng M erdem










T



October 1, 2016 2:58 PM


Dear Sir 
I want to buy hotel in germany
Can you  find any fund for that vade
Thanks
M.erdem










Ahsgdfloqifg



November 8, 2016 9:55 AM


Pgksrjgiohi  hw hweokfjeq ojfe jfweiogwo gwoj wijf gdhgtrj575 y6u75tyhgf 5yu5regr










Iopafeopt



November 11, 2016 3:27 AM


Ugireojfe whfiwehfjwehwhfjehfwefhweh 777uiop fweh iwehf weiohf wieohf iwehf iweyu59tu328hfire iuwfodhqw934785 h3urh9wjfwgut h9wh9889wh98r h4wt93qrj29th2 rj2ghw9tfq.










Xewrtyuoipye



November 12, 2016 2:12 AM


Xighefjeo orj wokwp dkow pwk wodj d hfdgfhgf 4756 5uhtyjur urt45





 







Log In or enter name





Comment



Comments that include blatant advertisements or links to products or company websites will be removed to avoid instances of spam.
        Also, comments that include profanity, lewdness, personal attacks, solicitations or advertising, or other similarly inappropriate or offensive comments or
        material will be removed from the site. You are fully responsible for the content you post. The opinions expressed in comments do not necessarily reflect
        the opinions of Hotel News Now or its parent company, STR and its affiliated companies. Please report any violations
        to our editorial staff.














POST































































EVENTS
 




9
AUGUST

 


                HOTEL DATA CONFERENCE
            

 



Omni Nashville Hotel
Nashville, Tennessee





29
AUGUST

 


                SOUTHERN LODGING SUMMIT
            

 



Memphis Cook Convention Center
Memphis, Tennessee






VIEW ALL  






HNN STAPLES
 

  Hotel Acquisition Funds List
  Hotel Industry Terms to Know
  STR chain scales PDF
  Hotel Stock Index
  Events



PRESENTATIONS
 





  
                Anaheim/Orange County Hotel & Lodging Association
            



  
                Latino Hotel Association/NABHOOD conferences
            



  
                Kolter Hospitality Annual Sales Summit
            



  
                ALIS Summer Update
            



  
                FICP Education Event
            





VIEW ALL  






INFOGRAPHICS
 



The link between Google searches and hotel demand



Infographic: 5 things to know about US May performance



Infographic: Older consumers adopting tech





VIEW ALL  
























































Home | Behringer Investments







































×
Attention
 

You are now leaving the Behringer Investments website.
Click "OK" to proceed to the page you have requested.
Click "Cancel" to return to the previous page.

OK
Cancel

 
 
 
 




 





 
 


 



 

Team
Selected Transactions
Contact Us
Investor Login

 
 
 





To continue, please provide the following:


I am a:


Select One
B/D Registered Rep
RIA
RIA with a B/D
Due Diligence Professional


 






User ID:


 
 

Password:


 
 

×
Error! Invalid username or password.
                                 

 
Due Diligence Access - To obtain credentials, please call 469.341.2855
 


Cancel
 
 






First Name


First name is required



Last Name


Last name is required




Business Email


Please, enter valid e-mail address.
E-mail is required




Company or Broker Dealer


Company or Broker is required




Phone #








By agreeing to the following, you are confirming your status as a registered representative and/or investment advisor. The materials available for download are for financial advisor use only and are not to be provided to or utilized with the general public.




×
Error! The form could not be processed at this time. Please try again later.
                         



Cancel
 
 
 
 
 
 


About Behringer

 
Our mission is to provide investors real estate opportunities we believe in.
 


 





Company Overview

Behringer creates and manages real estate investments through public and private fund structures, joint ventures and separately managed accounts. The company also offers strategic advisory, asset management, tax-deferred exchange and capital markets solutions.
Leveraging decades of investment program development, management and performance experience, Behringer provides strategic real estate investment opportunities that have resulted in these accomplishments: Investments sponsored and managed by the Behringer group of companies have attracted equity of more than $6 billion and invested into more than $11 billion in assets. Behringer and its predecessors have sponsored more than 39 fully cycled real estate investment programs. Behringer-sponsored investment programs have acquired assets across 10 countries and within virtually every major commercial real estate asset class.


 





Our Capabilities
 
 




Real Estate Expertise
Investment Classes









Headquartered in Addison, Texas, Behringer’s seasoned team of real estate professionals has expertise in acquisitions, due diligence, development, finance, dispositions, asset management and risk management and is supported by experienced attorneys and accountants proficient in deal structuring, negotiation, regulatory matters and client reporting.Since 1989, through its predecessor companies, Behringer has acquired companies, properties, portfolios, wholly owned assets and joint-venture interests through a variety of ownership structures and investment styles including core, value-added and opportunity style investment strategies.When you partner with Behringer, you're working with professionals who offer expertise in:








Separately Managed Account
Manage high-quality customized real estate portfolios tailored to provide consistent risk-adjusted returns according to client objectives.
 
 
 




Asset Management
Property tax management, risk management, accounting and financial reporting, treasury and cash management, development, construction and engineering management.
 
 
 




Capital Markets
Single asset and corporate finance debt transactions through the entire capital stack, including senior, subordinated, bridge and mezzanine debt and preferred equity.
 
 
 




Dispositions
Hold/sell analysis and market valuations, business plan reviews, tactical disposition timing and market strategy.
 
 
 




Property Management
Financial reporting and budgeting, lease administration and management, start-up and transition services, tenant coordination and conflict resolution and physical property assessments.
 
 
 




Acquisitions
Acquisition capabilities extending from targeted single assets and portfolios to public/private real estate companies and platforms.
 
 
 
 

 









Net Lease and Retail Investments
Behringer Net Lease Advisors, LLC sponsors and manages a series of diversified single-tenant, net lease offerings.
 
 
 




Hospitality
Sourcing capital through a range of partners, Behringer Lodging Group acquires hotel assets and provides due diligence, financial asset management and other strategic services.
 
 
 




Multifamily
Our executive team has decades of experience acquiring and investing in multifamily communities such as conventional apartments, student housing and age-restricted communities.
 
 
 




Residential Mortgages
Through Behringer Advisors, LLC, we acquire discounted residential mortgage notes on the secondary market.
 
 
 




Debt
We specialize in real estate debt instruments and asset acquisition through mezzanine financing strategies.
 
 
 




Office
Our executive team has more than 80 years of combined experience in commercial real estate including acquisitions, financing, management, restructuring and asset repositioning.
 
 
 




Industrial
Our commercial real estate experts have invested in industrial properties located in major U.S. hubs of commerce and transportation—areas where large tenants seek to relocate.
 
 
 
 

 


 
 

 




Company Milestones

For more than three decades, Behringer has been an active investor in industrial, office, retail, land, hotel and residential real estate. Although real estate is its foundation, Behringer has varied investments, including privately held operating businesses and financial assets. These are some of our key milestones. 










1989
Robert M. Behringer launches Behringer Partners in Dallas, Texas.



1995
Robert M. Behringer forms Harvard Property Trust, Inc., a non-listed REIT.



2001
Behringer Harvard is formed to offer commercial real estate investment programs to institutions and individuals.



2002
Behringer Harvard REIT I, Inc. is formed in June. Behringer Harvard Short-Term Opportunity Fund I LP and Behringer Harvard Mid-Term Value Enhancement Fund I LP (renamed Mid-Term Value Enhancement Liquidating Trust in 2011) are formed in July.



2003
Behringer is the first sponsor to offer individuals investment options in multiple, simultaneously offered public, non-listed real estate programs.



2004
The company's first opportunity-style, non-listed REIT, Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I, Inc., is offered to individuals through the independent broker-dealer community in November.



2005
The company’s first investment overseas, the purchase of a strategic office asset in Amsterdam, transpires through Behringer Harvard Strategic Opportunity Fund I LP in January. Strategic Opportunity Fund II is formed in November.



2006
Behringer Harvard Multifamily REIT I, Inc. is formed. Its private offering commences in August.



2007
Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT II, Inc. is formed in January. Opportunity REIT II is the company’s fifth value-added, opportunistic-style investment program.



2008
Behringer Harvard Multifamily REIT I, Inc.’s IPO is announced. Behringer is the first to seed a non-listed public REIT from equity raised in a private offering through the independent broker-dealer community. 

Behringer Europe opens in Hamburg, Germany.



2010
Behringer Harvard Residential, the multifamily property management and operating platform, is formed.



2012
Behringer Harvard REIT I, Inc. enters a contractual agreement with Behringer to become self-managed.

Joint venture formed with Prospect Capital Management LLC to develop alternative investment programs.



2013
Behringer Net Lease Advisors is formed to sponsor a series of high-quality 1031 Delaware Statutory Trust (DST) and other private real estate wealth management programs.

As co-sponsors, Behringer and Prospect Capital Management offer a closed-end fund which purchases equity and junior debt tranches in collateralized loan obligations (CLOs).



2014
With all prior programs closed to new investors, Behringer Harvard becomes Behringer to focus on providing real estate investments through public and private fund structures, joint ventures and separately managed accounts.

As co-sponsors Behringer and Prospect Capital Management offer a closed end fund which invests in securities of energy companies.



2015
Behringer Advisors becomes an SEC registered investment advisor offering strategic advisory, asset management, tax-deferred exchange and capital markets solutions.

Behringer Advisors is named the new adviser to Vertical Capital Income Fund, expanding its commercial real estate expertise to include residential whole mortgage loans through a closed-end, continuously offered interval fund.

 

 





Giving Back
Giving back is ingrained in our company culture and something we view as an integral part of responsible corporate citizenship. Behringer and its employees seek to promote the economic strength, health and wellbeing of the communities in which we do business. Specifically, our efforts have a special focus on programs that champion the interests of children—who represent the future of our industries, our communities and our nation overall.
 
 







REALSchool Garden
Behringer partners with Jerry Junkins in the REAL School Garden project, sponsoring children and educators as they design, install and sustain outdoor garden classrooms. 
Visit Website
 
 
 




Children’s Health℠ at Children’s Medical Center of Dallas
Our employees volunteer at an annual party for Children’s patients and their families. The Behringer-sponsored event includes crafts, games and kits for those who can’t attend.
Visit Website
 
 
 




BMW® Dallas Marathon
Behringer was a key sponsor of the corporate relay challenge. Some Behringer employees participated, while others volunteered at water and Gatorade® stations along the route.
Visit Website
 
 
 




Mayor’s Intern Fellows Program
Behringer employed two full-time interns each summer as part of the 8-week program. High school students gained exposure to industries where they expressed career interest.
Visit Website
 
 
 




The Real Estate Council [TREC]/Fight Night, Dallas
TREC includes commercial real estate professionals and companies that share a desire to shape the future by building alliances and raising funds for improving the community.
Visit Website
 
 
 




Jerry Junkins Elementary School Programs in Carrollton, Texas
Behringer sponsors educational programs, including award-winning mentoring and Career Day, and provides exposure to commercial real estate through the Cityville partnership.
Visit Website
 
 
 
 

 

 





Press Releases





Behringer Announces New CEO as Part of Planned Succession

November 2, 2016
Vertical Capital Income Fund Announces 2016 Fiscal Year-End Performance

October 18, 2016
Vertical Capital Income Fund Announces Q2 2016 Performance

July 25, 2016
Behringer Aligned with Monogram Residential Trust Shareholders

June 28, 2016
Vertical Capital Income Fund Announces Q1 2016 Performance

April 28, 2016

Press Room



 

Top








 
 






