










 




House of Bods Fitness, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:36 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of House of Bods Fitness, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
House of BODS Fitness, Inc. operates a dance studio in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. It offers fitness programs for women; and exercises through dance, TRX training, and kickboxing services. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida.


3234 NW 29th AvenueBoca Raton, FL 33434United StatesFounded in 20071 Employees



Phone: 407-221-4943

www.houseofbodsfitness.com







Key Executives for House of Bods Fitness, Inc.




Ms. Tammy Skalko


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. James Beshara


      	Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director
      


Age: 66
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

House of Bods Fitness, Inc. Key Developments

House of Bods Fitness, Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 31 17
On 03/31/2017, House of Bods Fitness, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


House of BODS Fitness, Inc. Dismisses Scrudato & Co., Pa from Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Jan 12 17
On January 4, 2017, House of BODS Fitness, Inc. dismissed Scrudato & Co., PA from its position as the company's independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of that date. The company's Board of Directors approved the dismissal.


House of Bods Fitness, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Nov 15 16
On 11/15/2016, House of Bods Fitness, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact House of Bods Fitness, Inc., please visit www.houseofbodsfitness.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























House Of BODS Fitness Inc 3234 NW 29th Ave Boca Raton, FL Exercise Programs - MapQuest







































































































    House Of BODS Fitness Inc
  

3234 NW 29th Ave

Boca Raton
FL
33434




 Reviews



(407) 221-4943

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help



























House Of Bods Fitness, Inc.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Sec Exhibit 31 Certifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















House Of Bods Fitness, Inc.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
SEC Exhibit 31 Certifications



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Date: 11/15/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 
Exhibit 31.2

 

CERTIFICATIONS
 

I, James Beshara, certify
that:

 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
House of BODS Fitness, Inc.;

 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;

 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

 

4. The registrant’s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared;

 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control


 








 














House of BODS Fitness Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















house of bods fitness inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Recreation Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Leisure Clubs & Facilities
House of BODS Fitness Inc owns and operates a dance fitness studios.   The Company intends to sell a dance, TRX, and kickboxing fitness DVD series for both men and women.




Corporate Information
Address:

1061 South sun Drive
Suite #1097
Lake Mary, FL
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.bodsdance.com





Board Members




President/CEO
Company


Tammy Skalko
House of Bods Fitness Inc








CFO/Treasurer/Secretary
Company


James Beshara
House of Bods Fitness Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Tammy Skalko


President/CEO




James Beshara


CFO/Treasurer/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS INC Boca Raton FL, 33434 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Amusement and Recreational Services
House of Bods Fitness Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







House of Bods Fitness Inc



3234 Nw 29th Ave

Boca Raton,
							
							
							 FL
							
							
							 33434-3452
							
							 |  view map


(407) 221-4943

www.houseofbodsfitness.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS INC is in the Membership Sports and Recreation Clubs industry in Boca Raton, FL.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Membership Sports and Recreation Clubs
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2010
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Hammer & CO


Montgomery Marine Repair


Barnes & Noble


Ideal Construction CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro


Coats Electric CO Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on House of Bods Fitness Inc
Rate House of Bods Fitness Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about House of Bods Fitness Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGUE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

ADVENT I LLC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
GOODY 2 SHOES
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC
AZURADISC
PANALPINA INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC.











Company number F10000004713
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 900620286
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date 11/18/2015
        

Date Of Incorporation 10/27/2010
        

Principal Address
            3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434
            


Mailing Address 3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434
        
HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC. Principals

President
                Skalko Tammy
                 


Address
                3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434
                 



Secretary
                Beshara James
                 


Address
                35 WATERGATE UNIT 1103, SARASOTA, FL, 34236
                 







Last Annual Reports

2015 11/18/2015
            

2015 11/18/2015
            

2013 11/18/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name SKALKO              TAMMY (p)
        

Agent Address
                3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434
                

HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC. Events

1 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2011
            


2 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 11/18/2015
            


3 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2016
            

Description
HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC. has been set up 10/27/2010 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC. principal adress is 3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434. 
The company`s registered agent is SKALKO              TAMMY 3234 NW 29th avenue, Boca Raton, FL, 33434.  
The company`s management are President - Skalko Tammy, Secretary - Beshara James. The last significant event in the company history is REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/23/2016. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 11/18/2015.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
HOUSE OF BOGE RUDON, INC.
HOUSE OF BOHANNON, LLC
HOUSE OF BOHO L.L.C.
HOUSE OF BOISSIER WINERY, CORP.
HOUSE OF BONES, LLC
HOUSE OF BONES SMOKEHOUSE BBQ, CORP.















House of BODS Is Going Public | Dealbreaker






 




















































 

A Bittersweet Afternoon For The Mooch




 

P&G CEO Sees A Lot Of Himself In Nelson Peltz




 

Cristina Kirchner Not Done Torpedoing Argentine Economy




 

Early Snap Investors To Spend Weekend Praying That They Survive Monday’s Post-Lockup Stampede Out Of Snap Stock




 

Maybe The NFL Itself Has Brain Damage




 

Robinhood Is Just A Few More Snap IPOs From Eradicating Inequality




 

Everybody Else Is Reading This




 

Opening Bell: 7.28.17




 

John Paulson Can Lose Money Just Fine On His Own, Thank You Very Much




 

Fed Nominee Ready To Do Small Number On Dodd-Frank




 

Now Is A Great Time For Bill Ackman To Sell ADP




 

Trump Administration Now Likely Working On Special Tax Reform Plan Just For Jeff Bezos




 

Next Time A Drunk Client Promises You A Huge Bonus At A Bar, Get It In Writing On A Cocktail Napkin




 

In Dramatic Show Of Contrition, Ex-Execs Cover 0.3 Percent Of Deutsche Bank’s Post-Crisis Fines




 

Everybody Else Is Reading This







X
Close Signup Modal





Newsletter Signup
Want the latest financial news, headlines, commentary, and analysis? Sign up for the Dealbreaker newsletter.




 


Send Tips
Archives
About
Advertising
 




 



Dealbreaker 














Search











Wilson Sonsini tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index for 2nd straight year



Dealbreaker’s First Ever MBA Rank-Out






News
House of BODS Is Going Public

By
Bess Levin 


10940832 Commentshttp%3A%2F%2Fdealbreaker.com%2F2013%2F08%2Fhouse-of-bods-is-going-public%2FHouse+of+BODS+Is+Going+Public2013-08-16+20%3A14%3A31Bess+Levinhttp%3A%2F%2Fdealbreaker.com%2F%3Fp%3D109408 /
Aug 16, 2013 at 4:14 PM Shares1 





House of BODS is a dance studio in Central Florida. Since opening in 2007, it’s said to have gained thousands of clients who attend classes that incorporate “flirty, fun, and sexy moves that keep them wanting more.” Its mantra is “anything is possible if you believe baby” and what the brass at BODS believes, baby, is that this company has the potential to be huge. But right now, it’s small. HOBs has just one location, and last quarter its revenue was $5,517. How can BODs achieve a transformation akin to those of clients who started out tubby, out of shape, and unable to do a single high kick and in time “sweated themselves sexy”? Two words: DVD, infomercial. 
BODS feels extremely confident that its key to success is the production of a fitness DVD, that will be sold via infomercial. From there, sky’s the limit. But making and shooting DVDs costs money and money is something BODs doesn’t have right now. That’s why the team has decided to do an initial public offering, sans underwriters, and raise the money from you, the people. 
Interested?
The details:

House of BODS is offering “up to 26,040,000 shares of common stock”
Its auditor has “raised substantial doubt about [its] ability to continue as a going concern”
Some of its officers and directors are not focused on the biz full-time, “which may result in conflicts of interest in allocating their time between [BODs’] operations and other businesses”
It’s really putting all its eggs in one basket with this DVD
There are a lot of risks in doing that, which include that fact that: 1) people may not “embrace the DVD” 2) there could be “shipment delays” 3) competitors might come out with their own, better DVDs 4) clients might say “to hell with your DVDs, we want the live show”


Having said that, BODs is pretty confident it’s got a potentially great product on its hands, namely because it’s going to star BODs President, CEO, and director Tammy Skalko, whose bio is as follows:
Tammy Skalko, CEO, President and Director
Ms. Skalko has been an officer and director of our Company since 2010 and previously worked full time running BODS Transcending Co. Ms. Skalko, who began in the “commercial” world of television and acting/dance/modeling at age 4, has worked on numerous television commercials, ranging from Coca-cola to Disney World. By age 14, Tammy set out for a transition into dance and worked on Nickelodeon “Keenan and Kel” as well as ‘The Mickey Mouse Club’. She has worked with Guns n Roses, Motley Crue, and Def Leopard [sic], as a background dancer for Prince concerts, music videos, and eventually Saturo Models in Tokyo at age 19. She took a leave from the entertainment world from 1992 to 2007.
Act fast and maybe they’ll throw some participation in the DVD your way. For 100 shares, you get to hold the boom mic, for 1000 shares you can be an example of a “before.” 5000 means you get to be one of the extras who does the moves alongside Skalko and for 10,000 shares you get to be the pole. 
For 15,000 shares they’ll let you wear a sandwich board that says “flirty! fun! sexy!” on the front and “anything is possible if you believe baby” on the back while walking up and down the sidewalk outside the studio.
HOUSE OF BODS FITNESS, INC [SEC]
House of BODS [HOBS]
BODS Dance [Twitter]


Shares1


Topics
a background dancer for Prince, anything is possible if you believe baby, central Florida, dance fitness DVD model, Def Leppard, Florida, Guns 'n Roses, House of BODS, infomercials, IPOs, Keenan and Kel, limited revenue, Motley Crue, sweat yourself sexy, Tammy Skalko, The Mickey Mouse Club 
—ADVERTISEMENT—







Love Dealbreaker?
		Let's make it official.
		Sign up for our newsletter.



Popular Articles



 

Lloyd Blankfein, Whose Favorite Leisure Activity Is To ‘Lie On The Couch,’ Tells Interns To Be More Interesting




 

Bill Ackman Starts Over




 

Michael Flynn Decides That A Famously Toxic Reputation Is Not A Barrier To Entry For Private Equity Consulting




 

If Firing People Is An Art Form, Anthony Scaramucci Should Study The Work Of Hampton Creek’s Embattled CEO




 

A Bittersweet Afternoon For The Mooch




 

Next Time A Drunk Client Promises You A Huge Bonus At A Bar, Get It In Writing On A Cocktail Napkin




 

The SEC Just Crashed The ICO Party




 

John Paulson Can Lose Money Just Fine On His Own, Thank You Very Much




 

Now Is A Great Time For Bill Ackman To Sell ADP




 

Deutsche Bank Getting More Deutsche By The Minute




 

Dan Loeb Reminds Investors That The Trump Administration Ain’t Done Sh!t




 

Goldman Sachs Became Obsessed With Millennials And Now David Solomon Is An EDM DJ




 

Robinhood Is Just A Few More Snap IPOs From Eradicating Inequality




 

Opening Bell: 7.24.17




 

Brian Moynihan Choosing Dublin As BofA’s Post-Brexit Home Because Who Doesn’t Love A Cliché

























10940832 commentshttp%3A%2F%2Fdealbreaker.com%2F2013%2F08%2Fhouse-of-bods-is-going-public%2FHouse+of+BODS+Is+Going+Public2013-08-16+20%3A14%3A31Bess+Levinhttp%3A%2F%2Fdealbreaker.com%2F%3Fp%3D109408
(hidden for your protection)

Show all comments





10940832 Responseshttp%3A%2F%2Fdealbreaker.com%2F2013%2F08%2Fhouse-of-bods-is-going-public%2FHouse+of+BODS+Is+Going+Public2013-08-16+20%3A14%3A31Bess+Levinhttp%3A%2F%2Fdealbreaker.com%2F%3Fp%3D109408 to “House of BODS Is Going Public”








HOB Asian says: 

			August 16, 2013 at 4:22 PM 
I didnt take linear algebra, but I masturbated with the assitance of a textbook on the subject once.  





Dealbreaker IB MD says: 

			August 16, 2013 at 4:30 PM 
Doesn't this seem like a great opportunity for the new Dealbreaker IB division to go to work? Let Matt have his time to shine.  





HotKarl says: 

			August 16, 2013 at 4:33 PM 
Very ironic that 'Skalko' is some derivation of 'skank' + 'bimbo'. 





trader says: 

			August 16, 2013 at 4:56 PM 
I don't really see how it can be taken to the next level, unless the chicks at the picture will start working as whores.  





Uninvited Guest says: 

			August 16, 2013 at 5:21 PM 
This is stupid. What are these women thinking? 
— R. Shamrakova 





Giacco says: 

			August 17, 2013 at 2:09 AM 
Sorry, I can not agree. An IPO is always good in a Q3 environ. The company is obviously vertically integrated, in a pole position, plus members have and need traction. Strong Buy! 





tommy belesis says: 

			August 19, 2013 at 2:11 PM 
you guys need an underwriter? 





Jasa GFacebook says: 

			September 10, 2013 at 10:11 AM 
thanks for shareing.. 





Jasa SEO says: 

			December 15, 2013 at 1:04 PM 
Thanks very Much.. 





Cara Facebook says: 

			December 15, 2013 at 1:05 PM 
thanks for shareing, thanks very much… 





Cara Facebook says: 

			December 15, 2013 at 1:06 PM 
thanks… 





How to Go Paleo says: 

			December 17, 2013 at 1:54 PM 
I hope this does well for them. It seems like a great studio. 





IDRPOKER.COM says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:04 AM 
Very ironic that 'Skalko' is some derivation of 'skank' + 'bimbo'.  





ituPoker.net says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:05 AM 
I don't really see how it can be taken to the next level, unless the chicks at the picture will start working as whores.  





POKER ONLINE says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:06 AM 
Sorry, I can not agree. An IPO is always good in a Q3 environ. The company is obviously vertically integrated, in a pole position, plus members have and need traction. Strong Buy!  





IDRPOKER.COM says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:07 AM 
I hope this does well for them. It seems like a great studio.  





POKER ONLINE says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:08 AM 
POKER ONLINE its enjoy… 





AGEN JUDI POKER says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:09 AM 
opotional articles…. 





AGEN JUDI DOMINO says: 

			January 3, 2014 at 12:10 AM 
AGEN JUDI POKER , AGEN JUDI DOMINO MANTAP….!!!! 





apartments for rent says: 

			January 9, 2014 at 6:20 AM 
OMG, that house is indeed huge!! From the view of the image it looks so nice and I think from real view it'll be much impressive than ever. What a nice place type house Steven Cohen have!! Thanks 





Poker Online says: 

			January 13, 2014 at 12:03 PM 
OMG, that house is indeed huge!! From the view of the image it looks so nice and I think from real view it'll be much impressive than ever. What a nice place type house Steven Cohen have!! Thanks  





jasa facebook says: 

			January 19, 2014 at 11:00 AM 
thanks very much? 





Sally says: 

			January 22, 2014 at 5:33 AM 
5000 means you get to be one of the extras who does the moves alongside Skalko and for 10,000 shares you get to be the pole biltmore condo for rent 





Robert Janeson says: 

			January 22, 2014 at 6:50 AM 
Some of its officers and directors are not focused on the biz full-time, “which may result in conflicts of interest in allocating their time between [BODs'] operations and other businesses 1st time home buyer loan 





Online Indonesia says: 

			January 30, 2014 at 2:35 PM 
Agen Online Indonesia Terpercaya 





Indonesia Terpercaya says: 

			January 30, 2014 at 2:37 PM 
Agen Online Indonesia Terpercaya
Agen Online Indonesia Terpercaya
Hosting Murah Berkualitas</a
Bandar Situs Online Terpercaya
Jasa Pembuatan Radio Streaming 





cakra says: 

			March 12, 2014 at 10:29 AM 
Some things in here I have not thought about before. Thanks for making such a cool post.
 tour travel semarang  





cakrawal says: 

			March 12, 2014 at 10:31 AM 
There are so many different prospects when it comes to this subject. Thanks for sharing your knowledge on this particular aspect and making it easier for us treat interesting post and thanks for sharing. Some things in here I have not thought about before. Thanks for making such a cool post
 paket tour ke singapore malaysia dan Thailand 
 program tour Thailand- Malaysia- Singapura 
 toru travel semarang  





tommysyatriadi says: 

			June 12, 2014 at 6:33 AM 
contoh batuan beku 





Jasa Iklan Facebook says: 

			September 24, 2014 at 1:45 PM 
Jasa Iklan Facebook FanspageID 





Lagu Galau Sedih says: 

			March 15, 2016 at 8:01 PM 
Indo blog Cara Download Lagu Galau Sedih Terbaru Call Center Free Anonymox Proxy 





Jasa video shooting says: 

			December 24, 2016 at 10:02 PM 
Nice article….good job http://jasavideophoto.com/ 














 


Editorial Staff Executive Editor
Thornton McEnery
Contributing Editor
Jon Shazar
Reporter
Owen Davis
Send Tips
tips@dealbreaker.com

 
Sponsored Content
HOW TO SCORE RISK AND ASSESS THIRD-PARTY VENDORS
With enhanced terrorism financing threats, financial firms need to be unwavering in their diligence when inspecting prospective third parties. 

Thomson Reuters 
 News from idealmedia.com
 


 
Sponsored Content
Master Your Student Loan Debt
Life without student debt. Get there sooner…

SoFi 




Want the latest financial news, headlines, commentary, and analysis? Sign up for the Dealbreaker newsletter.




Popular Posts


Today
Week
Month
All





									Lloyd Blankfein, Whose Favorite Leisure Activity Is To ‘Lie On The Couch,’ Tells Interns To Be More Interesting								



									Bill Ackman Starts Over								



									Michael Flynn Decides That A Famously Toxic Reputation Is Not A Barrier To Entry For Private Equity Consulting								



									If Firing People Is An Art Form, Anthony Scaramucci Should Study The Work Of Hampton Creek’s Embattled CEO								



									A Bittersweet Afternoon For The Mooch								







									New Study Reveals That Business Schools Are Failing To Pull MBA Heads Out Of MBA Asses								



									Jeff Bezos Is Sadistically Curious If He Can Personally Make Blue Apron Stock Worth Negative Dollars								



									Goldman Sachs Became Obsessed With Millennials And Now David Solomon Is An EDM DJ								



									Lloyd Blankfein, Whose Favorite Leisure Activity Is To ‘Lie On The Couch,’ Tells Interns To Be More Interesting								



									TriBeCa Whole Foods Officially Too Expensive For Area Investment Bankers								







									Blackstone Associate Regrets Sending Threatening Emails After Being Called Out For Sending Threatening Emails								



									Goldman Is Wondering If Anyone Else Is Getting Weird Vibes From This Trump Guy								



																		After Exhaustive Research, Goldman Sachs Concludes Millennials Are A Bunch Of Assh*les								



																		Wall Street Intern Turned Adult Entertainment Star Offers Career Advice								



																		It Turns Out That The Feds Have Been Onto Martin Shkreli For Years								




 





















Newsletter Signup
Want the latest financial news, headlines, commentary, and analysis? Sign up for the Dealbreaker newsletter.




Contact Us Executive Editor
Bess Levin
Senior Editor
Thornton McEnery
How Can We Help You?
Send tips to:
tips@dealbreaker.com
For tech issues email:
web@dealbreaker.com
For advertising or events email:
advertising@breakingmedia.com
For research or custom solutions email:
services@breakingmedia.com
 





×


Love Dealbreaker?
	Let's make it official.
	Sign up for our newsletter.


Follow us 





No thanks





Shares1 

















House of BODS Fitness, Inc. SEC Filing Form 10-K Annual report 2/2016, submited: 2016-04-14





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






House of BODS Fitness, Inc.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in House of BODS Fitness, Inc..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (4) | Filings (44) | Investment rounds (1) | Annual reports (2) |  Stock |  News
House of BODS Fitness, Inc. SEC Filing Form 10-K Annual report 2/2016, submited: 2016-04-14<< back to list of filingsForm 10-KA 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.


10-K
1
form10-k.htm


 

 
 
UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington,
D.C. 20549
 
FORM
10-K
 
(Mark
One)
 
[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For
the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2015
 
or
 
[  ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________
 
Commission
file number: 000-55405
 
House
of BODS Fitness, Inc.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 


Delaware
 
90-0620286

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of
 
(I.R.S.
    Employer

Incorporation
    or organization)
 
Identification
    No.)

 
 
 

3234
    NW 29th Ave Boca Raton, FL
 
33434

(Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)
 
(Zip
    Code)

 
Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (407) 221-4943
 
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act
 


Title
    of each class
 
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

N/A
 
N/A

 
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act
 
Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(Title
of Class)
 
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]
 
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]
 
[  ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [  ] No [ X ]
 
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [  ]
No [ X ]
 
Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ X ]
 
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
 


Large
    accelerated filer [  ]
Accelerated
    filer [  ]

Non-accelerated
    filer [  ]
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)
 

 
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [  ] No [X]
 
State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. $117,000.
 
Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
16,070,000 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of April 13, 2016.
 
DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
None.
 

 

 

   
   

 
TABLE
OF CONTENTS
 


 
 
Page

 
PART I
 

 
 
 

Item
    1
Business
2

Item
    1A
Risk Factors
5

Item
    1B
Unresolved Staff Comments
14

Item
    2
Properties
14

Item
    3
Legal Proceedings
14

Item
    4
Mine Safety Disclosures


 
 
 

 
PART II
 

 
 
 

Item
    5
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
15

Item
    6
Selected Financial Data
15

Item
    7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
15

Item
    7A
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
17

Item
    8
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
17

Item
    9
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
17

Item
    9A
Controls and Procedures
18

Item
    9B
Other Information
19

 
 
 

 
PART III
 

 
 
 

Item
    10
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
19

Item
    11
Executive Compensation
20

Item
    12
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
21

Item
    13
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
22

Item
    14
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
23

 
 
 

 
PART IV
 

 
 
 

Item
    15
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
24 

 
Signatures
25 

 


 1 
   

 
PART
I
 
ITEM
1. BUSINESS
 
The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in
this annual report on Form 10-K.
 
As
used in this annual report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms “we,” “us,” “House
of BODS” and “our” refer to House of BODS Fitness, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
 
General
 
We
were incorporated in the state of Delaware on October 13, 2010. Our business operations were originally conducted under a wholly
owned subsidiary, BODS…Transcending Company (BODT). BODT was incorporated in the state of Florida on September 11, 2007
and was terminated on September 26, 2014. In 2014, the Company determined that it no longer needed to continue to operate through
a subsidiary and all of its operations were transferred to Company.
 
Our
founder and Chief Executive Officer, Tammy Skalko, is our only full-time employee, and we currently have no part-time employees
or contracted dance/fitness instructors. Ms. Skalko has recently developed her own dance fitness program, which has become very
popular with our clients since she began teaching the program. Our fitness program, created for women, works out “body and
mind,” elevating the spirit while burning calories. The mantra of “anything is possible if you believe baby”
runs through the program and “sweat yourself sexy” is one of the many tenets of the fun dance sessions encompassing
our fitness program. Our new approach to exercise, making exercise fun through dance, TRX training, and kickboxing takes the bore
and lack of motivation out of traditional exercising and entices the audience with flirty, fun and sexy moves that keep them wanting
more. Our program creates a style of exercise that captivates our participants in such a way that it keeps them moving. Our “fun”
atmosphere motivates the individual to keep going, while benefiting from the exercise. Ms. Skalko, our CEO, has led a hectic life
as the mother of 4 children. She has personally found that the House of Bods Fitness program has helped her maintain her figure
and given her the energy required to run a business and raise her children.
 
The
Company has recently focused on training and business development and therefore does not presently have any dance studios open.
Ms. Skalko continues to provide four clients with private training sessions in their homes. These clients each average two sessions
per week at $20-25 per session. The Company counts a client as any individual who has purchased at least one class or personal
training session. The Company is currently looking for a suitable site to lease or purchase to resume dance classes and training
sessions. The Company intends to resume classes and increase personal training sessions within 30 days of acquiring a facility.
After reviewing some major markets in Atlanta, LA, Toronto, Daytona Beach and Austin, TX, the Company has settled its search for
an appropriate facility to the South Florida regions, including Boca Raton, West Palm Beach and/or Ft. Lauderdale as the most
promising. These areas combine the Company’s need for affordable space together with demographics most likely to desire
the Company’s unique brand of fitness (among other things: disposable income and openness towards trendy, sexy, dancing.).
The Company will be focusing their efforts over the coming year to acquiring an acceptable facility and reinstituting classes.
 
Clients
will be able to purchase a package of either six sessions/classes for $240 or 12 sessions/classes for $420. There is no monthly
membership option for studio classes and personal training sessions. Since our classes and individual personal training sessions
will generally be of interest to individuals who live near our corporate location, we expect to market the benefits of our classes
and individual sessions through local advertising. We estimate, based on previous experience in our prior studio, that within
60 days of the start of classes and sessions, we will have 15-30 clients who will book 6-8 classes or sessions per month with
an average spending of $210-$320 per client each month. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining clients.
 
Online
Videos and DVDs
 
Upon
receipt of sufficient working capital, we propose to produce our first dance fitness video series and our initial infomercial.
In order to produce and launch our fitness video series, the Company has commenced research for a contractor to film and mass
produce the series. Ms. Skalko has already started planning for the content of the videos. She will be the primary instructor
in the video series alongside several independently contracted instructors who will show modified versions of the various routines.
The next step, which may take up to six months to complete, will be to prepare for the filming. This may include a model search,
script editing and securing an appropriate location. Our plan calls for the initial DVD series to contain four DVDs with different
styles of dance fitness on each. Customers will be able to purchase the DVDs individually or as a set. Based on research done
by the Company, we believe the cost to produce and package a DVD series may be $16.97 per set or $4.25 per individual DVD. We
anticipate charging $69.99 for each set or $16.99 per individual DVD. The four styles are:
 


 2 
   

 


 
 ●
“Chair-otica”,
    a fun dance aerobics class using a chair as a prop and set to familiar top 40 songs;

 
 
 

 
 ●
“Erotic
    Movement”, a tantric, slow moving workout performed on a mat designed to teach sensual body awareness through movement,
    as well as flexibility work;

 
 
 

 
 ●
“Body
    Blast”, a workout very similar to a typical lifestyle fitness class which will use bands, balls, and mats to tone, tighten
    and tone; “Pole Dance”, a class that will teach basic pole dance moves, spins, and transitions while getting an
    aerobic dance workout.

 
Infomercials
typically go through a period of on-air testing and other means such as focus groups to obtain feedback that can be used to make
edits designed to elicit the greatest consumer response. We expect to test market our infomercial with the intention of obtaining
the right formula to attract sales and make the economics of airing the infomercial nationally viable. If successful in raising
sufficient working capital to do so, we will build our customer base through our infomercial and web marketing. While infomercials
will be the initial focus for our channel distribution strategy, we expect to sell our products through additional channels, including
retail. Our marketing campaign will be designed to be integrated with a retail strategy such that the infomercial helps drive
retail sales and build awareness for our product among consumers. We expect to take our DVDs to retail stores after they have
gained success in the direct-to-consumer market but prior to the direct-to-consumer market being saturated.
 
Possible
obstacles include being unable to secure a favorable proposal from a contractor to produce and launch the film, or we may be unable
to start filming in our suggested timeframe. Other possible obstacles to our DVD series include complications in finding the right
extra instructors to demonstrate variations on the routines, difficulty in finding a suitable location to film, and unforeseen
delays from the post-film production crew. Complications with any of the above listed factors could cause a delay in the production
and launch of our fitness DVD series. The Company intends to spend between $125,000 and $455,000 on the production, launch, and
marketing of its online videos and DVDs.
 
Website
Updates
 
We
believe that our website, www.houseofbodsfitness.com, will be an integral component of our direct response television marketing
(DRTV) campaigns. Our website may also serve as a tool to further educate the consumer about our video series and other fitness
related products, including exercise equipment and apparel we intend to offer. It is our purpose to drive traffic to our websites
via the airings of our infomercial, press coverage, and online marketing, including banner advertisements and email marketing.
We will require sufficient working capital to complete these programs and will need to develop operating systems to effect online
sales. There can be no assurance we will have the resources to do so. The Company contracted with Rank Executives to improve our
internet presence with an updated website that is functioning and aesthetically pleasing. The Company worked with Rank Executives
to create logos and graphics that can be used to increase traffic to the site. Rank Executives have also laid the foundation for
the e-commerce functionality that the site will require once our DVD series has been produced.
 
Fee-based
Virtual Community
 
We
anticipate that we will be able to gain exposure to a large number of targeted individuals through our infomercial and other marketing
approaches. If we are able to achieve 50,000 unique individual visitors to our website, we hope to offer an online virtual community
to paying members for an anticipated price of $29.99 per month. This monthly membership will offer a community of services and
support geared toward women including support emails, personalized downloadable classes and access to additional video tutorials
of interest. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in generating 50,000 unique visitors to the website. The
Company reserves the right to reconsider the event which will trigger the offering of a paid subscription service as described
in this paragraph at their sole discretion. Possible obstacles to implementing our paid subscription service to a virtual community
include not being able to secure a favorable proposal for the website design and not being able to generate enough content for
the virtual community.
 
We
propose to grow our business by expanding and increasing our online commerce. Anytime money is exchanged over the internet, there
are concerns regarding fraud, privacy and other unknown problems.
 
A
significant barrier to online commerce and communications is the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks.
Our failure to prevent security breaches could harm our business. We expect our customers to authorize us to bill their credit
card accounts directly for all transactions charged by us. We will rely on encryption and authorization technology to provide
the security and authentication technology to effect secure transmission of confidential information, including customer credit
card numbers.
 


 3 
   

 
Viral/Social
Media Marketing
 
In
order to expand our database, we have begun to utilize viral marketing techniques (marketing techniques that use preexisting social
networks to produce increases in brand awareness through self-replicating viral processes). For example, we have established a
Facebook account and plan to incorporate Twitter, YouTube, and other social media sites to market our fitness videos and provide
free content and previews of our new and developing products. Ms. Skalko currently is in charge of our social media presence.
The Company does not believe it will require any additional financing to utilize viral marketing techniques to expand our database.
 
Affiliate
Programs
 
We
hope to form partnerships or distributorship with owners of websites to allow our partners to earn a commission by promoting our
products and/or brand links (text, images, banners, products) on our affiliates’ websites. We expect to provide affiliates
with a range of banners, coupons, and product links for our DVDs and other products. Using web-based technology, we expect to
be able to track visitors from each affiliate site. Affiliate sites could include fitness sites, as well as sites dedicated to
selling products from infomercials (i.e., www.asseenontv.com). The Company does not believe it will require any additional financing
to utilize affiliate marketing programs.
 
Competition
 
The
fitness club industry is highly competitive and continues to become more competitive. In the market in which we operate or the
markets in which we expect to operate, we compete with other fitness clubs, physical fitness and recreational facilities established
by local governments, hospitals and businesses for their employees, amenity and condominium clubs, the YMCA and similar organizations
and, to a certain extent, with racquet and tennis and other athletic clubs, country clubs, weight reducing salons and the home-use
fitness equipment industry. We also compete with other entertainment and retail businesses for the discretionary income in our
target demographics. The number of competitor clubs that offer lower pricing and a lower level of service continue to grow in
our markets and in markets in which we expect to operate. The trend to larger outer-suburban, multi-recreational family fitness
centers, in areas where suitable real estate is more likely to be available, also compete against our suburban, fitness-only models.
We will face intense competition in the DVD fitness arena, including from fitness DVDs productions featuring entertainment and
other icons who are well established in this and other industries. Zumba and Dancing with the Stars are two examples of popular
dance fitness DVDs. Many of these competitors are well established and have substantially more resources available to them then
we do.
 
Material
Agreements
 
The
Company currently has no material agreements.
 
Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions
 
From
November 2007 to November 2013, the Company did not pay any rent for the use of the facility that housed our fitness operations.
The facility was 100% owned by an entity owned by the Company’s majority shareholder. There was no agreement for the Company
to pay rent, nor was there a binding agreement for use of the facility to be provided indefinitely on a rent-free basis. The fair
value of this arrangement was reflected in the financial statements as rent expense and a capital contribution by a shareholder.
The Company ceased operations at this facility in October 2013. The Company recorded rent expense of $16,200 for the period ended
December 31, 2013. The Company leased storage and video filming space in 2014 and recorded rent expense of $2,806 for the period
ending December 31, 2014. The Company recorded $1,033 in rent expense for the period ending December 31, 2015.
 
The
Company has one convertible promissory note dated September 13, 2013, from Edward Beshara, the brother of James Beshara, our CFO,
Secretary and Treasurer and a Director, with an original principal balance of $10,000, which was due in full on or before September
13, 2015. This Note is now month to month. No payments have been made on this note for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015
and 2014 respectively, leaving a balance of $10,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The Note is convertible by
the holder at $.10 per share.
 
The Company had a note dated May 19, 2014, payable to Ms. Skalko,
our President, CEO and Director, with an original principal balance of $4,000, which was payable on demand. The note was paid-in-full
in February 2015.
 
The
Company has one convertible promissory note dated October 28, 2014, from Edward Beshara, the brother of James Beshara, our CFO,
Secretary and Treasurer and a Director, with an original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before
October 28, 2016. No payments have been made on this note for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2015 or 2014, respectively,
leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The Note is convertible by the holder at $.10 per
share.
 
The
Company has one note dated October 31, 2014, from Ms. Skalko, our President, CEO, and a Director, with an original principal balance
of $4,000, which will be due in full on demand. No payments have been made on this note for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2015 or 2014, respectively, leaving a balance of $4,000. There is no interest accruing on this Note.
 
The
Company has one convertible promissory note dated January 23, 2015 from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
with an original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before January 23, 2017. No interim payments are
due under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 20%
per annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.15 per share.
 


 4 
   

 
The
Company has one Convertible Promissory Note dated May 21, 2015 from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
with an original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before May 21, 2017. No interim payments are due
under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per
annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.15 per share.
 
On
October 26, 2015, the Company executed a convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary,
Treasurer and Director, in the original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before October 26, 2017.
No interim payments are due under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest
at a rate of 12% per annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 
On
January 16, 2016, the Company executed an unsecured convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO,
Secretary, Treasurer and Director, in the original principal balance of $25,000, which will be due in full on or before January
16, 2018. The note carries an interest rate of 12% per annum with no interim payments of interest or principal due on the note
until maturity. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 
On
March 29, 2016, the Company executed an unsecured convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary,
Treasurer and Director, in the original principal balance of $25,000, which will be due in full on or before March 29, 2018. The
note carries an interest rate of 20% per annum with no interim payments of interest or principal due on the note until maturity.
This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
  
Intellectual
Property
 
The
Company does not hold rights to any intellectual property at this time.
  
Governmental
Regulations
 
Not
applicable.
 
EMPLOYEES
 
We
presently have only one (1) employee, who is also our President and CEO. Staffing levels will be determined as we progress and
grow. The level of employees is primarily contingent on the funds available for operations. Our board of directors will determine
the compensation of all new employees based upon job description.
 
ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS
 
An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks
and uncertainties in addition to other information in this report in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing
shares of our company’s common stock. Our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed
due to any of the following risks. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks.
 
RISKS
RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
We
will need additional infusions of capital.
 
We
will need outside funding to provide the working capital necessary to implement our business plan. Funding is necessary for us
to produce our initial dance fitness DVD and online video series and infomercial and to increase our presence on the internet.
If we fail to arrange for sufficient working capital in the future, we will not be able to expand operations until we can obtain
adequate financing. We may not be able to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed,
which will adversely affect our prospects. If we do not raise the necessary capital, we may not be able to continue as a going
concern. Debt financing must be repaid regardless of whether or not we generate profits or sufficient cash flow from our business
activities to satisfy the obligations.
 


 5 
   

 
Any
capital we do raise will likely result in dilution to our stockholders’ ownership and voting rights in our company.
 
Equity
financing will result in dilution to existing stockholders and may involve securities that have rights, preferences, or privileges
that are senior to our Common Stock. We may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing, including investment
banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize
non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely
impact our financial condition.
 
We
have limited working capital.
 
Because
we are small and have limited working capital, we must limit our operations and carefully execute our business plan. Because we
will have to limit our operations based on available working capital, we may not generate sufficient sales to make a profit. If
we do not make a profit, we may have to suspend or cease operations.
 
Our
auditor has raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
 
The
report of our independent auditor regarding our audited financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2015 indicates
that there are a number of factors that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have an accumulated
deficit since inception of $386,851 as of December 31, 2015 and have limited revenues. Our future is dependent upon achieving
a profitable level of operations or on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. This
is a significant risk to investors who purchase shares of our Common Stock because there is an increased risk that we may not
be able to generate and/or raise enough capital to remain operational. Management believes that its current and future plans enable
it to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months due to our ability to issue debt and equity securities, seek strategic
partners and our current proposal to initiate additional revenue streams through our proposed dance fitness DVD’s, the opening
of a new studio, and our online community membership fees.
 
To
meet our objectives, we will need to continue to raise additional capital through the sale of our common stock and debt financing
in order to support existing operations and expand the range and scope of our business. However, there are no assurances that
we will be successful in raising capital through an equity or debt offering on acceptable terms and in a timely manner, if at
all. We have no formal, binding commitments for funding from debt and equity securities. There is no assurance that we will obtain
strategic partners or be able to generate sufficient additional revenue through the source identified above. The failure to obtain
the necessary working capital would have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and, if there is a shortfall, the
Company may have to curtail or cease its operations.
 
RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
 
We
have recently changed our business plan and do not have sufficient operating history in the dance fitness DVD and online video
industry to know if we can implement this plan successfully.
 
We
commenced operations as House of BODS Fitness, Inc. in late 2010 and have no operating history in the dance fitness DVD and online
video industry on which an evaluation of our company’s new venture can be measured. For that reason, it may be difficult
for a potential investor to judge our prospects for success.
 
House
of BODS Fitness, Inc. was incorporated on October 13, 2010 and has not had a significant operating history from which to evaluate
our business and prospects. BODS…Transcending Company, our former subsidiary, was organized on September 10, 2007 and had
only one (1) operating dance studio. We are no longer utilizing that studio and are in the process of seeking a new location.
After the acquisition of BODT, we changed our business strategy to include the addition of our dance fitness DVD and online video
model as well as individual fitness training. As of this date, we have had limited revenue. There can be no assurance that our
current operations and /or our future proposed operations will be implemented successfully or that we will ever have profits.
If we are unable to sustain and expand our operations, our stockholders would likely lose their entire investments. Although BODT
operated our studio from November 2007 to November 2013, its operations have not provided substantial revenue, and we do not have
experience with producing a dance fitness video series. We, therefore, face all the risks inherent in a new business, including
the expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with new operations, including capital
requirements and managements’ potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs. Additionally, we may encounter delays
and other problems. We also face the risk that we will not be able to effectively implement our business plan. In evaluating our
business and prospects, these difficulties should be considered. If we are not efficient in addressing these risks, we will not
operate profitably or perhaps at all, and we may not have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due.
Our ability to operate as a going concern and to achieve profitable operations will depend on such factors as the success of our
business model, marketing strategy, market penetration, competition and the availability of financing. No assurance can be given
that we will be able to successfully develop our business under the foregoing conditions and given the inherent risks.
 


 6 
   

 
We
will initially depend on only one dance studio and our personal training program to conduct our operations.
 
We
currently do not have an operating studio. Our initial operations will be substantially reliant on the success of our personal
training program, one dance studio space to be opened in the future and the market acceptance of our dance fitness DVD and online
videos. If we are unable to locate a new studio, or our dance studio were to operate at a loss, it would have a negative impact
on our business and results of operation. While we intend to have casualty insurance to protect us against damage and loss of
our dance studio, such insurance may be insufficient to protect us from any losses we may incur and would not protect us from
the disruption in our operations that would likely result from any material damage to, or loss of, our dance studio to fire, flooding
or other causes, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, and prospects.
 
Consumers
may not embrace our dance fitness DVD and online videos or preferences may change.
 
Our
ability to operate our business successfully is dependent initially on the success of a variety of factors, including our ability
to develop and sell our fitness videos and other products we introduce to the public. We anticipate that our business will be
targeted to consumers who assign high value to a healthy lifestyle and exercise. Our ability to grow our customer base and generate
sales will depend initially upon customer-acceptance of our fitness videos and the importance consumers place on healthy lifestyles
and exercise. We cannot assure you that the demographic trends on which our business plan is based will continue or that the current
levels of consumer interest in healthy lifestyles and exercise will be sustained. The decrease of consumer interest in these trends
would materially and adversely affect the growth of our customer base and sales revenues and, accordingly, would have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 
We
may not be able to attract and retain a sufficient number of clients to maintain or expand the business.
 
Our
dance fitness studio business will depend on our ability to attract and retain clients, and we cannot assure you that our marketing
efforts will lead to viable client attendance levels or that the client attendance levels at the studios we may open in the future
will be at levels required to achieve profitability, or if profitability is realized will not materially decline. There are numerous
factors that could lead to a decline in attendance levels or sales of our product including changes in discretionary spending
trends and general economic conditions, market maturity or saturation, our failure to deliver quality service at a competitive
price, direct and indirect competition in the areas where our studios are located and a decline in the public’s interest
in health and fitness. In order to achieve and maintain acceptable membership levels, we may from time to time offer lower session
rates. Any decrease in our average revenues or higher client acquisition costs may adversely impact our operating margins.
 
Our
sales and operating results may vary widely.
 
We
expect to experience fluctuations in our operating results as a result of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:
 


 
● 
Fluctuations
    in promotional, advertising, and marketing expenditures;

 
●
The
    introduction of new fitness videos or other products or delays in such introductions;

 
●
The
    introduction or announcement of new products by our competitors;

 
●
Customer
    acceptance of our new fitness videos and/or other products;

 
●
Shipment
    delays;

 
●
Consumer
    perceptions of our products and operations;

 
●
Competitive
    pricing pressures;

 
●
The
    adverse effect of our distributors’ or suppliers’ failure, and allegations of their failure, to comply with applicable regulations;

 
●
Economic
    conditions in general and in the fitness and lifestyles industry in particular;

 
●
The
    negative effect of changes in or interpretations of regulations that may limit or restrict the sale of certain of our products;

 
●
The
    expansion of our operations into new markets; and

 
●
The
    introduction of our products into each new market.

 
Any
of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have
no operating history in the dance fitness video market, and therefore it is difficult to predict our future sales or our ability
to identify and adapt our fitness videos or other products successfully to meet changing consumer interest trends and other elements
that affect our results of operations.
 
We
have a lack of long term agreements.
 
Our
business does not lend itself to long term agreements by our customers. Since our customer base has several choices in identifying
the kinds of exercise that best fits their lifestyle and budget, we are not able to calculate with certainty our revenue on a
long term basis. Such lack of certainty means that there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our
business plan and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
 


 7 
   

 
We
must achieve trade and consumer acceptance in distribution channels and may not be able to do so.
 
While
our initial marketing efforts will focus on infomercials promoting our dance fitness DVD and online videos and local advertising
promoting our dance fitness studios, our growth will depend in part on our ability to attract and maintain customers and expand
our channels of marketing and distribution. These channels of marketing and distribution are expected to present, competitive
challenges, risks and marketing and distribution costs. In addition, our expansion in these channels of distribution will require
us to attract and retain consumers in broader demographic and geographic markets. There can be no assurance that we will achieve
successful distribution through nationwide distribution channels and with consumers in other demographic and geographic markets.
The inability to obtain consumer acceptance in these markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, and financial condition.
 
If
we are unable to identify and acquire suitable sites for new studios, our revenue growth rate and profits may be negatively impacted.
 
To
successfully expand our business over the long term, we must identify and acquire studio sites that are suitable for our dance
fitness customers. In addition to finding sites with the right geographical, demographic and other measures, we also need to evaluate
the penetration of our competitors in the market. We face competition from other health and fitness center operators for sites
and as a result, we may lose desirable sites, our competitors could copy our format or we could be forced to pay higher prices
for those sites. If we are unable to identify and acquire sites for new studios on acceptable terms, our revenue growth rate and
profits may be negatively impacted. Additionally, if our analysis of the suitability of a site is incorrect, we may not be able
to recover our capital investment in developing and building the new studio.
 
We
may experience prolonged periods of losses in our proposed new studios.
 
In
considering the opening of a new studio, we expect to experience an initial period of operating losses. We expect that fees from
clients will generate insufficient revenue for the studio to initially generate positive cash flow. As a result, a new studio
will likely generate an operating loss in its first full year of operations and substantially lower profit margins in its second
full year of operations than a studio opened for more than 24 months. These operating losses and lower margins will negatively
impact our future results of operations. This negative impact will be increased by the initial expensing of pre-opening costs,
which include legal and other costs associated with lease negotiations and permitting and zoning requirements, as well as depreciation
and amortization expenses, which will further negatively impact our net income. We may, at our discretion, accelerate or expand
our plans to open new studios, which may adversely affect results from operations.
 
We
may incur rising costs related to construction of a new studio.
 
Our
proposed new studio will require an initial up-front investment. If our investment is higher than we had anticipated, we may need
to outperform our operational plan to achieve our targeted return. Over the longer term, we believe that we can offset cost increases
by increasing our per-session and other fees and improving profitability through cost efficiency strategies; however, higher costs
in certain regions where we may open new studios may be difficult to offset in the short-term.
 
We
are dependent on our ability to negotiate lease arrangements with operators for fitness facilities.
 
Our
business plan depends, in part, on our ability to negotiate reasonable lease terms with facility operators in the future. We cannot
guarantee that we will be able to negotiate new leases or renew the leases that have expired on terms acceptable to us or at all.
If we are unable to secure such a lease, or if we can only secure such leases on reasonable terms that are less than optimal for
us, we may not be able to implement our business plan, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
 
We
may not be able to successfully integrate dance studios that we open in the future.
 
If
we have the working capital necessary to do so, we expect to open dance fitness studios in Florida. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so. If we do expand our business, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so successfully.
 
Direct-response
marketing is extremely competitive and we may not be able to market our DVDs successfully.
 
We
plan to market our DVDs via direct response marketing (such as television infomercials). The direct response industry is extremely
competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to constant change and intense marketing by providers of similar products. We must be
able to distinguish our products and develop new products that address the needs of our customers. The inability to do so could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 


 8 
   

 
There
are risks associated with an internet marketing strategy.
 
We
have not previously conducted marketing programs according to practices common to Internet industries. The costs for new information
technology systems needed to efficiently engage in internet sales could be substantial, as could the amount of time needed to
acquire and implement such systems. The inability to create or purchase the technology required, or to do so in a timely and cost
effective manner, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
 
We
initially will have a very narrow product line; dependence on new products.
 
We
expect initially to have a very limited product line. We propose to start with a dance fitness DVD and online video featuring
Tammy Skalko. There can be no assurance that our products will achieve market acceptance. Any such failure could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We believe that our ability to increase sales
is partially dependent upon our brand name and ability to introduce new dance fitness DVDs and online videos and other products
such as workout apparel and related fitness equipment. The success of new DVDs and online videos and other products depends on
a number of factors, including our ability and creative skills to develop products that appeal to consumers and that are priced
competitively. There can be no assurance that our efforts to develop new products will be successful, that consumers will accept
new products, or that our competitors will not introduce products that achieve greater market acceptance than our products.
 
We
may be dependent on retail customers and distributors.
 
We
may sell our products including workout apparel and related fitness equipment through distributors that resell to retail customers.
We may also seek to establish sales to retail customers directly. Such distributors and retail customers would likely purchase
our products with standard purchase orders and, in general, are not bound by long-term contracts. There can be no assurance that
any such distributors and retail customers will establish a relationship with us. The lack of a distributor or a significant number
of retail customers, or a significant reduction in purchase volume by or financial difficulty of such customers or distributors
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 
We
are subject to risks associated with advertising.
 
Advertising
of our products is subject to regulation by the FTC under the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair or deceptive
trade practices, including dissemination of false or misleading advertising. In addition, the National Advertising Division of
the Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc. (“NAD”) administers a self-regulatory program by the advertising industry
to ensure truth and accuracy in national advertising. NAD both monitors national advertising and entertains inquiries and challenges
from competing companies and consumers. Although we do not believe that such regulations will materially negatively affect our
marketing efforts, any future changes to our advertising resulting from compliance with an adverse NAD determination or FTC action
or fines or penalties assessed in connection therewith could adversely affect our product marketing efforts, and there can be
no assurance that such required changes in advertising would not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition.
 
We
are dependent on third party manufacturers for the manufacture and shipment of our products.
 
We
do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and are, therefore, dependent on third parties for the manufacture of our products
(whether DVDs, workout apparel or related fitness equipment). We will rely on contract manufacturers to produce several of our
products. These contract manufacturers may also produce products for our competitors. If any of our contract manufacturers were
unable or unwilling to produce and ship our products in a timely manner or to produce sufficient quantities to support our growth,
if any, we would have to identify and qualify new contract manufacturers. There can be no assurance that we would be able to identify
and qualify new contract manufacturers in a timely manner or that such manufacturers would allocate sufficient capacity to us
in order to meet our requirements, which could adversely affect our ability to make timely deliveries of our products. In addition,
there can be no assurance that the capacity of the contract manufacturers will be sufficient to fulfill our orders, and any supply
shortfall could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. To successfully
operate our business, we must receive timely delivery of merchandise from our vendors and suppliers. As we grow, some of these
vendors may not have sufficient capital, resources or personnel to satisfy their commitments to us. Any significant delay in the
delivery of products by vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In addition, the contract manufacturers will be contractually required to maintain the quality of the products we sell and to
comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to the production of such products. There can be no assurance that our contract
manufacturers will always produce products that are consistent with our standards. The failure of any contract manufacturer to
produce products that conform to our standards could materially adversely affect our reputation and result in product recalls,
product liability claims and severe economic loss.
 
Government
laws and regulations may restrict our business.
 
Our
operations and business practices are subject to Federal, State and Local government regulations. We must abide by the general
rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission, state and local consumer protection agencies and state statutes relating
to membership contracts and rules and regulations that govern the advertising, sale, financing and collection of memberships and
other products. We are also subject to state and local health regulations. Compliance with such rules and regulations may be expensive
and time consuming, and we may not have the expertise to do so.
 


 9 
   

 
Our
success is dependent upon the continued services of management on which we have no “Key Man” insurance.
 
Our
success is dependent on the continued efforts of Tammy Skalko, our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of this individual would
have a material adverse effect on our operations. We anticipate that we will need to hire additional skilled personnel in all
areas of our business in order to grow. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our existing personnel or attract
additional qualified employees in the future, the failure of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. We do not currently maintain “key man” life insurance on the life of any of our
employees. To the extent that the services of key personnel become unavailable, we will be required to retain other qualified
persons. There can be no assurance that we will be able to employ qualified persons on acceptable terms.
 
We
may not be able to manage growth effectively.
 
If
we are successful in opening multiple dance fitness studios, producing and marketing our fitness videos and initiating internet
sales of our DVD, we will be required to deliver quality merchandise to our customers on a timely basis at a reasonable price.
Such demand will likely create working capital issues for us, as we will need increased liquidity to fund purchase of fitness
equipment and to increase our inventory of products for resale. It will also place a significant strain on our management, administration
and operational resources. We will be required to continue improving our operations, management and financial systems and controls.
The failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We cannot foresee if business will grow rapidly or if our efforts to implement and expand our business will be successful.
 
Some
officers and directors may also allocate their time to other businesses, and such other affairs could limit attention to our activities.
 
Our
executive officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in conflicts of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and other businesses. Ms. Skalko, our President and CEO and a member of our board
of directors, will commit full time to this endeavor and will allocate a minimum of 40 hours per week to our operations. Mr. Beshara,
our CFO, Secretary and Treasurer and a member of our board of directors, is engaged in other business endeavors and is not obligated
to contribute any specific number of hours to our affairs, however it is anticipated that he will devote from two (2) to four
(4) hours per week or as needed to our affairs. If other business affairs require our officers and directors to devote substantial
amounts of their time to other such business affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and hinder their
ability to help us consummate our business plan.
 
Our
officers and directors may experience conflicts of interest.
 
Our
officers and directors may be, and in the future may become, affiliated with entities, engaged in business activities similar
to those conducted and intended to be conducted by us. Additionally, our officers and directors may become aware of business opportunities
which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to the other entities with which they have fiduciary or other obligations
or other compelling interests. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. Tammy Skalko, as President and CEO, will commit full time to this endeavor and will not engage
in or conduct in business activities or opportunities which present a conflict of interest to our endeavor.
 
Issuance
of preferred stock; anti-takeover effects of certain special charter and by-law provisions.
 
Our
Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value, and to ascribe certain
powers thereof, without any further vote or action by our stockholders, including voting rights, dividend rights, terms of redemption,
conversion rights and liquidation preferences of such shares. Preferred Stock could be issued that would have rights with respect
to voting, dividends and liquidation that would be adverse to those of our Common Stock. The Board of Directors could approve
the issuance of Preferred Stock to discourage attempts by others to obtain control of the Company by merger, tender offer, proxy
contest or otherwise by making such attempts more difficult and costly to achieve. There are no agreements or understandings for
the issuance of Preferred Stock and the Board of Directors has no present intention to issue any Preferred Stock.
 
Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors, which could require us to direct funds
away from our business.
 
Our
Articles of Incorporation provides for the indemnification of our officers and directors. We may be required to advance costs
incurred by an officer or director and to pay judgments, fines and expenses incurred by an officer or director, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees, as a result of actions or proceedings in which our officers and directors are involved by reason of being
or having been an officer or director of our company. Funds paid in satisfaction of judgments, fines and expenses may be funds
we need for the continued operation of our business, thereby affecting our ability to attain or maintain profitability.
 


 10 
   

 
The
level of competition in the fitness club industry could negatively impact our revenue growth and profitability.
 
The
fitness club industry is highly competitive and continues to become more competitive. In the market in which we operate or the
markets in which we expect to operate, we compete with other fitness clubs, physical fitness and recreational facilities established
by local governments, hospitals and businesses for their employees, amenity and condominium clubs, the YMCA and similar organizations
and, to a certain extent, with racquet and tennis and other athletic clubs, country clubs, weight reducing salons and the home-use
fitness equipment industry. We also compete with other entertainment and retail businesses for the discretionary income in our
target demographics. We might not be able to compete effectively in the future in the markets in which we operate or expect to
operate. Competitors include companies that are larger and have greater resources than us and they may enter these markets to
our detriment. These competitive conditions may limit our ability to increase dues without a material loss in membership, attract
new members and attract and retain qualified personnel. Additionally, consolidation in the fitness club industry could result
in increased competition among participants, particularly large multi-facility operators that are able to compete for attractive
acquisition candidates or newly constructed studio locations, thereby increasing costs associated with expansion through both
acquisitions and lease negotiation and real estate availability for newly constructed studio locations. The number of competitor
clubs that offer lower pricing and a lower level of service continue to grow in our markets and in markets in which we expect
to operate. These clubs have attracted, and may continue to attract, members away from both our dance fitness studio and can be
expected to do so with respect to studios we may open in the future particularly in the current consumer environment. Furthermore,
smaller and less expensive weight loss facilities present a competitive alternative for consumers. We also face competition from
competitors offering comparable or higher pricing with higher levels of service. The trend to larger outer-suburban, multi-recreational
family fitness centers, in areas where suitable real estate is more likely to be available, also compete against our suburban,
fitness-only models. We will face intense competition in the dance fitness DVD and online video arena, including from fitness
DVD productions featuring entertainment and other icons who are well established in this and other industries. Many of these competitors
are well established and have substantially more resources available to them then we do. It will be very difficult for us to establish
a foothold in the dance fitness DVD and online video marketplace. If we do not do so, our business will be negatively affected,
and we may not be able to continue as a going concern considering this is a vital part of our business plan.
 
CERTAIN
FACTORS RELATING TO OUR INDUSTRY
 
We
could be subject to claims related to health or safety risks at our studios.
 
Use
of our proposed studios and our fitness videos may pose potential health or safety risks to clients or guests that utilize our
studios and participate in the dance programs which are central to our fitness videos. There is a risk that claims will be asserted
against us for injury or death suffered by our customers. Personal injury claims and lawsuits can result in significant legal
defense costs, settlement amounts and awards, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result
of operations or cash flow. In addition to the risks of liability exposure and increased costs of defense, claims may produce
publicity that could hurt our reputation, our brand and our business. We plan to carry all reasonable and necessary insurance
coverage when we open our studio for protection in the event of any of the afore stated liability issues and will add any additional
coverage as needed for fitness video production.
 
Our
business may be affected by changes in trends.
 
The
health and fitness industries are subject to changing consumer trends, demands and preferences. Trends change often and unpredictably,
and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to changes in these trends could lead, among other things, to reduced demand
and price reductions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and
shareholder value. These changes might include consumer demand for new products or fitness services. Our success depends, in part,
on our ability to anticipate the habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences on a timely and affordable
basis.
 
We
may face intellectual property risks.
 
If
we are successful in developing additional products, we believe we may be able to rely on common law trademark rights and trade
secret laws to protect our proprietary rights to other intellectual property related to our company, including but not limited
to the House of BODS Fitness, Inc. name and logo. However, there is substantial risk that these common law rights will not offer
us sufficient protection, if any. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enforce our trademark rights for our products
or register trademarks or obtain the common law trademark rights we desire. In addition, while we may file applications for federal
registration of trademarks in the United States, we may not be successful if we do so. Common law trademark rights do not provide
us with the same level of protection as afforded by a United States federal registration of a trademark. In addition, common law
trademark rights are limited to the geographic area in which the trademark is actually used plus a reasonable zone of future expansion,
while U.S. federal registration on the Principal Register gives the registrant superior rights throughout the United States, subject
to certain exceptions. We expect to register our trademarks in certain foreign jurisdictions where our products may be sold. The
protection available in such jurisdictions may not be as extensive as the protection available to us in the United States.
 


 11 
   

 
We
may be affected by sales tax consideration from various jurisdictions.
 
Various
jurisdictions, included in the U.S., are increasingly seeking to impose sales or use taxes on internet sales. The imposition of
sales taxes on any internet sales may have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations in the future.
Any such impact cannot currently be quantified.
 
The
expansion of our business to include retail and DVD/online video sales is dependent on our development and use of online commerce.
 
The
use of the Internet in the selling of products and services has become a widely accepted and effective tool in the development
of sales and marketing programs for many companies from sole proprietorships to the largest corporations around the world. Although
there is and will continually be substantial developments in security risks during the transacting of business over the Internet,
our future net revenues and profits may be substantially dependent upon the level of confidence we are able to develop with
regards to issues of fraud, privacy and other problems impacted by the use of the Internet. In order to expand our customer and
revenue generating base, we propose to sell fitness videos and exercise apparel and accessories through our online storefront.
If we are unable to attract a sufficient consumer base with the sales of our products over the internet, our operating results
and financial conditions may suffer.
 
Our
business is subject to online security risks.
 
A
significant barrier to online commerce and communications is the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks.
Our security measures may not prevent security breaches. Our failure to prevent security breaches could harm our business. Currently,
many of our customers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts directly for all transactions charged by us. We rely on
encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication technology to
effect secure transmission of confidential information, including customer credit card numbers. Advances in computer capabilities,
new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology used
by us to protect customer transaction data. A number of Web sites have reported breaches of their security. Any compromise of
our security could harm our reputation and, therefore, our business. In addition, a party who is able to circumvent our security
measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. We may need to expend significant
resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches. These issues are likely to become more
difficult as we expand the number of areas where we operate. Security breaches could damage our reputation and expose us to a
risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. We are applying for, although we do not currently have, insurance policies
in place covering these types of circumstances. Low coverage limits may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security
breaches.
 
Risk
Factors Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
 
There
is currently no market for our common stock and a market for our common stock may not develop, which could adversely affect the
liquidity and price of our securities.
 
There
is no market for our Common Stock. A trading market for our Common Stock may never develop or, if developed, it may not be maintained.
Investors may be unable to sell their Common Stock unless a market can be established and maintained.
 
We
have no intention of paying dividends.
 
We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, for
funding growth and, therefore, do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
 
Our
Common Stock may be deemed a “penny stock”, which would make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares.
 
Our
common stock in all likelihood will trade at a price below $5.00 per share and become subject to the “penny stock” rules
enacted by the SEC. This would increase the likelihood that many brokerage firms will not participate in a potential future market
for our common stock. These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than “established
customers” complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information
concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many
brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number
of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules
for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our securities. If our securities are subject
to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities.
 


 12 
   

 
We
are subject to compliance with securities law, which exposes us to potential liabilities, including potential rescission rights.
 
In
the past, our shares of common stock have been offered to prospective investors pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions
of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Unless the sale of
our common stock otherwise qualifies for the statutory private offering exemption provided in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act,
purchasers of our common stock may have the right to rescind their purchase if any of our offerings fail to comply with the requirements
of Regulation D. A similar right may exist under state securities law. If we have used the proceeds raised from any of our offerings
prior to the time at which a rescission claim is made, there can be no assurance that any funds will be available to return to
any investors who may be entitled to the rescission of their purchase of our common stock.
 
The
basis for relying on such exemptions is factual; that is, the applicability of such exemptions depends upon our conduct and that
of those persons contacting prospective investors and completing the sales of our common stock pursuant to our various offerings.
We have not received a legal opinion to the effect that any of our prior offerings were exempt from registration under any federal
or state law. Instead, we have relied upon the operative facts as the basis for such exemptions, including information provided
by investors themselves. If any prior offering did not qualify for such exemption, we may face claims for rescission and other
remedies. We may become engaged in costly litigation to defend these claims, which would lead to increased expenditures for legal
fees and divert management’s attention from operating the business of the Company. If we could not successfully defend these
claims, we may be required to return proceeds from our offerings to investors, which would harm our financial condition. Additionally,
if we did not, in fact, qualify for the exemptions upon which we have relied, we may become subject to significant fines and penalties
imposed by the SEC and state securities agencies.
 
The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management’s attention. 
 
We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will
increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase
demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current
reports with respect to our business and operating results. On an annual basis, we estimate the increased legal costs to be approximately
$35,000 and financial compliance costs to be approximately $25,000.
 
As
a result of disclosure of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become
more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, by third parties. If such claims are successful,
our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our
favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm
our business and operating results.
 
If
we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Common stock may be negatively
affected. 
 
As
a public company, we will be required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses
in such internal controls. In addition, we will be required to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are in the process of designing, implementing,
and testing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation, however, this process is time
consuming, costly, and complicated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we
are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial
reporting is effective, or as an emerging growth company, if we utilize the exemption from 404(b), or if our independent registered
public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Common stock
could be negatively affected. If this is the case, we could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which
our securities are listed, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional
financial and management resources.
 
The
market price of our Common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance., 
 
The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including:
 


 
●
actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results;

 
●
the
    financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections;

 
●
actions
    of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts
    who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;

 
●
additional
    shares of our common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders or the anticipation of such sales,
    including if we issue shares to satisfy financial obligations or if existing stockholders sell shares into the market; and

 
●
changes
    in operating performance and stock market valuations of other companies in our industry; lawsuits threatened or filed against
    us.

 


 13 
   

 
In
addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the
market prices of equity securities of comparable companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action
litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us
to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business.
  
We
are an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act of 2012, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.
 
We
are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (“JOBS Act”),
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less
attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.
 
We
will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues
exceed $1 billion, if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of
our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any May 30.
 
Our
status as an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act of 2012 may make it more difficult to raise capital as and
when we need it.
 
Because
of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an “emerging growth company”, we may be less
attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. If we are unable to
raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected.
 
ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
 
Not
applicable.
 
ITEM
2. PROPERTIES
 
The
Company maintains its corporate headquarters at 3234 NW 29th Ave Boca Raton, Fl. 33434, where it leases 700 square
feet of office space under a month-to-month lease arrangement, for $1,000 per month.
 
ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
We
know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered
or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.
  
ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
 
Not applicable.

 


 14 
   

 
PART
II
 
ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
 
Market
Information
 
Currently,
there is no public market for our capital stock, and we have not applied to have our common stock listed on any exchange or quoted
by any quotation service. We have identified a market maker to apply to have our common stock quoted on the OTC.QB Marketplace
in the near future.
 
Holders
of Common Stock
 
As
of April 13, 2016, there were 40 holders of record of our common stock. As of such date, 16,070,000 shares were
issued and outstanding.
 
Dividends
 
We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future
earnings, if any, to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
 
Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
 
None.
 
Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities
 
During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, that were not previously reported in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in a current report on Form 8-K.
 
Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
 
None.
 
ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
Not
applicable.
 
ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results
 
This
annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) encourages companies to disclose forward-looking
information so that investors can better understand a company’s future prospects and make informed investment decisions.
This annual report on Form 10-K and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking
statements that set out anticipated results based on management’s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance.
We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will”
and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include
statements relating to future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts, expenses, the outcome
of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. Factors that could cause our actual results of operations
and financial condition to differ materially are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of this annual report on
Form 10-K.
 
We
caution that these factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement
is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to
time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on
our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
 
The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere
in this annual report on Form 10-K.
 

 15 
   

 
For
the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014:
 
The
Company has had very limited operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, with revenues totaling $17,855 and $12,837
during these periods, respectively. The Company ceased operations in a facility that was being used to conduct exercise classes
in October 2013 due to the financial constraints and has since focused on developing DVD and online potential operations, while
continuing its fundraising efforts. Accordingly, year-over-year analysis provides limited insight into the Company’s operations.
 
Total
Expenses, while limited, increased sharply in 2015 over 2014, totaling $125,276 in 2015 compared to $42,433 for the prior year.
The increase of $82,843 was mainly attributable to professional fees relating to the Company’s efforts to become current
in its public reporting requirements. Legal fees increased between the periods by $15,500, as did accounting and audit related
expenses. Interest expense also increased by approximately $12,000 between the periods reflecting the $100,000 increase in borrowing
via notes payable to related parties. Absent an equity transaction to provide necessary operating capital, increase in debt, particularity
to related parties, can be expected to continue into the foreseeable future.
 
The
net loss for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $107,421 and $32,503 respectively.
 
Liquidity
and capital resources
 
The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. For the year
ended December 31, 2015, the Company had a net loss of $107,421. As of December 31, 2015, the Company has a working capital deficit
of $20,585. In view of these matters, the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company’s
ability to begin operations and to achieve a level of profitability. The Company intends on financing its future development activities
and its working capital needs largely from the sale of public equity securities with some additional funding from other traditional
financing sources, including term notes, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital
requirements.
 
As
previously mentioned, since inception, we have financed our operations largely from the sale of common stock and the issuance
of notes payable. During the year ended December 31, 2015 we did not raise any from the sale of common stock. During this period,
we raised $120,000 through the issuance of notes payable, the majority of which was used to cover operating expenses and professional
services.
 
We
have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. As of December 31, 2015, we
had an accumulated deficit of $386,851.
 
We
anticipate that cash used in product development and operations, especially in the marketing, production and sale of our products,
may increase significantly in the future.
 
We
will be dependent upon loans from Management and others, to finance our planned operations through the next 12 months. We do not
have any known requirements for capital expenditures in the coming 12 months, aside from locating and securing a new facility
to house our operations. We intend to lease desired space for our operation at an unknown rental rate. We do not have a commitment
for such funds at this time.
 
Additional
capital may not be available when required or on favorable terms. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to significantly
reduce or refocus our operations or to obtain funds through arrangements that may require us to relinquish rights to certain or
potential markets, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such
securities would result in ownership dilution to our existing stockholders.
 
Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements
 
We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.
 

 16 
   

 
Going
Concern
 
The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
 
As
reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit at December
31, 2015 of $386,851, and a net loss of $107,421. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern.
 
The
Company is attempting to produce sufficient revenue; however, the Company’s cash position may not be sufficient to support
its daily operations. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to produce sufficient revenue and in its ability
to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues and in its ability to raise
additional funds. 
 
The
independent auditors’ audit report accompanying our December 31, 2015 financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph
expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared “assuming
that we will continue as a going concern,” which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities
and commitments in the ordinary course of business.
 
Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates
 
The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(US GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
 
New
Accounting Pronouncements
 
For
a description of recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our financial
statements, see “Note 3: Summary of Significant Accounting Principles” in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
 
ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
 
Not
applicable.
 
ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 
See
Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on pages F-1 to F-16 of this annual report on
Form 10-K.
 
ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 
On
April 10, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company accepted the resignation of Terry L. Johnson, CPA (“Johnson”)
as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of that date. Johnson’s reports on the
financial statements of the Company for its last fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 did not contain an adverse or a disclaimer
of opinion, nor were the reports qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except as follows:
The Company’s Audited Financial statements for the FYE December 31, 2013, contained explanatory paragraphs in respect to
uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a going concern due to our working capital deficit and recurring net losses.
 
On
May 8, 2015, the Board of Directors approved and ratified the appointment of John Scrudato, CPA (“Scrudato”) to serve
as the Company’s new independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of May 8, 2015.
 

 17 
   

 
ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
 
Disclosure
controls and procedures
 
We
maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Disclosure controls and procedures include
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company’s reports filed under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our company’s disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2015, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.
The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to material weaknesses, which we identified, in our report
on internal control over financial reporting.
 
Internal
control over financial reporting
 
Management’s
annual report on internal control over financial reporting
 
Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with
the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. Our management’s evaluation of our internal control over financial
reporting was based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2015 under the criteria set forth in the 2013 Internal Control – Integrated
Framework.
 
The
Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of
the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
 
Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.
 
A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that material weaknesses exist due to a lack of formalized
controls and procedures as well as a lack of segregation of duties, as well as the absence of an independent audit committee chair,
resulting from the Company’s limited resources.
 
Based
on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective.
 
Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls
 
Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control
over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake.
Additional controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
 

 18 
   

 
Changes
in internal control over financial reporting
 
There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31,
2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
 
ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION
 
None
 
PART
III
 
ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 
Directors
and Executive Officers
 
Our
directors and executive officers, and their respective ages and positions held, are as follows:
 


Name
 
Position
    Held with
our Company
 
Age

Tammy
    Skalko
 
President,
    CEO and Director
 
43

James
    Beshara
 
CFO,
    Secretary, Treasurer and Director
 
65

 
Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders, or until
their successors are elected, or until removed from office pursuant to our Company’s bylaws. Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and hold office until removed by the board of directors.
 
Business
Experience
 
The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of our directors and executive officers during at least
the past five years, indicating their principal occupations during the period, and the names and principal businesses of the organizations
by which they were employed:
 
Tammy
Skalko: Ms. Skalko has worked full time as an officer and director of our Company since 2010. She worked full time operating
BODS…Transcending Company as President from 2007 to 2010. Ms. Skalko, who began in the “commercial” world of
television and acting/dance/modeling at age 4, has worked on numerous television commercials, ranging from Coca-Cola to Disney
World. By age 14, Tammy set out for a transition into dance and worked on Nickelodeon’s “Keenan and Kel” as
well as “The Mickey Mouse Club.” She has worked with Guns n Roses, Motley Crue, and Def Leopard, as a background dancer
for Prince concerts, music videos, and eventually Saturo Models in Tokyo at age 19. She took a leave from the entertainment world
from 1992 to 2007. Ms. Skalko has had four children.
 
Mr.
Beshara: Mr. Beshara has been an officer and director of our Company since 2010. Mr. Beshara has been a residential, commercial
and industrial real estate developer since 1973 and is an entrepreneur with significant interests in several enterprises. From
1982 through 2000, Mr. Beshara was Chief Executive Officer of B&B Construction & Development Company of Ohio, and has
manufactured, financed and distributed products in both Taiwan and mainland China for the United States and European markets.
He also financed Alternative Construction Company, Melbourne, Florida, Solar Nights Industries, St. Louis, Missouri and Phantom
Entertainment, Seattle Washington. Mr. Beshara has also been involved in many other venture capital opportunities over the last
7 years. Mr. Beshara attended Youngstown State University from 1969 to 1972.
 
Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
 
During
the year ended December 31, 2015, our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock
were not required to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
 
Code
of Ethics
 
We
have not adopted a code of ethics because our board of directors believes that our small size does not merit the expense of preparing,
adopting and administering a code of ethics. Our board of directors intends to adopt a code of ethics when circumstances warrant.
 

 19 
   

 
Corporate
Governance
 
Committees
of the Board
 
We
currently do not have nominating or compensation committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written
nominating or compensation committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees
because it believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors.
 
We
do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors.
We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to our board of directors and we do not
have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our board of directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted
by management or shareholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment.
 
A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request to the address appearing
on the first page of this annual report.
 
Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert
 
We
do not have a standing audit committee at the present time. Our board of directors has determined that we do not have a board
member that qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K.
 
We
believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal
controls and procedures for financial reporting. The board of directors of our company does not believe that it is necessary to
have an audit committee because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the board of
directors. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an “audit committee financial
expert” would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development.
 
ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to:
 


 
●
All
    individuals serving as the Company’s principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during the last completed
    fiscal year, and

 
 
 

 
●
The
    Company’s two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer serving at the end
    of the last completed fiscal year (collectively, the “Named Executive Officers”).

 
2015
Summary Compensation Table
 


Name and Principal Position 
Year  
Salary  
Bonus  
Stock Awards  
Option Awards  
Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation  
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings  
All Other Compensation  
Total 

Tammy Skalko, CEO and  
 2015  
$27,501  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$27,501 

President 
 2014  
$8,495  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$8,495 

James Beshara, CFO,  
 2015  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0 

Secretary and Treasurer 
 2014  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0  
$0 

 
Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2014 Fiscal Year-End
 
There
were no outstanding equity awards to be received by any of the Company’s officers, directors, or employees at December 31,
2015.
 
Director
Compensation
 
All
compensation, if any, paid to our employee directors is set forth in the tables summarizing executive officer compensation above.
Since the Company’s inception (October 13, 2010) through the end of the 2015 fiscal year, non-employee directors were not
entitled to receive, and did not receive, any stock options or other forms of compensation and there are currently no agreements
in effect entitling them to compensation.
 

 20 
   

 
Material
Terms of Employment Agreements
 
There
are currently no employment or consulting contracts between the Company and its Named Executive Officers or directors. There are
no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for Named Executive Officers or directors.
Our Named Executive Officers and directors may receive stock options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future.
We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to
our Named Executive Officers or directors, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors
from time to time.
 
There
are no arrangements between the Company and the Named Executive Officers that provide for payments in connection with the resignation,
retirement or other termination of a Named Executive Officer with respect to termination of employment or change of control transactions.
 
Long-Term
Incentive Plans, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans
 
There
are currently no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive
officers.
 
Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements
 
We
do not have arrangements in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such
officers in the event of termination of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of
responsibilities following a change of control.
 
ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 
The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock and preferred stock as of April
13, 2016, by:
 


 
●
Each
    Named Executive Officer and director

 
 
 

 
●
Each
    person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, and

 
 
 

 
●
All
    executive officers and directors as a group.

 
As
of April 13, 2016, there were 16,070,000 shares of our common stock outstanding.
 
The
number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the SEC and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any
shares as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has
the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless
otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect
to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute
an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares.
 


Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership  
Percent of Class 

Tammy Skalko 
 14,650,000  
 91.16%

James Beshara 
 250,000  
 1.56%

All executive officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 
 14,900,000  
 92.72%

 

 21 
   

 
ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
 
Transactions
with Related Persons
 
Except
as disclosed below, since January 1, 2013, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were
or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of our total assets at
year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest:
 


 
(i)
Any
    director or executive officer of our company;

 
 
 

 
(ii)
Any
    person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to our outstanding
    shares of common stock;

 
 
 

 
(iii)
Any
    of our promoters and control persons; and

 
 
 

 
(iv)
Any
    member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the foregoing persons.

 
From
November 2007 to November 2013, the Company did not pay any rent for the use of the facility that housed our fitness operations.
The facility was 100% owned by an entity owned by the Company’s majority shareholder. There was no agreement for the Company
to pay rent, nor was there a binding agreement for use of the facility to be provided indefinitely on a rent-free basis. The fair
value of this arrangement was reflected in the financial statements as rent expense and a capital contribution by a shareholder.
The Company ceased operations at this facility in October 2013. The Company recorded rent expense of $16,200 for the period ended
December 31, 2013. The Company leased storage and video filming space in 2014 and recorded rent expense of $2,806 for the period
ending December 31, 2014. The Company recorded rent expense of $1,033 for the period ending December 31, 2015.
 
The
Company has one convertible promissory note dated September 13, 2013, from Edward Beshara, the brother of James Beshara, our CFO,
Secretary and Treasurer and a Director, with an original principal balance of $10,000, which was due in full on or before September
13, 2015. This Note is now month to month. No payments have been made on this note for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015,
and 2014, respectively, leaving a balance of $10,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The Note is convertible by
the holder at $.10 per share.
 
The
Company had one note dated May 19, 2014, payable to Ms. Skalko, our President, CEO, and a Director, with an original principal
balance of $4,000, which Note was paid in February 2015.
 
The
Company has one convertible promissory note dated October 28, 2014, from Edward Beshara, the brother of James Beshara, our CFO,
Secretary and Treasurer and a Director, with an original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before
October 28, 2016. No payments have been made on this note for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively,
leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The Note is convertible by the holder at $.10 per
share.
 
The
Company has one note dated October 31, 2014, from Ms. Skalko, our President, CEO, and a Director, with an original principal balance
of $4,000, which will be due in full on demand. No payments have been made on this note for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015, leaving a balance of $4,000. There is no interest accruing on this Note.
 
The
Company has one convertible promissory note dated January 23, 2015 from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
with an original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before January 23, 2017. No interim payments are
due under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 20%
per annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.15 per share.
 
The
Company has one Convertible Promissory Note dated May 21, 2015 from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
with an original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before May 21, 2017. No interim payments are due
under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per
annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.15 per share.
 
The
Company has one Convertible Promissory Note dated October 26, 2015 from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
in the original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before October 26, 2017. No interim payments are
due under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12%
per annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 
The
Company has one Convertible Promissory Note dated January 16, 2016, from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
in the original principal balance of $25,000, which will be due in full on or before January 16, 2018. The note carries an interest
rate of 12% per annum with no interim payments of interest or principal due on the note until maturity. This note is convertible
into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 

 22 
   

 
The
Company has one Convertible Promissory Note dated March 29, 2016, from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director,
in the original principal balance of $25,000, which will be due in full on or before March 29, 2018. The note carries an interest
rate of 20% per annum with no interim payments of interest or principal due on the note until maturity. This note is convertible
into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 
Director
Independence
 
Our
common stock is not listed on a national exchange that imposes director independence requirements. Under NASDAQ Marketplace Rule
5605(a)(2), a director is not considered to be independent if he is also an executive officer or employee of the company. We currently
have no independent directors as that term is defined by NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2).
 
ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
 
Audit
Fees
 
The
following table sets forth the fees billed to our company for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 for professional services
rendered by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firms
 


Fees 
2015  
2014 

Audit Fees 
$10,000  
$8,207 

Audit-related Fees 
 0  
 0 

Tax Fees 
 0  
 0 

Other Fees 
 0  
 0 

Total Fees 
$10,000  
$8.207 

 
Audit
Fees
 
Audit
fees were for professional services rendered for the audits of our annual financial statements and for review of the financial
statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods during 2015 and 2014 respectively.
 
Audit-related
Fees
 
During
the 2015 and 2014 fiscal years, our independent registered public accountants did not provide any assurance and related services
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under
the caption “Audit Fees” above. Therefore, there were no audit-related fees billed or paid during the 2015 and 2014
fiscal years.
 
Tax
Fees
 
As
our independent registered public accountants did not provide any services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning
during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, no tax fees were billed or paid during those fiscal years.
 
All
Other Fees
 
Our
independent registered public accountants did not provide any products and services not disclosed in the table above during the
2015 and 2014 fiscal years. As a result, there were no other fees billed or paid during those fiscal years.
 
Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures
 
Our
entire board of directors, which acts as our audit committee, pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors.
All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our board of directors before the respective services were rendered.
 
Our
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and
believe that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence.
 

 23 
   

 
PART
IV
 
ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 
(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report
 


 
1.
Financial
    statements

 
 
 

 
 
See
    index to financial statements and supporting schedules on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K.

 
 
 

 
2.
Financial
    statement schedules

 
 
 

 
 
All
    schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related
    instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.

 
 
 

 
3.
Exhibits

 
 
 

 
 
The
    following exhibits are filed as part of the report or are incorporated by reference:

 


Exhibit
No.
 
Description

3.1
 
Articles
    of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with
    the Commission on August 16, 2013

3.2
 
By-laws,
    incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on
    August 16, 2013

4.1
 
HOB
    Specimen Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-1
    filed with the Commission on August 16, 2013

10.1
 
HOB
    Membership Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
    with the Commission on August 16, 2013

10.2
 
HOB
    Share Exchange, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with
    the Commission on August 16, 2013

10.3
 
Rank
    Executives Website Contract, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
    filed with the Commission on December 3, 2014;

10.4
 
Promissory
    Note dated September 13, 2013 payable to Edward Beshara, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s
    10-K filed with the Commission on December 24, 2014

10.5
 
Convertible
    Promissory Note dated October 28, 2014 payable to Edward Beshara, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s
    10-K filed with the Commission on December 24, 2014

10.6
 
Promissory
    Note dated October 31, 2014, payable to Tammy Skalko, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s
    10-K filed with the Commission on December 24, 2014

10.7
 
Convertible
    promissory note dated January 23, 2015 payable to James Beshara, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s
    10-K filed with the Commission on December 24, 2014

10.8
 
Convertible
    Promissory Note dated May 21, 2015 payable to James Beshara, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s
    10-K filed with the Commission on December 24, 2014

10.9*
 
Convertible
    Promissory Note dated October 26, 2015 payable to James Beshara;

10.10*
 
Convertible
    Promissory Note dated January 16, 2016 payable to James Beshara;

10.11*
 
Convertible
    Promissory Note dated March 29, 2016 payable to James Beshara;

 
 
 

31.1*
 
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2*
 
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1*
 
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2*
 
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002

 
 
 

101.INS
 
XBRL
    INSTANCE DOCUMENT

101.SCH
 
XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

101.CAL
 
XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

101.DEF
 
XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

101.LAB
 
XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

101.PRE
 
XBRL
    TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

 


 
●
*Filed
    herewith.

 

 24 
   

 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 


 
HOUSE
    OF BODS FITNESS, INC.

 
 

Dated:
    April 14, 2016
By:
/s/
    Tammy Skalko

 
 
Tammy
    Skalko

 
 
President
    and CEO

 
Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 


Signature
 
Title
 
Date

 
 
 
 


/s/
    Tammy Skalko
 
President,
    CEO and Director (principal executive officer)
 
April
    14, 2016

Tammy
    Skalko
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

/s/
    James Beshara
 
CFO,
    Secretary, Treasurer and Director (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)
 
April
    14, 2016

James
    Beshara
 
 
 
 

 

 25 
   

 

HOUSE
OF BODS FITNESS, INC.
INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December
31, 2015 and 2014
 
CONTENTS
 


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 
F-2

 
 
 

Consolidated Balance Sheets – As of December 31, 2015 and 2014
 
F-3

 
 
 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - For the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014
 
F-4

 
 
 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Deficit - For the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014
 
F-5

 
 
 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014
 
F-6

 
 
 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 
F-7

 

 F-1 
   

 
Scrudato
& Co., PA
CERTIFIED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
House
of BODS Fitness, Inc.
 
We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of House of BODS Fitness, Inc. as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit.
 
We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of House
of BODS Fitness, Inc. at December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then
ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 
The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant accumulated deficits, recurring operating losses and a negative working capital.
This and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s
plans in regard to these matters are also discussed in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
 


/s/
    Scrudato & Co., PA
 

 
 

Califon,
    New Jersey
 

April
    13, 2016
 

 


7
    Valley View Drive Califon, New Jersey 07830

Registered
    Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Firm

 

 F-2 
   

 
HOUSE
OF BODS FITNESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
 


  
December
    31, 

  
2015  
2014 

ASSETS 
    
   

Current
    assets: 
    
   

Cash 
$5,286  
$1,656 

Total
    current assets 
 5,286  
 1,656 

  
    
   

Property
    and equipment, net 
 7,371  
 10,651 

Total
    Assets 
$12,657  
$12,307 

  
    
   

LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
   

Current
    liabilities 
    
   

Loan
    from officer 
$4,100  
$8,100 

Accrued
    interest – related party 
 11,771  
   

Notes
    payable – related party 
 10,000  
   

Total
    current liabilities 
 25,871  
 8,100 

  
    
   

Long-term
    liabilities 
    
   

Notes
    payable – related parties 
 120,000  
 30,000 

Total
    long-term liabilities 
 120,000  
 30,000 

Total
    liabilities 
 145,871  
 38,100 

  
    
   

Stockholders’
    deficit: 
    
   

Preferred
    stock, $.0001 par value, authorized 25,000,000 shares; none outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
 -  
 - 

Common
    stock, $.0001 par value, authorized 100,000,000 shares; 16,070,000 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2014 and 2013,
    respectively 
 1,607  
 1,607 

Additional
    paid-in capital 
 252,030  
 252,030 

Accumulated
    deficit 
 (386,851) 
 (279,430)

Total
    stockholders’ deficit 
 (133,214) 
 (25,793)

Total
    liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
$12,657  
$12,307 

 
See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
 

 F-3 
   

 
HOUSE
OF BODS FITNESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
 


  
For
    the Years Ended 

  
December
    31, 

  
2015  
2014 

Revenue 
$17,855  
$12,837 

Cost
    of revenue 
 -  
 2,907 

Gross
    profit 
 17,855  
 9,930 

  
    
   

Expenses 
    
   

Compensation
    – related party 
 27,501  
 - 

General
    and administrative 
 97,775  
 42,433 

Total
    expenses 
 125,276  
 42,433 

  
    
   

Net
    income (loss) before income taxes 
 (107,421) 
 (32,503)

Provision
    for income taxes 
 -  
 - 

Net
    income (loss) 
$(107,421) 
$(32,503)

  
    
   

Net
    loss per weighted share basic and fully diluted 
$(0.01) 
$0.00 

Weighted
    average number of common shares outstanding, basic and fully diluted 
 16,070,000  
 16,070,000 

 
See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
 

 F-4 
   

 
HOUSE
OF BODS FITNESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
 


  
   
Additional  
   
Total 

  
Common
    Stock  
Paid-in  
Accumulated  
Stockholders’ 

  
Shares  
Amount  
Capital  
Deficit  
Deficit 

  
   
   
   
   
  

Balance
    January 1, 2014 
 16,070,000  
$1,607  
$252,030  
$(246,927) 
$6,710 

  
    
    
    
    
   

Net
    loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (32,503) 
 (32,503)

Balance December
    31, 2014 
 16,070,000  
 1,607  
 252,030  
 (279,430) 
 (25,793)

  
    
    
    
    
   

Net
    loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (107,421) 
 (107,421)

Balance
    December 31, 2015 
 16,070,000  
$1,607  
$252,030  
$(386,851) 
$(133,214)

 
See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
 

 F-5 
   

 
HOUSE
OF BODS FITNESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 


  
Year
    Ended 

  
December
    31, 

  
2015  
2014 

Cash
    flows from operating activities: 
    
   

Net
    loss 
$(107,421) 
$(32,503)

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operating activities: 
    
   

Depreciation
    and amortization 
 3,280  
 3,275 

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
   

Other
    assets 
 -  
 2,797 

Accrued
    interest – related party 
 11,771  
 - 

Advances
    from related party 
 (4,000) 
 - 

Net
    cash used in operating activities 
 (96,370) 
 (26,431)

  
    
   

Cash
    flows from investing activities: 
    
   

Net
    cash used in investing activities 
 -  
 - 

  
    
   

Cash
    flows from financing activities: 
    
   

Proceeds
    from officer loan 
 -  
 8,100 

Note
    payable – related party (current) 
 10,000  
 20,000 

Note
    payable – related party (long-term) 
 90,000  
 - 

Net
    cash provided by financing activities 
 100,000  
 28,100 

  
    
   

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash 
 3,630  
 1,669 

Cash
    and cash equivalents - beginning of year 
 1,656  
 (13)

Cash
    and cash equivalents - end of year 
$5,286  
$1,656 

  
    
   

Supplemental
    disclosures of cash flow information: 
    
   

Interest
    paid in cash 
$-  
$- 

Taxes
    paid in cash 
$-  
$- 

  
    
   

Non
    Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
    
   

  
$-  
$- 

 
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 

 F-6 
   

 
HOUSE
OF BODS FITNESS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
 
Note
1 - Nature of Operations
 
Organization
 
House
of BODS Fitness, Inc. (the “Company,” “HOB,” “we,” “our,” or “us”)
was incorporated in Delaware on October 13, 2010. We acquired BODS Transcending Company (“BODT”) on October 21, 2010.
BODT was incorporated in the state of Florida on September 11, 2007 and was terminated on September 26, 2014. In 2014, the Company
determined that it no longer needed to continue to operate through a subsidiary and all of its operations were transferred to
Company.
 
The
dance studio opened for business in 2007, and, in the years since 2007, we have provided a fitness program for over 5,000 clients.
Our fitness program, created for women works out “body and mind” elevating the sprit, while burning calories. Our
new approach to exercise is to make exercise fun through dance, TRX training, and kickboxing, which takes the bore and lack of
motivation out of traditional exercising. Our program creates a style of exercising that captivates our clients in such a way
that it keeps them moving, while benefiting from the exercise. The dance studio closed in November of 2013. The Company is currently
looking for a new location.
 
Note
2 - Going Concern
 
The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
 
As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2015 of
$386,851, a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2015 of $107,421 and net cash used in operating activities of $96,370 for
the period. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
 
The
Company is attempting to produce sufficient revenue; however, the Company’s cash position may not be sufficient to support
its daily operations. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to produce sufficient revenue and in its ability
to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues and in its ability to raise
additional funds.
 
The
audit report of our independent registered public accounting firm includes an explanatory paragraph addressing the existence of
substantial doubt concerning the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
 
The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.
 
Note
3 - Summary of significant accounting principles
 
The
Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness
of accounting policies and their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important
to the portrayal of the Company’s financial condition and results and require management’s most difficult, subjective,
or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.
The Company’s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below.
 

 F-7 
   

 
Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued
 
Basis
of presentation
 
The
Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).
 
The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary BODT, through
December 31, 2015. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
 
Through
the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2014, the Company had reported under the guidance
of FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 915, Development Stage Entities. FASB Accounting Standards
Update No. 2014-10, Developments Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including
an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation, eliminated the concept of Development Stage
Entities and became effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014 and
interim periods therein. Accordingly, the Company has ceased reporting as a Development Stage Entity.
 
The
Company has adopted an annual accounting period of January through December.
 
Revenue
Recognition
 
The
Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable
and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has
been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured. In addition to the aforementioned general policy, the following is the specific revenue recognition policy:
 
Revenues
from the sale of our exercise, dance and training programs is recognized when:
 


 
●
Persuasive
    evidence of an arrangement exists;

 
 
 

 
●
The
    dance or exercise session has been completed in accordance with the terms of the arrangement;

 
 
 

 
●
The
    price, generally on a per session basis to the customer, is fixed and determinable; and

 
 
 

 
●
Collectability
    is reasonably assured.

 
Use
of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
 
The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period(s).
 
Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and
judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact
of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company’s critical accounting estimates
and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:
 
(i)
Assumption as a going concern: Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity
of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business;
 
(ii)
Fair value of long-lived assets: Fair value is generally determined using the asset’s expected future discounted cash
flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined
remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated
over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators
at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events.
 

 F-8 
   

 
Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued
 
(iii)
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: Management assumes that the realization of the Company’s net deferred tax
assets resulting from its net operating loss (“NOL”) carry–forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may
be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of
the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company
has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) the lack of certainty its ability to raise additional
funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.
 
(iv)
Estimates and assumptions used in valuation of equity instruments: Significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the
risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates
or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.
 
Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the
financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
 
Management
regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes
in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those
estimates are adjusted accordingly.
 
Actual
results could differ from those estimates.
 
Concentration
and Credit Risk
 
Financial
instruments and related items, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash,
cash equivalents and, when present, trade receivables. The Company places its cash and temporary cash investments with high credit
quality institutions. At times, such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.
 
Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 
FASB
ASC 820—Fair Value Measurements establishes a framework for measuring the fair value of financial instruments and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related
disclosures, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
value into three (3) broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy defined are as follows:
 


 
Level
    1
Quoted
    market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.

 
Level
    2
Pricing
    inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable
    as of the reporting date.

 
Level
    3
Pricing
    inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.

 
Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or
similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.
 
The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within
more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement of the instrument.
 

 F-9 
   

 
Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued
 
The
carrying amounts of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accrued interest – related party, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments.
 
Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm’s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of
competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply
that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arms-length transactions unless
such representations can be substantiated.
 
Carrying
Value, Recoverability and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
 
The
Company has adopted ASC 360—Property, Plant and Equipment for its long-lived assets. The Company’s long-lived
assets, which include furniture, fixtures and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
 
The
Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated
with the related long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets over their remaining estimated useful lives against their respective
carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair
value is generally determined using the asset’s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable.
If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than
originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated
useful lives.
 
The
Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence
of such events. There were no impairment charges recognized for the nine month periods ending December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
 
Cash
Equivalents
 
The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
 
Property
and Equipment
 
Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking
into account their respective estimated residual values) over the assets estimated useful lives of five (5) to seven (7) years.
Upon sale or retirement of property or equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.
 
Derivative
Instruments
 
The
Company accounts for derivative instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging
(“ASC 815”), which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for hedging activities. They require that an entity recognize all derivatives
as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.
 
If
certain conditions are met, a derivative may be specifically designated as a hedge, the objective of which is to match the timing
of gain or loss recognition on the hedging derivative with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of the hedged
asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk or (ii) the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction.
For a derivative not designated as a hedging instrument, the gain or loss is recognized in income in the period of change.
 

 F-10 
   

 
Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued
 
The
Company has not engaged in any derivative transactions or hedging activities during the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.
 
Related
Parties
 
The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 850—Related Party Transactions & Disclosures relating to the identification
of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.
 
Our
financial statements include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense
allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures include: (a) the nature of the relationship(s)
involved; (b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed,
for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding
of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; (c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods
for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used
in the preceding period; and (d) amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if
not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.
 
Commitment
and Contingencies
 
The
Company follows the guidance of ASC 450—Contingencies when accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist
as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only
be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such
assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that may
be pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived
merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected
to be sought therein.
 
If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. If the
assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but
cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable
and material, would be disclosed.
 
Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would
be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is
no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial position, and
results of operations or cash flows.
 
Equity
Instruments Issued to Parties Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services
 
The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under guidance
of ASC 505-50.
 
Accordingly,
all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted
for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the
date on which the performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur.
 

 F-11 
   

 
Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, continued
 
Deferred
Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision
 
The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included
in the financial statements or tax returns pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740—Income Taxes. Under this method,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
 

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share
 
Basic
net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period
to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements such as stock
options, convertible note shares and warrants.
 
For
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had 433,333 and 100,000 potentially dilutive shares underlying convertible
notes outstanding, respectively, which were not included in our income (loss) per share calculations as they were anti-dilutive.
 
Subsequent
Events
 
The
Company will evaluate and disclose if indicated, subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued.
Pursuant to ASU 2010-09, the Company, as an SEC filer, considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed
to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR.
 
Accounting
Standards Update
 
In
April 2015, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03 “Interest—Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs” (“ASU 2015-03”).To simplify presentation
of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt
discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this Update.
For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
 
In
August 2015, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date” (“ASU 2015-14”).The amendments in this Update defer
the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities,
and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.
 
Management
believes that recently issued standards, both effective and not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company’s
financial statements upon adoption.
 

 F-12 
   

 
Note
4 - Property and Equipment
 


  
2015  
2014 

Furniture
    and fixtures 
$12,939  
$12,939 

Equipment 
 10,527  
 10,527 

  
 23,466  
 23,466 

Less:
    accumulated depreciation 
 (16,095) 
 (12,815)

  
$7,371  
$10,651 

 
Depreciation
and expense was $3,280 and $3,275 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
 

 F-13 
   

 
Note
5 - Income Taxes
 
The
Company files a consolidated income tax return with its subsidiary. Income taxes are charged by the Company based on the amount
of income taxes the subsidy would have paid had they filed their own income tax returns. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740,
Accounting for Income Taxes, allocation of the consolidated income tax expense is necessary when separate financial statements
are prepared for an affiliate. As a result, the Company uses a method that allocates current and deferred taxes to members of
the consolidated group by applying the liability method to each member as if it were a separate taxpayer.
 
The
Company had no income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. At December 31, 2015, the Company
had approximately $320,000 of net operating losses (“NOL”) carry-forwards for federal and state income purposes. These
losses are available for future years and expire through 2034. Utilization of these losses may be severely or completely limited
if the Company undergoes an ownership change pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382.
 
The
deferred tax asset is approximately summarized as follows:
 


  
December
    31, 

  
2014  
2013 

Deferred
    tax asset: 
    
   

Net
    operating loss carry forwards 
$320,000  
$279,000 

Deferred
    tax asset 
 320,000  
 279,000 

Less:
    Valuation allowance 
 (320,000) 
 (279,000)

Net
    deferred tax asset 
$-  
$- 

 
The
Company’s reconciliation of the top Federal tax rate applied to the net income per book to the overall effective tax rate
per the income tax provision is as follows:
 


  
December
    31, 

  
2015  
2014 

Statutory
    federal income tax expense 
 (34)% 
 (34)%

State
    and local income tax 
 (4) 
 (4)

(net
    of federal benefits) 
    
   

Valuation
    allowance 
 38  
 38 

  
 -% 
 -%

 
The
Company has taken a full valuation allowance against the deferred asset attributable to the NOL carry-forwards of approximately
$320,000 and $279,000 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, due to the uncertainty of realizing the future tax benefits.
The valuation allowance increased by $41,000 attributable to the NOL reported for the year ended December 31, 2015.
 
Note
6-Capital Structure
 
Preferred
Stock
 
The
Company is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001. At December 31, 2015 and 2014,
there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding, respectively.
 

 F-14 
   

 
Note
6 - Capital Structure, continued
 
Common
Stock
 
The
Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value, non-assessable, common stock. At December 31, 2015 and
2014, there were 16,070,000 common shares outstanding, respectively. Each common stock share has one voting right and the right
to dividends, if and when declared by the board of directors.
 
Dividend
Policy
 
We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
 
Note
7 - Related Party Transactions and Notes Payable
 
On
September 13, 2013, the Company issued a $10,000 unsecured convertible promissory note to Edward Beshara, the brother of James
Beshara, our CFO, Secretary and Treasurer and a Director. The note matured and was payable in full on or before September 13,
2015. This note was not paid at maturity and is now being carried on a month to month basis. No payments have been made on this
note through December 31, 2015, leaving a balance of $10,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The note is convertible
by the holder at $.10 per share.
 
On
May 19, 2014, the Company issued a $4,000 note to Ms. Skalko, our President, CEO, and Director. The note was payable on demand
and bears interest at 12% per annum, which Note was paid in February 2015.
 
On
October 28, 2014, the Company issued a $20,000 unsecured convertible promissory note to Edward Beshara, the brother of James Beshara,
our CFO, Secretary and Treasurer and a Director. The note matures in full on or before October 28, 2016. No payments have been
made on this note through December 31, 2015 leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12% per annum. The Note
is convertible by the holder at $.10 per share.
 
On
October 31, 2014, the Company issued a $4,000 to Ms. Skalko, our President, CEO, and a Director, which is due in full on demand.
No payments have been made on this note through December 31, 2015. There is no interest accruing on this Note.
 
On
January 23, 2015 the Company issued a $20,000 unsecured convertible promissory note to James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer
and Director. The note matures on January 23, 2017. No interim payments are due under this Note. No payments have been made on
this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of 20% per annum. This note is convertible into common stock
of the Company at $.15 per share.
 
On
May 21, 2015, the Company executed a convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary, Treasurer
and Director, in the original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before May 21, 2017. No interim payments
are due under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest at a rate of
12% per annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.15 per share.
 
On
October 26, 2015, the Company executed a convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary,
Treasurer and Director, in the original principal balance of $20,000, which will be due in full on or before October 26, 2017.
No interim payments are due under this Note. No payments have been made on this note, leaving a balance of $20,000, accruing interest
at a rate of 12% per annum. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 
Advances
from related parties
 
From
time to time, our, CEO and Director of the Company advances funds to the Company for working capital purpose. These advances are
unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. In February 2015, the Company repaid $4,000 of these loans.
 
Advances
from related parties consisted of the following:
 


  
December
    31, 2015  
December
    31, 2014 

Advances
    from Ms. Skalko, President, CEO and Director 
$4,100  
$8,100 

  
$4,100  
$8,100 

 

 F-15 
   

 
Note
8 - Net Income (Loss) Per Share
 
The
Company reports basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) according to the provisions of ASC Topic 260, which requires the presentation
of basic EPS and, for companies with complex capital structures, diluted EPS. Basic EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing
net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders, adjusted by other changes in income or
loss that would result from the assumed conversion of those potential common shares, by the weighted number of common shares and
common share equivalents (unless their effect is anti-dilutive) outstanding. Common stock equivalents are not included in the
computation of diluted earnings per share when the Company reports a loss because to do so would be anti-dilutive. Thus, these
equivalents are not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share, resulting in basic and diluted loss per share being
equal. The following is a reconciliation of the computation for basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014:
 


  
2015  
2014 

Net
    (Loss) 
$(107,421) 
$(32,503)

  
    
   

Weighted-average
    common shares outstanding basic 
    
   

  
    
   

Weighted-average
    common stock 
 16,070,000  
 16,070,000 

Equivalents 
    
   

Stock
    options 
 -  
 - 

Warrants 
 -  
 - 

Convertible
    Notes 
 -  
 - 

Weighted-average
    common shares outstanding- basic and diluted 
 16,070,000  
 16,070,000 

 
Note
9 - Subsequent Events 
 
On
January 16, 2016, the Company executed an unsecured convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO,
Secretary, Treasurer and Director, in the original principal balance of $25,000, which will be due in full on or before January
16, 2018. The note carries an interest rate of 12% per annum with no interim payments of interest or principal due on the note
until maturity. This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 
On
March 29, 2016, the Company executed an unsecured convertible promissory note evidencing a loan from James Beshara, our CFO, Secretary,
Treasurer and Director, in the original principal balance of $25,000, which will be due in full on or before March 29, 2018. The
note carries an interest rate of 20% per annum with no interim payments of interest or principal due on the note until maturity.
This note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $.10 per share.
 

 F-16 
   

 
 






House of BODS Fitness, Inc. Latest filings

Filing dateCompanyFormQuarterYear
 2017-03-31House of BODS Fitness, Inc.NT 10-K12017view 2017-01-27House of BODS Fitness, Inc.8-K12017view 2017-01-12House of BODS Fitness, Inc.8-K12017view 2016-11-15House of BODS Fitness, Inc.10-Q42016view 2016-11-15House of BODS Fitness, Inc.NT 10-Q42016view 2016-08-22House of BODS Fitness, Inc.10-Q32016view 2016-08-15House of BODS Fitness, Inc.NT 10-Q32016view 2016-05-13House of BODS Fitness, Inc.10-Q22016view 2016-04-14House of BODS Fitness, Inc.10-K22016view 2016-03-30House of BODS Fitness, Inc.NT 10-K12016view














View House of BODS Fitness, Inc. Annual report 2/2016 SEC Filing for free. A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year. 





