    William Housey | First Trust Advisors LP | ZoomInfo.com










 






Search People Find Friends Find Anyone People Search - MyLife.com















William Housey at MyLife.com® - View 5 Results Found






































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in







Home
People Search
William Housey


William Housey in the United States
We found 5 people in the US matching William Housey.
                Get William Housey's full address, contact info, background report and more!
            











Filter by Age and Location
REFINE SEARCH
Find William Housey by State


Illinois  (2) found


Louisiana  (1) found


Texas  (2) found




  




                                        1.
                                            




William Anthony Housey

 - Glen Ellyn,
IL
                                    , Age 43


 
                                                
                                                    (630) ***-****
                                                
 ****@vankampen.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




William A Housey





William  Housey






William  Anthony Housey
 




William Anthony Housey
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




West Chicago
, 



Il





Hickory Hills
, 



Il






Glen Ellyn
, 



Il


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES




Shelley M Housey





Rosemary V Housey






Michael J Housey





William A Housey


+2 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        2.
                                            




William A Housey

 - Palos Hills,
IL
                                    , Age 66


 
                                                
                                                    (708) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




William A Howsey





William A Houseysr






William  Housey
 




William A Housey
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Hickory Hills
, 



Il





Palos Hills
, 



Il






Palos Hills
, 



Il


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES




Shelley M Housey





Rosemary V Housey






Michael J Housey





William Anthony Housey


+2 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        3.
                                            




William T Housey

 - New Orleans,
LA
                                    , Age 97




ALSO KNOWN AS




William T Housey





W T Housey






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        4.
                                            




William Thomas Housey

 - Austin,
TX
                                    , Age 43


 
                                                
                                                    (512) ***-****
                                                
 ****@yahoo.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




William T Housey





William Thomas Housey






William  Housey
 




W T Housey
 

+2 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Austin
, 



Tx





Bastrop
, 



Tx



RELATIVES




William Thomas Housey





Shirley Marshall Housey






Andrew James Housey


+1 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        5.
                                            




William Thomas Housey

 - Bastrop,
TX
                                    , Age 70


 
                                                
                                                    (512) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




W T Housey





Wm T Housey






William  Housey
 




William T Houseyjr
 




William T Housey
 




William Thomas Housey
 

+4 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Hallettsville
, 



Tx





Austin
, 



Tx






Austin
, 



Tx


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                    1 of 1  












Filter Results for William Housey




First Name

Last Name



Last Known Location

Age




Cancel APPLY FILTERS









×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in






































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












				Copyright © MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








				* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
			



 











×


ZIP Code


Please enter a valid zip code



SUBMIT





















William Housey in Texas - View 2 Results Found





















William Housey in Bastrop, TX - View 1 Results Found



















William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










William T Housey, 70  - Bastrop, TX | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in












Home




People Search






TX






Bastrop




William Housey












About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 WH


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

William Housey
 Bastrop, TX
 Age: 70 -
								02/12/1947








AKA:
                                                William T Housey, W T Housey, William Thomas Housey, Wm T Housey, William T Houseyjr, 













Work Info







Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            William










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











43*** **** Dr


Bastrop, TX 78602







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Bastrop
, TX.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Austin
, TX.
        















About & Contact Information


William's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Bastrop
, TX.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Hallettsville
, TX.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
43*** **** Dr
Bastrop, TX
View Address


Past Address
19*** **** St




Austin
, TX
View Address


Past Address
P*** **** 33




Hallettsville
, TX
View Address


Past Address
88*** **** 124




Austin
, TX
View Address







    William may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see William's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    William may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    William may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    William may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    William may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    William may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see William's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    William may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    William may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see William's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





William Housey's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        William










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    William may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on William. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    William may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses William may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    William may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that William may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates




    William may have a record of Relatives/Associates - Check Full Background Report to see possible family members, friends, co-workers, and associates found from multiple government records, social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Classmates




    William may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another William Housey






wh


William Housey, 43 
Austin, TX



wh


William Housey, 43 
Glen Ellyn, IL



wh


William Housey, 66 
Palos Hills, IL



wh


William Housey, 97 
New Orleans, LA




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 








Home




People Search






TX






Bastrop




William Housey





Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help William build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating William Housey
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into William's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does William have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with William
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with William

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date William

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know William?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You William Housey?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  William 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about William .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON William Housey
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view William Housey's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access William's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for William Housey











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  William



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for William Housey











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 19:13:21 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Halsey Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






William Halsey Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from William Halsey, Jr.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"William Halsey" redirects here. For other uses, see William Halsey (disambiguation).


Fleet Admiral
William Halsey Jr.





Birth name
William Frederick Halsey Jr.


Nickname(s)
"Bull" Halsey (in the press)
"Bill" (to his family, friends, and Navy colleagues)


Born
(1882-10-30)October 30, 1882
Elizabeth, New Jersey


Died
August 16, 1959(1959-08-16) (aged 76)
Fishers Island, New York


Place of Burial
Arlington National Cemetery


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
 United States Navy


Years of service
1904–1959[1]


Rank
 Fleet Admiral


Commands held
USS Flusser
USS Shaw
USS Wickes
USS Dale
USS Saratoga
NAS Pensacola
Carrier Division 2
Task Force 16
South Pacific Area
United States Third Fleet


Battles/wars

World War I

First Battle of the Atlantic

World War II

Marshalls-Gilberts raids
Doolittle Raid
Guadalcanal Campaign
Solomon Islands Campaign
Operation Cartwheel

New Georgia Campaign
Bougainville Campaign


Battle of Leyte Gulf




Awards
Navy Cross
Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Presidential Unit Citation
Mexican Service Medal
World War I Victory Medal
American Defense Service Medal
Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal
World War II Victory Medal






Admiral Halsey as he appears at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.


William Frederick Halsey Jr., GBE (October 30, 1882 – August 16, 1959[2]), known as Bill Halsey or "Bull" Halsey, was an American fleet admiral in the United States Navy. At the start of the War in the Pacific (1941–45) Halsey commanded the task force centered on the carrier Enterprise in a series of raids against Japanese-held targets. He was made commander, South Pacific Area and led the Allied forces over the course of the Battle for Guadalcanal (1942–43) and the fighting up the Solomon chain (1942–45).[3] In 1943 he was made commander of the Third Fleet, the post he held through the rest of the war.[4]



Contents


1 Early years
2 Interwar years
3 World War II

3.1 Early Pacific carrier raids
3.2 South Pacific Area Command
3.3 Battles of the Central Pacific

3.3.1 Leyte Gulf
3.3.2 Battle off Samar


3.4 Halsey's Typhoon
3.5 End of the war


4 Postwar years
5 Death
6 Personal life
7 Dates of rank
8 Awards and decorations

8.1 Foreign awards


9 Honors
10 In popular culture
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early years[edit]
Halsey was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, on October 30, 1882, the son of U.S. Navy Captain William F. Halsey Sr. His father was a descendant of Senator Rufus King, who was an American lawyer, politician, diplomat, and Federalist. Halsey attended the Pingry School.[5]
After waiting two years to receive an appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Halsey decided to study medicine at the University of Virginia and then join the Navy as a physician. He chose Virginia because his best friend, Karl Osterhause, was there. While there, Halsey joined the Delta Psi fraternity and was also a member of the secretive Seven Society.[6] After his first year, Halsey received his appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, and entered the Academy in the fall of 1900. While attending the academy he lettered in football as a fullback and earned several athletic honors. Halsey graduated from the Naval Academy on February 2, 1904.[7]
Following graduation he spent his early service years in battleships, and sailed with the main battle fleet aboard the battleship USS Kansas (BB-21) as Roosevelt's Great White Fleet circumnavigated the globe from 1907 to 1909. Halsey was on the bridge of the battleship USS Missouri on Wednesday, April 13, 1904, when a flareback from the port gun in her after turret ignited a powder charge and set off two others. No explosion occurred, but the rapid burning of the powder burnt and suffocated to death 31 officers and men. This resulted in Halsey dreading the 13th of every month, especially when it fell on a Friday.[8]
After his service on the Missouri, Halsey served aboard torpedo boats, beginning with USS Du Pont in 1909. Halsey was one of the few officers who was promoted directly from Ensign to full lieutenant, skipping the rank of lieutenant (junior grade).[9] Torpedoes and torpedo boats became specialties of his, and he commanded the First Group of the Atlantic Fleet's Torpedo Flotilla in 1912 through 1913. Halsey commanded a number of torpedo boats and destroyers during the 1910s and 1920s. At that time, the destroyer and the torpedo boat, though extremely hazardous delivery methods, were the most effective way to bring the torpedo into combat against capital ships. Lieutenant Commander Halsey's World War I service, including command of USS Shaw in 1918, earned him the Navy Cross.
Interwar years[edit]
In October 1922, he was the naval attaché at the American Embassy in Berlin, Germany. One year later, he was given additional duty as naval attaché at the American Embassies in Christiania, Norway; Copenhagen, Denmark; and Stockholm, Sweden. He then returned to sea duty, again in destroyers in European waters, in command of USS Dale and USS Osborne. Upon his return to the U.S. in 1927, he served one year as executive officer of the battleship USS Wyoming, and then for three years in command of USS Reina Mercedes, the station ship at the Naval Academy. Captain Halsey continued his destroyer duty on his next two-year stint at sea, starting in 1930 as Commander Destroyer Division Three of the Scouting Force, before returning to study at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.[10]
In 1934 the chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Navy Admiral Ernest King, offered Halsey command of the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga, subject to completion of the course of an air observer. Captain Halsey elected to enroll as a cadet for the full 12-week Naval Aviator course rather than the simpler Naval Aviation Observer program. "I thought it better to be able to fly the aircraft itself than to just sit back and be at the mercy of the pilot." Halsey earned his Naval Aviator's Wings on May 15, 1935, at the age of 52, the oldest person to do so in the history of the U.S. Navy. While he had approval from his wife to train as an observer, she learned from a letter after the fact that he had changed to pilot training, and she told her daughter, "What do you think that the old fool is doing now? He's learning to fly!"[11] He went on to command the Saratoga, and later the Naval Air Station Pensacola at Pensacola, Florida. Halsey considered airpower an important part of the future navy, commenting, "The naval officer in the next war had better know his aviation, and good." Captain Halsey was promoted to rear admiral in 1938. During this time he commanded carrier divisions and served as the overall commander of the Aircraft Battle Force.
World War II[edit]
Traditional naval doctrine envisioned naval combat fought between opposing battleship gun lines. This view was challenged when army airman General Billy Mitchell demonstrated the capability of aircraft to substantially damage and sink even the most heavily armored naval vessel. In the interwar debate that followed, some saw the carrier as defensive in nature, providing air cover to protect the battle group from shore-based aircraft. Carrier-based aircraft were lighter in design and had not been shown to be as lethal. The adage "Capital ships cannot withstand land-based air power" was well known.[12] Aviation proponents, however, imagined bringing the fight to the enemy with the use of air power.[13] Halsey was a firm believer in the aircraft carrier as the primary naval offensive weapon system. When he testified at Admiral Husband Kimmel's hearing after the Pearl Harbor debacle he summed up American carrier tactics being to "get to the other fellow with everything you have as fast as you can and to dump it on him." Halsey testified he would never hesitate to use the carrier as an offensive weapon.
In April 1940, Halsey's ships, as part of Battle Fleet, moved to Hawaii and in June 1940, he was promoted to vice admiral (temporary rank): appointed commander Carrier Division 2 and commander Aircraft Battle Force.[9]
With tensions high and war imminent, U.S. Naval intelligence indicated Wake Island would be the target of a Japanese surprise attack. In response, on 28 November 1941 Admiral Kimmel ordered Halsey to take USS Enterprise to ferry aircraft to Wake Island to reinforce the Marines there. Kimmel had given Halsey "a free hand" to attack and destroy any Japanese military forces encountered.[9] The planes flew off her deck on December 2. Highly anxious of being spotted and then jumped by the Japanese carrier force, Halsey gave orders to "sink any shipping sighted, shoot down any plane encountered." Protested his operations officer, "Goddammit, Admiral, you can't start a private war of your own! Who's going to take the responsibility?" Said Halsey: "I'll take it! If anything gets in my way, we'll shoot first and argue afterwards."[14]
A storm delayed Enterprise on her return voyage to Hawaii. Instead of returning on December 6 as planned, she was still 200 miles out at sea, when she received word that the surprise attack anticipated was not at Wake Island, but at Pearl Harbor itself. News of the attack came in the form of overhearing desperate radio transmissions from one of her aircraft sent forward to Pearl Harbor, attempting to identify itself as American.[15] The plane was shot down, and her pilot and crew were lost. In the immediate wake of the attack upon Pearl Harbor, Admiral Kimmel named Halsey "commander of all the ships at sea."[9] Enterprise searched south and west of the Hawaiian islands for the Japanese attackers, but did not locate the six Japanese fleet carriers then retiring to the north and west.
Early Pacific carrier raids[edit]




An SBD Dauntless flies anti-submarine patrol over Enterprise and Saratoga.


Vice Admiral Halsey and Enterprise slipped back into Pearl Harbor on the evening of December 8. Surveying the wreckage of the Pacific Fleet, he remarked, "Before we're through with them, the Japanese language will be spoken only in hell."[16] Halsey was an aggressive commander. Above all else, he was an energetic and demanding leader who had the ability to invigorate the U.S. Navy's fighting spirit when most required.[17] In the early months of the war, as the nation was rocked by the fall of one western bastion after another, Halsey looked to take the fight to the enemy. Serving as commander, Carrier Division 2 aboard his flagship Enterprise, Halsey led a series of hit-and-run raids against the Japanese, striking the Gilbert and Marshall islands in February, Wake Island in March, and carrying out the Doolittle Raid in April, 1942 against the Japanese capital Tokyo and other places on Japan's largest and most populous island Honshu, the first air raid to strike the Japanese Home Islands, providing an important boost to American morale. Halsey's slogan, "Hit hard, hit fast, hit often" soon became a byword for the Navy.
Halsey returned to Pearl Harbor from his last raid on May 26, 1942 in poor health due to the extremely serious and stressful conditions at hand. He had spent nearly all of the previous six months on the bridge of the carrier Enterprise, directing the Navy's counterstrikes. A debilitating chronic skin condition covered a great deal of his body and caused unbearable itching, making it nearly impossible for him to sleep. Gaunt and having lost twenty pounds, he was medically ordered to the Hospital in Hawaii.
Meanwhile, U.S. Naval intelligence had strongly ascertained that the Japanese were planning an attack on the Central Pacific island of Midway. Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet, determined to take the opportunity to engage them. Losing Midway would have been a very serious threat because the Japanese then could easily take Hawaii and threaten the West Coast of the United States. The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.[18] Nimitz met with Halsey, who recommended his cruiser division commander, Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance, to take command for the upcoming Midway operation.[19] Nimitz considered the move, but it would mean stepping over Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher of Task Force 17, who was the senior of the two men. After interviewing Fletcher and reviewing his reports from the Coral Sea engagement, Nimitz was convinced that Fletcher's performance was sound, and he was given the responsibility of command in the defense of Midway.[20] Acting upon Halsey's recommendations, Nimitz then made Rear Admiral Spruance commander of Halsey's Task Force 16, comprising the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. To aid Spruance, who had no experience as the commander of a carrier force, Halsey sent along his irascible chief of staff, Captain Miles Browning. The ensuing harrowing Battle of Midway was a crucial turning point in the war for the United States and a dramatic victory for the U.S. Navy.
Halsey's skin condition was so serious, he was sent on the light cruiser USS Detroit to San Francisco where he was met by a leading allergist for specialized treatment. The skin condition soon receded but Halsey was ordered to stand down for the next 6 weeks and relax. While detached stateside during his convalescence, he visited family and travelled to Washington D.C. In late August, he accepted a speaking engagement at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Prior to the discussion of his raids against the Japanese positions in the Marshall Islands, Halsey informed the midshipmen before him, "Missing the Battle of Midway has been the greatest disappointment of my career, but I am going back to the Pacific where I intend personally to have a crack at those yellow-bellied sons of bitches and their carriers," which was received with loud applause.[21]
At the completion of his convalescence in September 1942 Admiral Nimitz reassigned Halsey to Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet.
South Pacific Area Command[edit]




Halsey in the South Pacific.


After being medically approved to return to duty, Halsey was named to command a carrier task force in the South Pacific Area. Since Enterprise was still laid up in Pearl Harbor undergoing repairs following the Battle of the Eastern Solomons, and the other ships of Task Force 16 were still being readied, he began a familiarization trip to the south Pacific on October 15, 1942, arriving at area headquarters at Nouméa in New Caledonia on the 18th. The Guadalcanal Campaign was at a critical juncture, with the 1st Marine Division, 11,000 men, under the combat command of Marine Major General Alexander A. Vandergrift holding on by a thread around Henderson (Air) Field. The Marines did receive additional support from the U.S. Army's 164th Regiment with a complement of 2,800 soldiers on October 13. This addition only helped to fill some of the serious holes and was insufficient to sustain the battle of itself. During this critical juncture, naval support was tenuous due to Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley's reticence, malaise and lackluster performance.[9] Pacific Fleet commander Chester Nimitz had concluded that Vice Admiral Ghormley had become dispirited and exhausted.[22] Nimitz made his decision to change the South Pacific Area command while Halsey was en route. As Halsey's aircraft came to rest in Nouméa, a whaleboat came alongside carrying Ghormley's flag lieutenant. Meeting him before he could board the flagship, the lieutenant handed over a sealed envelope containing a message from Nimitz:

YOU WILL TAKE COMMAND OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC AREA AND SOUTH PACIFIC FORCES IMMEDIATELY[3]

The order came as an awkward surprise to Halsey. Ghormley was a long time personal friend, and had been since their days as teammates on the football team back at Annapolis. Awkward or not, the two men carried out their directives. Halsey's command now included all ground, sea, and air forces in the South Pacific area. News of the change flashed and produced an immediate boost to morale with the beleaguered Marines, energizing his command. He was widely considered the U.S. Navy's most aggressive admiral, and with good reason. He set about assessing the situation to determine what actions were needed. Ghormley had been unsure of his command's ability to maintain the Marine toehold on Guadalcanal, and had been mindful of leaving them trapped there for a repeat of the Bataan Peninsula disaster. Halsey punctiliously made it clear he did not plan to withdraw the Marines. He not only intended to counter the Japanese efforts to dislodge them, he intended to secure the island. Above all else, he wanted to regain the initiative and take the fight to the Japanese. It was two days after Halsey had taken command in October 1942 that he gave an order that all naval officers in the South Pacific would dispense with wearing neckties with their tropical uniforms. As Richard Frank commented in his account of the Battle for Guadalcanal:

Halsey said he gave this order to conform to Army practice and for comfort. To his command it viscerally evoked the image of a brawler stripping for action and symbolized a casting off of effete elegance no more appropriate to the tropics than to war.[23]

Halsey led the South Pacific command through what was for the U.S. Navy the most tenuous phase of the war. Halsey committed his limited naval forces through a series of naval battles around Guadalcanal, including the carrier engagements of the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands and the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. These engagements checked the Japanese advance and drained their naval forces of carrier aircraft and pilots.




Admirals Nimitz and Halsey discuss South Pacific strategy in early 1943.


In November Halsey's willingness to place at risk his command's two fast battleships in the confined waters around Guadalcanal for a night engagement paid off with the U.S. Navy winning the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal, the decisive naval engagement of the Guadalcanal campaign that doomed the Japanese garrison and wrested control from the Japanese.
The Solomons campaign ended up being a meat grinder of IJN aviation.[24] In April 1943, Halsey assigned Admiral Marc Mitscher to Commander Air, Solomon Islands (ComAirSols) where he directed a mixed bag of Army, Navy, Marine and New Zealand aircraft in the airwar over Guadalcanal and up the Solomon chain. Said Halsey: "I knew we'd probably catch hell from the Japs in the air. That's why I sent Pete Mitscher up there. Pete was a fighting fool and I knew it."[25]
Typical for the period was an exchange that occurred between Halsey and one of his staff officers in June 1943. South Pacific Command was expecting the arrival of an additional air group to support their next offensive. As a part of the long view of winning the war taken by Nimitz, upon its arrival at Fiji the group was given new orders to return stateside and be broken up, its pilots to be used as instructors for pilot training. South Pacific command had been counting on the air group for their operations up the Solomon chain. The staff officer who brought the dispatch to Halsey remarked "If they do that to us we will have to go on the defensive." The admiral turned to the speaker and replied: "As long as I have one plane and one pilot, I will stay on the offensive."[26]
Admiral Halsey's forces spent the rest of the year battling up the Solomon Islands chain to Bougainville. At Bougainville the Japanese had two airfields in the southern tip of the island, and another at the northern most peninsula, with a fourth on Buki just across the northern passage. Here, instead of landing near the Japanese airfields and taking them away against the bulk of the Japanese defenders, Halsey landed his invasion force of 14,000 marines in Empress Augusta Bay, about halfway up the west coast of Bougainville. There he had the Seabees clear and build their own airfield. Two days after the landing, a large cruiser force was sent down from Japan to Rabaul in preparation for a night engagement against Halsey's screening force and supply ships in Empress Augusta Bay. The Japanese had been conserving their naval forces over the past year, but now committed a force of seven heavy cruisers, along with one light cruiser and four destroyers. At Rabaul the force refueled in preparation for the coming night battle. Halsey had no surface forces anywhere near equivalent strength to oppose them. The battleships Washington, South Dakota and assorted cruisers had been transferred to the Central Pacific to support the upcoming invasion of Tarawa. Other than the destroyer screen, the only force Halsey had available were the carrier airgroups on Saratoga and Princeton. Rabaul was a heavily fortified port, with five airfields and extensive anti-aircraft batteries. Other than the surprise raid at Pearl Harbor, no mission against such a target had ever been accomplished with carrier aircraft. It was highly dangerous to the aircrews, and to the carriers as well. With the landing in the balance, Halsey sent his two carriers to steam north through the night to get into range of Rabaul, then launch a daybreak raid on the base. Aircraft from recently captured Vella Lavella were sent over to provide a combat air patrol over the carriers. All available aircraft from the two carriers were committed to the raid itself. The mission was a stunning success, so damaging the cruiser force at Rabaul as to make them no longer a threat. Aircraft losses in the raid were light. Halsey later described the threat to the landings "the most desperate emergency that confronted me in my entire term as ComSoPac."[27]
Following the successful Bougainville operation, he then isolated and neutralized the Japanese naval stronghold at Rabaul by capturing surrounding positions in the Bismarck Archipelago in a series of amphibious landings known as Operation Cartwheel. This enabled the continuation of the drive north without the heavy fighting that would have been necessary to capture the base itself. With the neutralization of Rabaul, major operations in the South Pacific Command came to a close. With his determination and grit, Halsey had bolstered his command's resolve and seized the initiative from the Japanese until ships, aircraft and crews produced and trained in the States could arrive in 1943 and 1944 to tip the scales of the war in favor of the allies.[28]
Battles of the Central Pacific[edit]




Adm. Halsey confers with Task Force 38 commander and fellow 'dirty trickster' Adm. John S. McCain Sr. on board Halsey's flagship, the USS New Jersey, 1944.


As the war progressed it moved out of the South Pacific and into the Central Pacific. Admiral Halsey's command shifted with it, and in May 1944 he was promoted to commanding officer of the newly formed Third Fleet. He commanded actions from the Philippines to Japan. From September 1944 to January 1945, he led the campaigns to take the Palaus, Leyte and Luzon, and on many raids on Japanese bases, including off the shores of Formosa, China, and Vietnam.
By this point in the conflict the U.S. Navy was doing things the Japanese high command had not thought possible. The Fast Carrier Task Force was able to bring to battle enough air power to overpower land based aircraft and dominate whatever area the fleet was operating in. Moreover, the Navy's ability to establish forward operating ports as they did at Majuro, Enewetak and Ulithi, and their ability to convoy supplies out to the combat task forces allowed the fleet to operate for extended periods of time far out to sea in the central and western Pacific. The Japanese Navy conserved itself in port and would sortie in force to engage the enemy. The U.S. Navy remained at sea and on station, dominating whatever region it entered. The size of the Pacific Ocean, which Japanese planners had thought would limit the U.S. Navy's ability to operate in the western Pacific, would not be adequate to protect Japan.
Command of the "big blue fleet" was alternated with Raymond Spruance.[N 1] Under Spruance the fleet designation was the Fifth Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 58". Under Halsey the fleet was designated Third Fleet and the Fast Carrier Task Force was designated "Task Force 38".[4] The split command structure was intended to confuse the Japanese and created a higher tempo of operations. While Spruance was at sea operating the fleet, Halsey and his staff, self-dubbed the "Department of Dirty Tricks", would be planning the next series of operations.[29] The two admirals were a contrast in styles. Halsey was aggressive and a risk taker. Spruance was calculating, professional and cautious. Most higher-ranking officers preferred to serve under Spruance; most common sailors were proud to serve under Halsey.[30]
Leyte Gulf[edit]




Halsey dines with crew of USS New Jersey (November 1944)


In October 1944, amphibious forces of the U.S. Seventh Fleet carried out General Douglas MacArthur's major landings on the island of Leyte in the Central Philippines. Halsey's Third Fleet was assigned to cover and support Seventh Fleet operations around Leyte. Halsey's plans assumed the Japanese fleet or a major portion of it would challenge the effort, creating an opportunity to engage it decisively. Halsey directed the Third Fleet "will seek the enemy and attempt to bring about a decisive engagement if he undertakes operations beyond support of superior land based air forces."[31]
In response to the invasion, the Japanese launched their final major naval effort, an operation known as 'Sho-Go', involving almost all their surviving fleet. It was aimed at destroying the invasion shipping in the Leyte Gulf. The Northern Force of Admiral Ozawa was built around the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers, now weakened by the heavy loss of trained pilots. The Northern Force was meant to lure the covering U.S. forces away from the Gulf while two surface battle-groups, the Center Force and the Southern Force, were to break through to the beachhead and attack the invasion shipping. These forces were built around the remaining strength of the Japanese Navy, and comprised a total of 7 battleships and 16 cruisers. The operation brought about the Battle for Leyte Gulf, the largest naval battle of the Second World War and, by some criteria, the largest naval battle in history.
The Center Force commanded by Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita was located October 23 coming through the Palawan Passage by two American submarines, which attacked the force, sinking two heavy cruisers and damaging a third. The following day Third Fleet's aircraft carriers launched strikes against Kurita's Center Force, sinking the battleship Musashi and damaging the heavy cruiser Myōkō, causing the force to turn westward back towards its base. Kurita appeared to be retiring but he later reversed course and headed back into the San Bernardino Strait. At this point Ozawa's Northern Force was located by Third Fleet scout aircraft. Halsey made the momentous decision to take all available strength northwards to destroy the Japanese carrier forces, planning to strike them at dawn of October 25. He considered leaving a battle group behind to guard the strait, and made tentative plans to do so, but he felt he would also have to leave one of his three carrier groups to provide air cover, weakening his chance to crush the remaining Japanese carrier forces. The entire Third Fleet steamed northward. San Bernardino Strait was effectively left unguarded by any major surface fleet.
Battle off Samar[edit]
In moving Third Fleet northwards, Halsey failed to advise Admiral Thomas Kinkaid of Seventh Fleet of his decision. Seventh Fleet intercepts of organizational messages from Halsey to his own task group commanders seemed to indicate that Halsey had formed a task force and detached it to protect the San Bernardino Strait, but this was not the case. Kinkaid and his staff failed to confirm this with Halsey, and neither had confirmed this with Nimitz.
Despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 24–25 October of Kurita's Center Force in the San Bernardino Strait, Halsey continued to take Third Fleet northwards, away from Leyte Gulf.




Halsey with Vice Admiral John S. McCain Sr.


When Kurita's Center Force emerged from the San Bernardino Strait on the morning of October 25, there was nothing to oppose them except a small force of escort carriers and screening destroyers and destroyer escorts, Task Unit 77.4.3 "Taffy 3", which had been tasked and armed to attack troops on land and guard against submarines[clarification needed], not oppose the largest enemy surface fleet since Midway led by the largest battleship in the world. Advancing down the coast of the island of Samar towards the troop transports and support ships of the Leyte Gulf landing, they took Seventh Fleet's escort carriers and their screening ships entirely by surprise. In the desperate Battle off Samar which followed, Kurita's ships destroyed one of the escort carriers and three ships of the carriers' screen, and damaging a number of other ships as well.
The remarkable resistance of the screening ships of the escort carrier groups against Kurita's battle-group remains one of the most heroic feats in the storied history of the US Navy. Their efforts and those of the aircraft that the escort carriers could put up took a heavy toll on Kurita's ships and convinced him that he was facing a stronger force than was the case. Mistaking the escort carriers for Halsey's fleet carriers, and fearing entrapment from the six battleships of the Third Fleet battleship group, he decided to withdraw back through the San Bernardino Strait and to the west without achieving his objective of the Leyte landing.
When the Seventh Fleet's escort carriers found themselves under attack from the Center Force, Halsey began to receive a succession of desperate calls from Kinkaid asking for immediate assistance off Samar. For over two hours Halsey turned a deaf ear to these calls. Then, shortly after 10:00 hours,[32] a message was received from Admiral Nimitz: "Where is repeat where is Task Force 34? The world wonders". The tail end of this message, The world wonders, was intended as padding designed to confuse enemy decoders, but was mistakenly left in the message when it was handed to Halsey. The urgent inquiry had seemingly become a stinging rebuke. The fiery Halsey threw his hat on the deck of the bridge and began cursing.[32] Finally Halsey's Chief of Staff, Rear Admiral Robert "Mick" Carney, confronted him, telling Halsey "Stop it! What the hell's the matter with you? Pull yourself together."[14]
Halsey cooled but continued to steam Third Fleet northward to close on Ozawa's Northern Force for a full hour after receiving the signal from Nimitz.[32] Then, Halsey ordered Task Force 34 south. As Task Force 34 proceeded south they were further delayed when the battle force had to slow to 12 knots so that the battleships could refuel their escorting destroyers. The refueling cost a two and a half hour further delay.[32] By the time Task Force 34 arrived at the scene it was too late to assist the Seventh Fleet's escort carrier groups. Kurita had already decided to retire and had left the area. A single straggling destroyer was caught by Halsey's advance cruisers and destroyers, but the rest of Kurita's force was able to escape.
Meanwhile the major part Third Fleet continued to close on Ozawa's Northern Force, which included one fleet carrier (the last surviving Japanese carrier of the six that had attacked Pearl Harbor) and three light carriers. The Battle of Cape Engaño resulted in Halsey's Third Fleet sinking all four of Ozawa's carriers.
The same attributes that made Halsey an invaluable leader in the desperate early months of the war, his desire to bring the fight to the enemy, his willingness to take on a gamble, worked against him in the later stages of the war. Halsey received much criticism for his decisions during the battle, with naval historian Samuel Morison terming the Third Fleet run to the north "Halsey's Blunder."[33] However, the destruction of the Japanese carriers had been the prime goal of Pacific naval battles up to that point, and the failure to pursue the Japanese fleet carriers and destroy them had been a major criticism of Spruance in some circles, whose Fifth Fleet missed the opportunity at the Battle of the Philippine Sea.[N 2]
Halsey's Typhoon[edit]
Main article: Typhoon Cobra (1944)




USS Langley struggles in Typhoon Cobra.


After the Leyte Gulf engagement, December found the Third Fleet confronted with another powerful enemy in the form of Typhoon Cobra which was dubbed "Halsey's Typhoon" by many. While conducting operations off the Philippines, the fleet had to discontinue refueling due to a Pacific storm. Rather than move Third Fleet away, Halsey chose to remain on station for another day. In fairness, he received conflicting information from Pearl Harbor and his own staff. The Hawaiian weathermen predicted a northerly path for the storm, which would have cleared Task Force 38 by some two hundred miles. Eventually his own staff provided a prediction regarding the direction of the storm that was far closer to the mark with a westerly direction.[34] However, Halsey played the odds, declining to cancel planned operations and requiring the ships of Third Fleet to hold formation. On the evening of December 17 the combat air patrol over Third Fleet was unable to land their aircraft aboard the pitching and rolling carriers. The pilots were forced to ditch in the ocean. The aircraft were lost but all the pilots were picked up by escorting destroyers. By 10:00 am the next morning the barometer on the flagship was noted to be dropping precipitously. Still the fleet attempted to maintain stations. Finally, at 11:49 a.m., Halsey issued the order for the ships of the fleet to take the most comfortable course available to them, something which many ships had already been forced to do. Between 11:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m., the typhoon did its worst damage, tossing the ships in seventy-foot waves. The barometer continued to drop and the wind roared at eighty-three knots with gusts well over 100 knots. At 1:45 p.m. Halsey issued a typhoon warning to Fleet Weather Central. By this time the Third Fleet had already lost three destroyers. The storm inflicted damage on a great many ships in the fleet, with the loss of some 802 men and 146 aircraft. Third Fleet conducted search and rescue operations for three days following the storm, finally retiring for repairs at Ulithi on December 22.
Following the typhoon a Navy court of inquiry was convened on board the USS Cascade (AD-16) in the Naval base at Ulithi. Admiral Nimitz, CINCPAC, was in attendance at the court. Forty-three-year-old Captain Herbert K. Gates, of the Cascade, was the Judge Advocate.[35] The inquiry found that though Halsey had committed an error of judgement in sailing the Third Fleet into the heart of the typhoon, it stopped short of unambiguously recommending sanction.[36] The events surrounding Typhoon Cobra were similar to those the Japanese navy itself faced some nine years earlier in what they termed "The Fourth Fleet Incident."[37]
End of the war[edit]




Fleet Admiral Nimitz signing the documents of surrender on board USS Missouri. Behind him stand Gen. Douglas MacArthur, Adm. William Halsey and Rear Adm. Forrest Sherman.


During January 1945 the Third Fleet attacked Formosa and Luzon, and raided the South China Sea in support of the landing of US Army forces on Luzon. At the conclusion of this operation, Halsey passed command of the ships that made up Third Fleet to Admiral Spruance on 26 January, whereupon its designation changed to Fifth Fleet. Returning home Halsey was asked about General MacArthur. General MacArthur was not the easiest man to work with, and vied with the Navy over the conduct and management of the war in the Pacific.[38] Halsey had worked well with MacArthur and did not mind saying so. When a reporter asked Halsey if he thought General MacArthur's fleet (7th Fleet) would get to Tokyo first, the admiral grinned and answered "We're going there together." Then seriously he added "He's a very fine man. I have worked under him for over two years and have the greatest admiration and respect for him."[39]
Spruance held command of 5th Fleet until May, when command returned to Halsey. In early June 1945 3rd Fleet again sailed through the path of Typhoon Connie. On this occasion, six men were swept overboard and lost, along with 75 airplanes lost or destroyed, with another 70 badly damaged. Though some ships sustained significant damage, none were lost. A Navy court of inquiry was again convened, this time recommending that Halsey be reassigned, but Admiral Nimitz declined to abide by this recommendation, citing Halsey's prior service record.[36]
Halsey led Third Fleet through the final stages of the war, striking targets on the Japanese homeland itself. Third Fleet aircraft conducted attacks upon Tokyo, the naval base at Kure and the northern Japanese island of Hokkaidō, and Third Fleet battleships engaged in the bombardment of a number of Japanese coastal cities in preparation for an invasion of Japan, which ultimately never had to be undertaken.
After the cessation of hostilities, Halsey, still aggressively cautious of Japanese kamikaze attacks, ordered Third Fleet to maintain a protective air cover with the following communiqué:

Cessation of hostilities.
War is over.
If any Japanese airplanes appear, shoot them down in a friendly way.[40]

He was present when Japan formally surrendered on the deck of his flagship, USS Missouri, on September 2, 1945.
Postwar years[edit]




Halsey.


Immediately after the surrender of Japan, 54 ships of the Third Fleet returned to the United States, with Halsey's four-star flag flying from the USS South Dakota, for the annual Navy Day Celebrations in San Francisco on October 27, 1945. He hauled down his flag in November of that year and was assigned special duty in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. On December 11, 1945, he took the oath as Fleet Admiral, becoming the fourth and still the most recent naval officer awarded that rank. Fleet Admiral Halsey made a goodwill flying trip, passing by Central and South America, covering nearly 28,000 miles and 11 nations. He retired from active service in March 1947 but, as a Fleet Admiral, he was not taken off active duty status.
Halsey was asked about the weapons used to win the war and he answered:

If I had to give credit to the instruments and machines that won us the war in the Pacific, I would rate them in this order: submarines first, radar second, planes third, bulldozers fourth.[41]

Halsey joined the New Jersey Society of the Sons of the American Revolution in 1946. Upon retirement, he joined the board of two subsidiaries of the International Telephone and Telegraph Company, including the American Cable and Radio Corporation, and served until 1957. He maintained an office near the top of the ITT Building at 67 Broad Street, New York City in the late 1950s. He was involved in a number of efforts to preserve his former flagship USS Enterprise (CV-6) as a memorial in New York harbor. They proved fruitless, as it was not possible to secure sufficient funding to preserve the ship.
Death[edit]
Halsey died on August 16, 1959, while holidaying on Fishers Island, New York.[42] After lying in state in the Washington National Cathedral, he was interred on August 20, 1959, near his parents in Arlington National Cemetery. His wife, Frances Grandy Halsey, is buried with him.
Asked about his contribution in the Pacific and the role he played in defending the United States, Halsey said merely:

There are no great men, just great challenges which ordinary men, out of necessity, are forced by circumstances to meet.[43]

Personal life[edit]
While at the University of Virginia he met Frances Cooke Grandy (1887–1968) of Norfolk, Virginia, who Halsey called "Fan." After his return from the Great White Fleet's circumnavigation of the globe and upon his promotion to the rank of full lieutenant he was able to persuade her to marry him.[44] They married on December 1, 1909, at Christ Church in Norfolk. Among the ushers were Halsey's friends Thomas C. Hart and Husband E. Kimmel. Fan developed manic depression in the late 1930s and eventually had to live apart from Halsey.[45] The couple had two children, Margaret Bradford (October 10, 1910, to December 1979) and William Fredrick Halsey III (Sept 8, 1915, to Sept 23, 2003).[46][47]
Dates of rank[edit]

 United States Naval Academy Midshipman—Class of 1904



Ensign
Lieutenant, junior grade
Lieutenant
Lieutenant commander
Commander
Captain


O-1
O-2
O-3
O-4
O-5
O-6










February 2, 1906
February 2, 1909
February 2, 1909
August 29, 1916
February 1, 1918
February 10, 1927




Rear admiral (lower half)
Rear admiral
Vice admiral
Admiral
Fleet admiral


O-7
O-8
O-9
O-10
O-11









Never Held
March 1, 1938
June 13, 1940
November 18, 1942
December 11, 1945


Halsey never held the rank of lieutenant (junior grade), as he was appointed a full lieutenant after three years of service as an ensign. For administrative reasons, Halsey's naval record states he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) and lieutenant on the same day.[9]
At the time of Halsey's promotion to rear admiral, the United States Navy did not maintain a (commodore) one-star rank. Halsey was therefore promoted to the rank of rear admiral of the line (upper half; two-star) from captain.
Awards and decorations[edit]



Naval Aviator insignia



Navy Cross











Navy Distinguished Service Medal with three gold stars



Army Distinguished Service Medal









Presidential Unit Citation (United States) with service star



Mexican Service Medal









World War I Victory Medal with Destroyer clasp









American Defense Service Medal with Fleet clasp



American Campaign Medal












Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with twelve battle stars



World War II Victory Medal



National Defense Service Medal


Foreign awards[edit]



Brazil – Order of the Southern Cross (Grand Cross)



Chile – Al Merito, First Class, Insignia and Diploma



Chile – Grand Cross of Order of Merit of Chile



Colombia – Grand Cross of Boyaca



Cuba – Order of Naval Merit (Cuba)



Ecuador – Order of Abdon Calderón



Greece – Order of the Redeemer



Panama – Orden Vasco Núñez de Balboa, Grand Cross



Peru – Order of Ayacucho



United Kingdom – Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE)



Venezuela – Order of the Liberator



Guatemala made him a Supreme Chief in the Order of the Quetzal.[48][49][50][51]



Philippines - Philippine Presidential Unit Citation










Philippines - Philippine Liberation Medal with two stars


Honors[edit]

Halsey Field, NAS North Island in Coronado, California, dedicated October 20, 1960 celebrating 50 years of Naval Aviation (1911–1961).[52]
Halsey Society, student Naval ROTC organization at Texas A&M University[53]
Buildings
Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy & William F. Halsey House, Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey[54]
Halsey Field House, United States Naval Academy
Halsey Hall, University of Virginia
Halsey Terrace, U.S .Navy housing in Honolulu, Hawaii[55]
Halsey Hall, Jonathan Dayton High School
USS Halsey (BEQ-439), A Junior Enlisted Barracks for Students going through initial training in Naval Station Great Lakes, IL
Ships
USS Halsey (CG-23), a Leahy-class guided-missile cruiser
USS Halsey (DDG-97), an Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer
Streets





Halsey Street sign in Alexandria, Louisiana






Admiral Halsey Slope sign in Nouméa, New Caledonia.



Admiral Halsey Drive, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Halsey Street, Alexandria, Louisiana
Halsey Street, Auckland, New Zealand
William F. Halsey Avenue, Bakersfield, California
Halsey Road Dover, Delaware
Halsey Place, Baltimore, Maryland
Halsey Street, Chula Vista, California
Admiral Halsey Avenue, Daytona Beach, Florida[56]
Halsey Drive, Flower Mound, Texas
Halsey Avenue, Middletown, Rhode Island
Halsey Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
Halsey Street, Newark, New Jersey
Admiral Halsey Service Area, a north-bound rest area along the New Jersey Turnpike at mile marker 111 on Interstate 95, at the present New Jersey Route 81 interchange, in New Jersey[57]
Admiral Halsey Slope, Nouméa, New Caledonia
Halsey Court, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Admiral Halsey Road, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Halsey Court, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Princeton, New Jersey
Halsey Street, Colonel Bud Day Field, Sioux City, Iowa
Halsey Avenue, Yuba City, California
Halsey Road, Toms River, New Jersey
Halsey Street, San Leandro, California
S Halsey Dr, Whidbey Island
Halsey Dr, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Halsey Drive, Riverside, Ohio
Halsey Rd, Jacksonville, FL
Halsey Street, East Hartford, Connecticut

In popular culture[edit]

Halsey was portrayed by James Cagney in the 1959 bio-pic, The Gallant Hours; by James Whitmore in the 1970 film, Tora! Tora! Tora!; and by Robert Mitchum in the 1976 film, Midway.
Halsey makes a brief appearance in Herman Wouk's novel The Winds of War, and has a more substantial supporting role in the sequel War and Remembrance. Wouk was extremely critical of Halsey's handling of the battle at Leyte Gulf, but also said he was too great a builder of naval morale to be retired in disgrace. (Chapter 92) Halsey was portrayed in the 1983 television miniseries adaptation of The Winds of War by Richard X. Slattery, and in the 1988 miniseries adaptation of War and Remembrance by Pat Hingle.
Halsey has been portrayed in a number of other films and TV miniseries, played by Glenn Morshower (Pearl Harbor, 2001), Kenneth Tobey (MacArthur, 1977), Jack Diamond (Battle Stations, 1956), John Maxwell, (The Eternal Sea, 1955) and Morris Ankrum (Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo, 1944).
An "Admiral Halsey" is mentioned in the Paul and Linda McCartney song "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey". The chorus of "hands across the water, heads across the sky" was a reference to the American aid programs of World War II. McCartney later specified that the second half of the song was indeed in honor of William Halsey.[58]
On March 4, 1951, Halsey appeared as a mystery guest on episode No. 40 of the game show, What's My Line, where the panel correctly deduced his identity.[59]
In the television series, McHale's Navy, one of Captain Binghampton's catchphrases whenever he would get frustrated with one of McHale's schemes was, "What in the name of Halsey is going on here?"
Admiral Halsey is mentioned in the film The Hunt for Red October. Soviet submarine commander Marko Ramius, while engaged in battle with the Soviet attack submarine Konovalov, asks Jack Ryan what book he wrote for the CIA. Ryan replies that it was about Admiral Halsey, entitled The Fighting Sailor (not to be confused with a real book of the same title). Ramius reveals his awareness of the book and expresses disdain for Ryan's assessment of Halsey, saying, "Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan; Halsey acted stupidly."
The fictional aircraft carrier USS William Halsey in Darren Sapp's novel, Fire on the Flight Deck, is named for Halsey.

See also[edit]


Biography portal



List of Fleet and Grand Admirals
List of United States military leaders by rank
List of military figures by nickname

References[edit]
Notes


^ The "Big Blue Fleet" was the name given to the main fleet of the US Navy in the Pacific. The term stems from pre-war planning, called the color plans because each nation included was given a color code name. In these potential plans the British navy was red, the German navy black, and so forth. The Imperial Japanese Navy was termed the "Orange Fleet". The U.S. fleet was the "Blue Fleet". The "Big Blue Fleet" was the massive fleet that the U.S. Navy anticipated they would win the war with. It was thought this fleet would largely come into being by late 1943, early 1944.[4]
^ This view, however, was not held by Chester Nimitz, who told Spruance he had done exactly the right thing.


Citations


^ U.S. officers holding five-star rank never retire; they draw full active duty pay for life.Spencer C. Tucker (2011). The Encyclopedia of the Vietnam War: A Political, Social, and Military History. ABC-CLIO. pp. 1685. ISBN 978-1-85109-961-0. 
^ "Halsey", ArlingtonCemetery.net.
^ a b Morison The Struggle for Guadalcanal p.183
^ a b c Potter p. 112
^ Berger, Meyer. "HOME TOWN ROARS SALUTE TO HALSEY; THE COMMANDER OF THE THIRD FLEET RETURNS TO HIS HOMETOWN IN NEW JERSEY New Pingry Boys Cheer White Horse Atop Cake", The New York Times, November 8, 1945. Retrieved February 11, 2011.
^ Johnson, Bill (1965-02-15). "Seven Society's Secret Still Secret". Washington Post. pp. C8. 
^ Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull Halsey". Palgrave Macmillan. p. 9. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ Borneman. Page 47.
^ a b c d e f Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey: The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 
^ "Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center. 
^ Borneman. Page 157.
^ Morison The Rising Sun in the Pacific, page 190
^ Wildenberg, Thomas. Midway: Sheer Luck or Better Doctrine? Naval College War Review, Winter 2005, Vol. 58, No. 1. Wildenberg quotes Browning's thesis: "Every carrier we have knows what it means to be 'bopped' with all planes on deck, because her hands were tied by uncertainty as to her next move..."
^ a b "Books: The General and the Admiral". Time. November 10, 1947. 
^ Millis, page 357
^ J. Bryan (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. Whittlesey House. pp. 75–76. ISBN 978-1-4325-6693-7. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey
^ Potter Nimitz page 85
^ Potter Nimitz page 84
^ Potter Nimitz page 86
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 150
^ Morison, p. 199–207; Frank, p. 368–378; Dull, p. 235–237.
^ Richard Frank (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. Penguin Books. ISBN 978-0-14-016561-6. 
^ Seal, Jon and Michael Ahn. "An Interview with Joseph Jacob 'Joe' Foss." at the Wayback Machine (archived February 9, 2006) Microsoft Games Studios, March 2000. Retrieved: August 3, 2011.
^ Taylor p. 145
^ Potter Bull Halsey p. 221
^ Potter, Admiral Arleigh Burke pp 98-99
^ Parshall and Tully, Shattered Sword pp. 416–430
^ Cutler The Battle of Leyte Gulf p. 209
^ Tuohy, William (2007). America's Fighting Admirals:Winning the War at Sea in World War II. Zenith Press. p. 323. ISBN 978-0-7603-2985-6. 
^ Hone, Thomas (Winter 2013). "Replacing Battleships with Aircraft Carriers in the Pacific in World War II". Naval War College Review. p. 71. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ a b c d Willmott, H. P. "Six, The Great Day of Wrath". The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Indiana University Press. pp. 192–197. ISBN 9780253345288. 
^ Potter Bull Halsey pp. 376-380
^ Barrett Tillman (July 2007). "William Bull Halsey: Legendary World War II Admiral". World War II. 
^ Drury
^ a b Melton, Sea Cobra
^ Evans, David; Peattie, Mark (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy 1887–1941. Naval Institute Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-0-87021-192-8. 
^ Willmott p. 178-181
^ Utica Daily Press 2/20/45
^ Kemp Tolley (1983). Caviar and Commissars: the Experience of a US Naval Officer in Stalin's Russia. Naval Institute Press. p. 245. ISBN 978-1-55750-407-4. 
^ Halsey, William (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. p. 69. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2. 
^ (Following Advance for Use Sunday, Aug. 16) | KXNet.com North Dakota News
^ Brady, James (2000). Flags of Our Fathers. Bantom Books. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-553-11133-0. 
^ Borneman. Pages 73-74.
^ Borneman. Page 344.
^ Borneman. Pages 74,90.
^ "SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Obituaries -- William F. Halsey III, 88; Navy man had adventurous nature". 
^ "Bull" Halsey bio
^ Bull Halsey biography, Naval History & Heritage
^ "Army Times Hall of Valor". 
^ "HALSEY, William Frederick "Bull", Fleet Admiral [1882-1959] -- American naval officer". 
^ Sudsbury, Elretta Sudsbury (1967). Jackrabbits to Jets: The History of North Island, San Diego, California. Neyenesch Printers, Inc. 
^ "Halsey Society". 
^ Admiral William F. Halsey Jr. Leadership Academy
^ "Halsey Terrace". 
^ Alynia Rule. "Special Projects -- The Florida Quest (Places, Names and Road Trip Games) - NIE WORLD". 
^ Admiral Halsey Service Area
^ McGee, Garry (2003). Band on the Run: A History of Paul McCartney and Wings. New York: Taylor Trade Publishing. p. 196. ISBN 0-87833-304-5. 
^ TV.com Episode No. 40 Summary


Bibliography


Borneman, Walter R. (2012). The Admirals: Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy and King - The Five-Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea (Hardback)|format= requires |url= (help). New York: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. 
Buell, Thomas B. (1974). The Quiet Warrior, A Biography of Raymond A. Spruance. Little, Brown. ISBN 0870215620. 
Cutler, Thomas (1994). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: 23–26 October 1944. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-55750-243-9. 
Drury, Robert and Tom Clavin (December 28, 2006). "How Lieutenant Ford Saved His Ship". New York Times. 
Drury, Bob (2007). Halsey's Typhoon – The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-1-59887-086-2. 
Dull, Paul S. (1978). A Battle History of the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1941–1945. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-097-6. 
Frank, Richard (1990). Guadalcanal: The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-58875-9. 
Hughes, Thomas, "Learning to Fight: Bill Halsey and the Early American Destroyer Force," Journal of Military History, 77 (Jan. 2013), 71–90.
Melton Jr., Buckner F. (2007). Sea Cobra, Admiral Halsey's Task Force and the Great Pacific Typhoon. Lyons Press. ISBN 1592289789. 
Morison, Samuel E. (1948). The Rising Sun in the Pacific 1931 – April 1942. Boston: Little, Brown and Company.  (History of United States Naval Operations in World War II)
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1958). The Struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942 – February 1943, vol. 5 of History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-58305-3. 
Mossman, B.C. and M.W. Stark (1991). "Chapter XVIII: Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., Special Military Funeral, 16 – August 20, 1959". The Last Salute: Civil and Military Funeral, 1921–1969. Washington, D.C.: Department of the Army. CMH Pub 90-1. 
Parshall, Jonathan; Tully, Anthony (2005). Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of the Battle of Midway. Dulles, Virginia: Potomac Books. ISBN 1-57488-923-0. 
Potter, E. B. (2005). Admiral Arliegh Burke. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-692-6. 
Potter, E. B. (1985). Bull Halsey. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-691-9. 
Potter, E. B. (1976). Nimitz. U.S. Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-492-9. 
Taylor, Theodore. The Magnificent Mitscher. New York: Norton, 1954; reprinted Annapolis, Md.: Naval Institute Press, 1991. ISBN 1-55750-800-3.
Willmott, H.P. (1984) June, 1944 Blandford Press ISBN 0-7137-1446-8
Wukovits, John (2010). Admiral "Bull" Halsey - The Life and Wars of the Navy's Most Controversial Commander. New York, New York: Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0-230-60284-7. 


Primary sources


Halsey, William J.; Joseph Bryan III (1947). Admiral Halsey's Story. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-1-4367-1143-2.  (The book is online)


Further reading[edit]

Dillard, Nancy R. (May 20, 1997). "Operational Leadership: A Case Study of Two Extremes during Operation Watchtower" (Academic report). Joint Military Operations Department, Naval War College. Retrieved August 4, 2009. 
Thomas, Evan (2006). Sea of Thunder: Four Commanders and the Last Great Naval Campaign. Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-7432-5221-8. 
Robert Drury, Tom Clavin (2006). Halsey's Typhoon: The True Story of a Fighting Admiral, an Epic Storm, and an Untold Rescue. Atlantic Monthly Press. ISBN 978-0-87113-948-1. 
Thomas Alexander Hughes (2016). Admiral Bill Halsey: A Naval Life. Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674049632. 

External links[edit]

Find more aboutWilliam Frederick Halsey Jr.at Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Fleet Admiral William F. Halsey Jr., USN, (1882–1959)". Online Library of Selected Images: People—United States. Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. 
"Fleet Admiral William Frederick Halsey Jr.". Naval Historical Center, Department of the Navy. June 2, 1996. 
"William Frederick Halsey Jr., Fleet Admiral, United States Navy". ArlingtonCemetery.net. 



Preceded by
Jimmy Doolittle
November 23, 1942
Cover of Time Magazine
William Halsey
November 30, 1942
Succeeded by
Ernest King
December 7, 1942








v
t
e


Navy Midshipmen athletic directors






Harris Laning (1910–1912)
Arthur P. Fairfield (1912–1915)
Charles Earle Smith (1915–1917)
William Halsey Jr. (1917–1918)
Douglas Legate Howard (1918–1923)
Byron McCandless (1923–1926)
Jonas H. Ingram (1926–1930)
Henry D. Cook Jr (1930–1931)
John W. Wilcox Jr. (1931–1934)
Robert C. Giffen (1934–1937)
Ernest W. McKee (1937–1940)
Thomas S. King II (1940–1942)
Harvey Overesch (1942)
John Whelchel (1943–1944)
Harles O. Humphreys (1944–1946)
Edmund B. Taylor (1946–1948)
Tom Hamilton (1948–1949)
Henry H. Caldwell (1949–1951)
Ian C. Eddy (1951–1954)
Elliott Loughlin (1954–1957)
Slade Cutter (1957–1959)
Asbury Coward (1959–1962)
William S. Busik (1962–1965)
Alan R. Cameron (1965–1968)
J. O. Coppedge (1968–1988)
Jack Lengyel (1988–2001)
Chet Gladchuk Jr. (2001– )









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 65202648
LCCN: n50018482
ISNI: 0000 0000 8251 2229
GND: 133670651
SUDOC: 177855622
BNF: cb11148453x (data)
NDL: 00620781










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Halsey_Jr.&oldid=791058853"					
Categories: 1882 births1959 deathsAmerican 5 star officersAmerican military personnel of World War IIBattle of MidwayBurials at Arlington National CemeteryUnited States Naval AviatorsNaval War College alumniNavy Midshipmen athletic directorsRecipients of the Navy Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Recipients of the Order of Abdon CalderónHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British EmpireRecipients of the Order of BoyacaRecipients of the Order of the LiberatorPeople from Elizabeth, New JerseyUnited States Naval Academy alumniUnited States Navy admiralsUnited States Navy World War II admiralsPingry School alumniRecipients of the Navy Distinguished Service MedalHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from February 2012Wikipedia articles needing clarification from December 2014Pages using citations with format and no URLWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어ItalianoעבריתमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 July 2017, at 21:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








William A. Housey Jr., CFA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:13 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of First Trust Global Funds Public Limited Company - First Trust Tactical High Yield UCITS Fund



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William A. Housey Jr., CFASenior Portfolio Manager, First Trust Global Funds Public Limited Company - First Trust Tactical High Yield UCITS FundAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 15 different industries.----
Background

		Mr. William A. Housey, Jr., CFA serves as Senior Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager of First Trust Advisors L.P. Mr. Housey serves as Senior Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager of First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund. Mr. Housey has been Senior Portfolio Manager at First Trust Global Funds Public Limited Company - First Trust Tactical High Yield UCITS Fund and First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II since June 2010. He serves ... as Portfolio Manager at First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV - First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF, First Trust Exchange Traded Fund IV - First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF, First Trust Variable Insurance Trust - First Trust Multi Income Allocation Portfolio, First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV - First Trust Strategic Income ETF, First Trust AlphaDEX Canadian Dividend ETF, First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV - First Trust Senior Loan Fund and First Trust Series Fund - First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund. He served as Portfolio Manager of First Trust Short Duration High Yield Bond ETF. Mr. Housey is a part of the leveraged finance team at the firm. He previously served as an Executive Director and Portfolio Manager at Van Kampen Funds, Inc. Earlier, Mr. Housey served as a Portfolio Manager of Structured Products and Senior Analyst in the Senior Loan Group at the firm. He has extensive experience in portfolio management of both leveraged and unleveraged credit products, including senior loans, high-yield bonds, credit derivatives and corporate restructurings. Mr. Houusey also has extensive retail and institutional fund raising experience. He serves on the Village of Glen Ellyn, IL Police Pension Board. Mr. Housey is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Chicago. He holds the FINRA Series 7, Series 52 and Series 63 licenses. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Mr. Housey received an M.B.A. in Finance, Management and Strategy from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Business and a B.S. in Finance from Eastern Illinois University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
120 East Liberty DriveWheaton, Illinois 60187United StatesPhone: 630-765-8000Fax: 630-765-8610
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS Eastern Illinois UniversityMBA J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Eastern Illinois UniversityFirst Trust Advisors L.P.J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityFirst Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund IIFirst Trust Short Duration High Yield Bond ETF (CAD-Hedged)First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV - First Trust Senior Loan FundFirst Trust Series Fund - First Trust Short Duration High Income FundFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV - First Trust Tactical High Yield ETFFirst Trust AlphaDEX Canadian Dividend ETFFirst Trust AlphaDEX Emerging Market Dividend ETF (CAD-Hedged)First Trust AlphaDEX U.S. Dividend ETF (CAD-Hedged)First Trust Senior Loan ETF (CAD-Hedged)First Trust Short Duration High Yield Bond ETFFirst Trust Exchange Traded Fund IV - First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETFFirst Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV - First Trust Strategic Income ETFFirst Trust Variable Insurance Trust - First Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Tactical Bond Index ETFFirst Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact First Trust Global Funds Public Limited Company - First Trust Tactical High Yield UCITS Fund, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Dr. William Houser Jr, MD - Youngstown, OH - Allergy & Immunology & Pediatric Allergy & Immunology | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. William Houser Jr, MD(12)Login MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. William Houser Jr, MDSaveAllergy & Immunology  | Male(12) Leave a ReviewWILLIAM L HOUSER JR, MD 250 Debartolo Pl Ste 1510 Youngstown,  OH 44512 Get Directions (330) 758-2285View Insurance Accepted  Suggest an editDr. William Houser Jr, MD is an allergy & immunology doctor who practices in Youngstown, OH.  He is 57 years old and has been practicing for 33 years.  Dr. Houser Jr is affiliated with Salem Regional Medical Center.ADVERTISEMENT






 




Learn about this doctorDr. Houser Jr's Experience0ExperienceMatchExperience MatchSee how Dr. Houser Jr's experience matches your preferences.3SpecialtiesFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.1Board CertificationsBoard certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which they practice.29Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.6Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.EducationLearn more about where this provider went to medical school, residency, and more.Awards & RecognitionView information about special awards and recognition for this provider.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient Satisfaction12responsesLikelihood of recommending Dr. Houser Jr to family and friends is 3 out of 5Have you seen Dr. Houser Jr?Leave a ReviewSee all 160 Allergy & Immunology Specialists in Youngstown, OH 44512Dr. Asif Khan, MDInternal Medicine(10)Dr. Richard Lavi, MDAllergy & Immunology(21)Dr. John Panuto, MDAllergy & Immunology(45)Dr. Riffat Qadir, MDEar, Nose, and Throat(28)Dr. Roop Kollipara, MDAllergy & Immunology(3)Dr. Rachel Szekely, MDAllergy & Immunology(12)View MoreVisiting Dr. Houser JrDr. Houser Jr accepts 22 insurance carriersView all insurance carriers Dr. Houser Jr is now accepting new patients WILLIAM L HOUSER JR, MD250 Debartolo Pl Ste 1510Youngstown, OH 44512(330) 758-2285Get DirectionsAffiliated HospitalsHospital QualityCheck out the quality of care at the 1 hospitals where Dr. Houser Jr has admitting privileges.Salem Regional Medical Center1995 E State StSalem, OH 44460Hospital Awards0Overall Patient ExperienceView Hospital ProfileDr. Houser Jr's ReviewsLikelihood of recommending Dr. Houser Jr to family and friends3.0 based on 12 total reviewsLeave a reviewDr. Houser Jr's PerformanceTrustworthinessVERY GOODExplains condition(s) wellVERY GOODAnswers QuestionsVERY GOODTime well spentVERY GOODOffice & Staff PerformanceSchedulingVERY GOODOffice environmentVERY GOODStaff friendlinessVERY GOODAverage wait time 10 to 15 minutesHave you seen Dr. William Houser Jr, MD?Leave a Review.Are you Dr. Houser Jr?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Get started today!Compare Dr. Houser JrCompare this DoctorView other doctors with similar experience to find the right doctor for you.Dr. Asif Khan, MDInternal Medicine755 Boardman Canfield Rd Ste A3Boardman, OH 44512Patient Satisfaction(10)Distance1.8  miles awayDr. Richard Lavi, MDAllergy & Immunology4016 Massillon RdUniontown, OH 44685Patient Satisfaction(21)Distance42.5  miles awayDr. John Panuto, MDAllergy & Immunology970 E Washington St Ste 5DMedina, OH 44256Patient Satisfaction(45)Distance62.3  miles awayDr. Riffat Qadir, MDEar, Nose, and Throat3838 Massillon Rd Ste 380AUniontown, OH 44685Patient Satisfaction(28)Distance42.5  miles awayDr. Roop Kollipara, MDAllergy & Immunology1280 Boardman Canfield RdYoungstown, OH 44512Patient Satisfaction(3)Distance2.7  miles awayDr. Rachel Szekely, MDAllergy & Immunology8224 Mentor Ave Ste 132Mentor, OH 44060Patient Satisfaction(12)Distance57.5  miles awayDr. Kent Knauer, MDAllergy & Immunology3909 Orange Pl Ste 2500Beachwood, OH 44122Patient Satisfaction(29)Distance52.9  miles awayDr. Narciso Domingo, MDPediatrics3821 Starrs Centre Dr Ste BCanfield, OH 44406Patient Satisfaction(1)Distance3.3  miles awayDr. Theodore Sher, MDAllergy & Immunology5915 Landerbrook Dr Ste 110Cleveland, OH 44124Patient Satisfaction(12)Distance54.2  miles awayDr. Sandra Hong, MDAllergy & Immunology16761 Southpark CtrStrongsville, OH 44136Patient Satisfaction(3)Distance63.9  miles awayView all 10 matchesSee all allergists & immunologists in Youngstown, OH×Dr. Houser Jr's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 months Specializes in Allergy & Immunology Board certified in Allergy & Immunology Malpractice claims in Ohio not available No sanctions found No board actions found×Awards & RecognitionAwards & HonorsHealthgrades Honor RollWhat is a recognized doctor Healthgrades Recognized Doctor designation identifies leading doctors who:Are board certified.Have not had their license surrendered or revoked since Healthgrades started collecting data in 2000.Have no malpractice judgments, adverse arbitration awards, or monetary settlements for the last five years in the states in which Healthgrades can collect malpractice data.Are free of state or federal disciplinary actions (sanctions) for the last five years.Healthgrades updates the Recognized Doctor list quarterly based on board certification data. Healthgrades also receives sanction and malpractice data throughout the year, depending on how frequently the state medical boards release updates. We remove a newly sanctioned doctor from the Recognized Doctor list as soon as we receive the information. However, it is important to note that malpractice information is publically available in only 14 states.Media & PublicationsDr. Houser Jr has no media or publications listed.Background Check n/a Malpractice Claims not availableHealthgrades does not collect malpractice information for Ohio.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0Board ActionsNo board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Board CertificationsWhy It Matters: Dr. Houser Jr's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the... More Why It Matters: Dr. Houser Jr's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the United States.Board certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which he or she practices. A board-certified doctor is more likely than a non-board-certified doctor to have the most current skills and knowledge about how to treat your medical condition.Dr. Houser Jr is Board Certified in:Allergy & ImmunologyAccrediting Board: American Board of Allergy & Immunology ** This information is proprietary data maintained in a copyrighted database compilation owned by the American Board of Medical Specialties. Copyright 2017 American Board of Medical Specialties. All rights reserved.Less Allergy & ImmunologyConditions TreatedAllergic ReactionAllergic RhinitisAllergic Rhinitis Due to FoodAnaphylactic Food AllergiesAnaphylactic Tree Nut AllergyAnaphylaxisAngioedemaAsthmaAtopic Dermatitis (Eczema)COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease)Chronic SinusitisCommon Variable Immune Deficiency (CVID)DermatitisDermatitis Due to FoodDermatitis Due to Substances Taken InternallyEosinophilic EsophagitisEye InfectionsHivesHypogammaglobulinemiaIgA DeficiencyImmunodeficiency SyndromesItchy SkinNasopharyngitisPinkeye (Conjunctivitis)Pollen AllergyPulmonary DiseaseSinusitisSkin InfectionsToxic Effect of VenomEducationMedical SchoolNortheastern Oh Univs Coll Of MedGraduated in 1984Residency HospitalChldns Hospital Med Center AkronCompleted in 1987Fellowship HospitalDetroit Med Center Chldns Hospital Of MichCompleted in 1995Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Houser Jr does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Houser Jr and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesAllergy & ImmunologyPediatric AllergyPediatric Allergy & ImmunologyProcedures PerformedAllergy ShotsAllergy Shots for Insect StingsAllergy Skin TestingAllergy TestingAllergy TreatmentPatch Testing
























Will Housey United States | Intelius



















 










50% off
75% off
80% off
      Special Offer
   

Hey, wait!


            Get the information you need with a Background Check for just $49.95 $24.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a People Search for just $3.95 $0.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a Phone Report for just $4.95 $0.95!
         



            Get the information you need with a Background Check for just $49.95 $24.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a People Search for just $3.95 $0.95!
         

            Get the information you need with a Phone Report for just $4.95 $0.95!
         




            Yes! I want this offer 


No, I'll pass on this offer 

×











Menu
Intelius Premier
Identity Protect
Help
Sign In









Browser Issue Detected
Cookies must be enabled in order for you to use services. However, it seems that cookies are disabled in your browser.
                  To use services, enable cookies by changing your browser options, then try again.

Show me how to enable cookies

After you enable cookies, please click here.



Search results for Will  Housey in          the United States
   


      We found 5 people that match
                       your search.
         

Filter






Narrow your results by:


Middle Initial:

All M.I.
No M.I.
A
T



Age:

All Ages
No Age
41-50
61-70



Previous City:

All Cities
Austin, TX
Bastrop, TX
Bridgeport, CT
Charleston, IL
Chicago, IL
Glen Ellyn, IL
Hallettsville, TX
Hickory Hills, IL
New Orleans, LA
Norwalk, CT
Palos Hills, IL
Pleasanton, TX
Stamford, CT
Streamwood, IL
Taylor, TX
Villa Park, IL
West Chicago, IL
Wheaton, IL
Wingate, NC



Filter








Narrow your results


All M.I.
No M.I.
A
T




All Ages
No Age
41-50
61-70




All Cities
Austin, TX
Bastrop, TX
Bridgeport, CT
Charleston, IL
Chicago, IL
Glen Ellyn, IL
Hallettsville, TX
Hickory Hills, IL
New Orleans, LA
Norwalk, CT
Palos Hills, IL
Pleasanton, TX
Stamford, CT
Streamwood, IL
Taylor, TX
Villa Park, IL
West Chicago, IL
Wheaton, IL
Wingate, NC



Filter



 ×









Narrow your results by:


Middle Initial:

All M.I.
No M.I.
A
T



Age:

All Ages
No Age
41-50
61-70



Previous City:

All Cities
Austin, TX
Bastrop, TX
Bridgeport, CT
Charleston, IL
Chicago, IL
Glen Ellyn, IL
Hallettsville, TX
Hickory Hills, IL
New Orleans, LA
Norwalk, CT
Palos Hills, IL
Pleasanton, TX
Stamford, CT
Streamwood, IL
Taylor, TX
Villa Park, IL
West Chicago, IL
Wheaton, IL
Wingate, NC



Filter








Narrow your results


All M.I.
No M.I.
A
T




All Ages
No Age
41-50
61-70




All Cities
Austin, TX
Bastrop, TX
Bridgeport, CT
Charleston, IL
Chicago, IL
Glen Ellyn, IL
Hallettsville, TX
Hickory Hills, IL
New Orleans, LA
Norwalk, CT
Palos Hills, IL
Pleasanton, TX
Stamford, CT
Streamwood, IL
Taylor, TX
Villa Park, IL
West Chicago, IL
Wheaton, IL
Wingate, NC



Filter



 



We found 5 people that match
                             your search.
                        









1.


William Anthony Housey
                                                   , age 66


Get more details





Has lived in
Has worked at
Has studied at
Related to
DOB
Phone
Address



Palos Hills, IL
Glen Ellyn, IL
Hickory Hills, IL
West Chicago, IL
View All


First Trust Dividend & Income Fund
Build
First Trust Portfolios
Build Chicago


Eastern Illinois University
Northwestern University - Kellogg School Of Management


Rosemary Housey
Shelley Housey
















2.


William Thomas Housey
                                                   , age 43


Get more details





Has lived in
Has worked at
Has studied at
Related to
DOB
Phone
Address



Bastrop, TX
Austin, TX
Wingate, NC
Taylor, TX
Hallettsville, TX


At & T


Concordia University
Hallsville High School


Shirley Housey
Andrew Housey
Jr Housey
















3.


William Thomas Housey
                                                   , age 70


Get more details





Has lived in
Has worked at
Has studied at
Related to
DOB
Phone
Address



Bastrop, TX
Wingate, NC
Austin, TX
Taylor, TX
Hallettsville, TX
Pleasanton, TX






Shirley Housey
Andrew Housey
Jr Housey
















4.


Thomas  Housey
                                                   , age 68


Get more details





Has lived in
Has worked at
Has studied at
Related to
DOB
Phone
Address



Bridgeport, CT
Stamford, CT
Norwalk, CT






Karan Housey
Sa'ran Housey
Sharon Housey
Angela Housey
View All
















5.


William T Housey



Get more details





Has lived in
Has worked at
Has studied at
Related to
DOB
Phone
Address



New Orleans, LA






Julie Housey
Bruce Housey
Shirley Housey























1.



William Anthony Housey
age 66
                        
Address History

                                                         Palos Hills, IL;                                                          Glen Ellyn, IL;                                                          Hickory Hills, IL;                                                          West Chicago, IL;                                                          Villa Park, IL                                                                                    
                              ;
                                                            Wheaton, IL;                                                             Charleston, IL;                                                             Streamwood, IL;                                                             Chicago, IL                                                            
View All

Relatives

                                                         Rosemary Housey,                                                          Shelley Housey                                                                                 
Worked at

                                                                                    First Trust Dividend & Income Fund;                                                          Build;                                                          First Trust Portfolios;                                                          Build Chicago                                                                                 
Studied at

                                                                                    Eastern Illinois University,                                                          Northwestern University - Kellogg School Of Management                                                                                 
DOB
Available
Phone
Available


Get Report




2.



William Thomas Housey
age 43
                        
Address History

                                                         Bastrop, TX;                                                          Austin, TX;                                                          Wingate, NC;                                                          Taylor, TX;                                                          Hallettsville, TX                                                                                 
Relatives

                                                         Shirley Housey,                                                          Andrew Housey,                                                          Jr Housey                                                                                 
Worked at

                                                                                    At & T                                                                                 
Studied at

                                                                                    Concordia University,                                                          Hallsville High School                                                                                 
DOB
Available
Phone
Available


Get Report




3.



William Thomas Housey
age 70
                        
Address History

                                                         Bastrop, TX;                                                          Wingate, NC;                                                          Austin, TX;                                                          Taylor, TX;                                                          Hallettsville, TX                                                                                    
                              ;
                                                            Pleasanton, TX                                                            
View All

Relatives

                                                         Shirley Housey,                                                          Andrew Housey,                                                          Jr Housey                                                                                 
DOB
Available
Phone
Available


Get Report




4.



Thomas  Housey
age 68
                        
Address History

                                                         Bridgeport, CT;                                                          Stamford, CT;                                                          Norwalk, CT                                                                                 
Relatives

                                                         Karan Housey,                                                          Sa'ran Housey,                                                          Sharon Housey,                                                          Angela Housey,                                                          Mary Housey                                                                                 
DOB
Available
Phone
Available


Get Report




5.



William T Housey

Address History

                                                         New Orleans, LA                                                                                 
Relatives

                                                         Julie Housey,                                                          Bruce Housey,                                                          Shirley Housey                                                                                 
Phone
Available


Get Report









Not the right person? Search again:
Not the right person? Search again:



First Name



M.I.



Last Name required



City and/or State



Search














   Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.







What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
            prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


×


 

 













William JR Key Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 



HOUSEY WILLIAM A JR Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HOUSEY WILLIAM A JR
                    

•   WHEATON, IL
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Housey William A JR is based out of Wheaton.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HOUSEY WILLIAM A JR, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




housey william a jr


FIRST TRUST ADVISORS L.P.

WHEATON
IL
                                                        
                                                    60187









Recent SEC Filings




3 filed on 12/21/2016
4 filed on 01/07/2016
3 filed on 04/29/2014
4 filed on 06/16/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















William Cossey Jr.: Happy in the Middle of the Action - Inbound Logistics






















Free SubscriptionNewsPodcastNewslettersDigital EditionsWhitepapers 

 RSS




Follow @ILMagazine









 



 




 







ARTICLESThis MonthArticles by SubjectFeaturesCase StudiesHow-ToCommentaryOnline ExclusivesTrendsGlobalSponsored ArticlesDigital Issues & EditionsLOGISTICS PLANNER2017 Logistics Planner PDFView Profiles by CategoryView Profiles by CompanyLogistics Planner RFPSEND RFP/RFI3PL RFPAir Cargo/Air Forwarder RFPChemical Logistics RFPEconomic Development RFPEducation RFIFood Logistics/Temp Controlled RFPForklift/Pallets/Materials Handling RFPFreight Payment/Audit Services RFPGlobal Logistics RFPGreen RFPLatin America RFPLogistics IT RFPLogistics Planner RFPMaterials Handling RFPOcean/Intermodal/Rail RFPRetail RFPSite Selection RFPTMS RFPTrucking RFPWMS RFPWarehousing RFPFIND SOLUTIONSFind a 3PL/WarehouseFind a Trucking CompanyFind a Technology CompanyFind an Air ForwarderFind a Logistics Education ProgramCOMPANY PROFILESWEB_CITE CITY®Search Our Web DirectoryAdd Your CompanyMODES & SERVICES3PLAir CargoChemical LogisticsForklifts, Pallets, & Materials HandlingLogistics & Supply Chain EducationGreen Supply Chain Partners SurveyLogistics ITOcean/Intermodal/RailSite Selection & Economic DevelopmentTruckingWarehousingSTAY CONNECTEDSubscribeConnect 












March 2010 | Case Studies | Reader Profile 
William Cossey Jr.: Happy in the Middle of the Action














March 15, 2010 | Merrill DouglasTags: Education & Careers, Military LogisticsNAME: William Cossey Jr.
TITLE: Executive director of supply chain integration, since 2009
COMPANY: Cox Communications
PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE: Transportation and logistics sergeant, U.S. Army National Guard; staff accountant, PricewatershouseCoopers; assistant senior auditor, senior auditor, Cox Enterprises; business manager, Gulf Coast Market, Cox Communications; director of business operations, Middle Georgia Market, Cox Communications; state director of finance, Georgia Key Market, Charter Communications; director of supply chain ERP and logistics, Cox Communications
EDUCATION: Alabama State University, BS in accounting, 1995
 
As a transportation and logistics sergeant during the first Gulf War, William Cossey Jr. was responsible for bringing tracked military vehicles to the front. In civilian life, however, Cossey was studying accounting. When he left the Army National Guard in 1994, he assumed that was the end of his association with logistics.
Then in 2001, Cossey was named director of business operations for Cox Communications' Middle Georgia Market, and supply chain fell under his area of responsibility.
He liked that aspect of his work so much that, several promotions later, he embraced the chance to become director of supply chain enterprise resource planning (ERP) and logistics for Cox, the nation's third-largest cable services provider. In December 2009, Atlanta-based Cox named Cossey executive director, supply chain integration. 




What makes supply chain management so appealing? "I never wanted to be strictly a bean counter," Cossey says. Throughout his finance career, he'd always felt drawn to operations. "Supply chain puts you in the middle of the action."
Reporting to the vice president of supply chain, Cossey is responsible for all the processes and systems involved in managing Cox's inventory at the corporate level. He's also in charge of forecasting and planning, and distribution and fulfillment.
Inventory at Cox comes in two varieties. The first is customer premises equipment—the set-top boxes, modems, and other equipment used in Cox's TV, data, voice, and wireless services. The second type of inventory is equipment for Cox's network infrastructure.
Until recently, each of Cox's markets managed its supply chain independently. In 2006, however, Cossey launched an initiative to centralize that function. The effort began with set-top boxes and two suppliers, and has grown to encompass more products and the largest 100 of Cox's 30,000 suppliers.
Cox centralized its supply chain management to better balance supply and demand company-wide. That's not easy in a firm that not only delivers product to new customers, but also must maintain leased consumer products and network hardware. "End-of-life management is a challenge," Cossey says.
But simply delivering new product can become tricky, especially when hordes of customers sign on at once. That's what happened in December 2008, just as the corporate supply chain organization was hitting the ground. With inventory short, Cossey and his team pulled strings with vendors to obtain more set-top boxes in a hurry. They made sure that the product flowed first to markets where the need was greatest.
In the past, managers in each market would have called the suppliers individually, competing for the same limited pool of boxes. The new process was much more effective.
"The fact that we had that model, even though it was in its infancy, made it a very palatable challenge," Cossey says.
With that new model now firmly in place, Cossey's team and Cox's sourcing organization are preparing for a new challenge. "We're going to spend this year giving the supply chain a facelift," he says. That means examining every process to find which ones offer room for optimization. Then, of course, they'll put improvements in place.
For a man like Cossey, who loves working right in the center of things, such a project is bound to be an enjoyable adventure.

The Big Questions
What do you do when you're not at work?
I have one child in middle school and two in high school, so after-school activities comprise most of my nights and weekends. We try to take three or four family trips every year. I used to play golf, but I just don't get the chance these days.
Ideal dinner companion?
The composer John Williams. I took my kids to see "Star Wars in Concert," and it was amazing.
What's in your laptop bag?
Laptop cables, general office supplies, and the current issue of Multichannel News. When it's time to pack up at the end of the day, the only additions are my trusty composition book and laptop.
Business motto?
Anything is possible.
If you didn't work in supply chain management, what would be your dream job?
A conductor or band director. Right now I'm living vicariously through my son, who is becoming a very good alto saxophone player.






















Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.








Related Articles
        
Casting Vets Into the Private SectorHiring Heroes: A Good Deal for U.S. CompaniesBattlefields and Boardrooms: The Military-Private Sector ConnectionCapt. Kazimir Kostrubala: Winging ItFrom the Service to the Supply ChainJason Ballard: Distributing Ammo and Hot ChowClear Direction, Abundant CommunicationTom Ciepichal: Centered On Supply Chain StrategySound Strategy, Talented TeamShare This, Post That. How to Get Millennials on Your Team More related articles...



Related Resources
        
Send a Education RFIRead Distance Learning web sitesRead Education web sitesRead Job Boards web sitesRead Recruiting web sites 


Related Company Profiles
        
Rasmussen College 





















ARTICLES

This Month
Articles by Subject
Features
Case Studies
How-To
Commentary
Online Exclusives
Trends
Global
Sponsored Articles
Digital Issues & Editions

LOGISTICS PLANNER

2017 Logistics Planner PDF
View Profiles by Category
View Profiles by Company
Logistics Planner RFP



SEND RFP/RFI

3PL RFP
Air Cargo/Air Forwarder RFP
Chemical Logistics RFP
Economic Development RFP
Education RFI
Food Logistics/Temp Controlled RFP
Forklift/Pallets/Materials Handling RFP
Freight Payment/Audit Services RFP
Global Logistics RFP
Green RFP
Latin America RFP
Logistics IT RFP
Logistics Planner RFP
Materials Handling RFP
Ocean/Intermodal/Rail RFP
Retail RFP
Site Selection RFP
TMS RFP
Trucking RFP
WMS RFP
Warehousing RFP



FIND SOLUTIONS

Find a 3PL/Warehouse
Find a Trucking Company
Find a Technology Company
Find an Air Forwarder
Find a Logistics Education Program

COMPANY PROFILES
WEB_CITE CITY®

Search Our Web Directory
Add Your Company



MODES & SERVICES

3PL
Air Cargo
Chemical Logistics
Forklifts, Pallets, & Materials Handling
Logistics & Supply Chain Education
Green Supply Chain Partners Survey
Logistics IT
Ocean/Intermodal/Rail
Site Selection & Economic Development
Trucking
Warehousing



STAY CONNECTED

Subscribe
Connect







About Inbound Logistics | Contact Us | Advertising Opportunities | Order Reprints | Submit a Story Idea | Glossary | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions 
 ©2017 Thomas Publishing Company













