

Ara K Hovnanian, CEO Compensation -  Forbes.com
























 
























 




 





 





 




Jump | Free Trial Issue



Search Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Logistics

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network
-Digital Entertainment

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Entrepreneurs
-Finance
-Human Resources
-Law & Taxation
-Sales & Marketing
-Management
-Technology

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes Global 2000
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World\'s Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Opinions

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising





 











U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS












    HOME 
  
 BUSINESS 
  
 TECHNOLOGY 
  
 MARKETS 
  
 ENTREPRENEURS 
  
 WORK 
  
 PERSONAL FINANCE 
  
 LIFESTYLE 
  
 LISTS 
  
 OPINIONS 


  Home > Lists > CEO Pay >
Ara K Hovnanian






< Previous

Next >



Ara K HovnanianTotal Compensation
$47.83 mil (#14)

5-Year Compensation Total
$89.04 mil

Ara K Hovnanian has been CEO of Hovnanian Enterprises (HOV) for 9 years. Mr. Hovnanian has been with the company for 27 years .The 48 year old executive ranks 3 within Construction

Education
College: Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania '79
Graduate School: Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania MBA '79
 

      







Performance Vs. Pay



Rank: 22 / 189

   

Hovnanian Enterprises

6-Year Annual Total Return

55%



Mr. Hovnanian

6-Year Average Compensation
$15.20 mil

6-Year Return Relative to Industry

117



6-Year Return Relative to Market

157



Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.

 







Ara K Hovnanian's Compensation Vs. Construction Medians



Salary



$1.02 mil 

      



$1.00 mil 



Bonus

$10.93 mil 

$5.70 mil 



Other

$7.54 mil 

$1.10 mil 



Stock Gains

$28.35 mil 

$6.33 mil 







Total Compensation

$47.83 mil



$19.23 mil 



Data Contributor







Hovnanian Enterprises
(HOV: quote, news, executives)

PO Box 500Red Bank, NJ 07701New Jersey732-747-7800732-747-7159

www.khov.com




Ara K Hovnanian's Ownership Of Hovnanian Enterprises





Industry Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

 9.60% 

0.95% 



Stock Owned

 $260.9 mil 

$0.06 mil 



 



Hovnanian Enterprises's Stock Performance




 



Total Return During Tenure

 34% 



Relative to Market

 127 









< Previous

Next >



Sort List By:
Rank |
Name |
Age |
Company |
Efficiency
Total Compensation |
5 Year Compensation |
Market Value

Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history.  The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 189. Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 30, 2006 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P 500 (a score of 100 = the S&P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful.
1Annualized.
2Four-year total.
3Three-year total.
4Less than 0.01%.
5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000.
8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of salary.
9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of bonus.
10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc.(www.hemscottdata.com)








A D V E R T I S E M E N T










SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information  
Forbes.com Wireless  
RSS   
Reprints/Permissions  
Subscriber Services  

©  Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Statement  
Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By




Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer
Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
Exchange trademark and copyright notices.

Powered By


Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










BankFinancial's (BFIN) CEO F. Morgan Gasior on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BFIN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Partners' (UAN) CEO Mark Pytosh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UAN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Camden Property's (CPT) CEO Ric Campo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BASF's (BASFY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BASFY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




West Bancorporation's (WTBA) CEO Dave Nelson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WTBA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invesco's (IVZ) CEO Martin Flanagan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




YIT's (YITYY) CEO Kari Kauniskangas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


YITYY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boise Cascade's (BCC) CEO Tom Corrick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cray's (CRAY) CEO Peter Ungaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRAY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Corporate Office Properties Trust's (OFC) CEO Steve Budorick on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ferro Corporation's (FOE) CEO Peter Thomas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FOE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ventas' (VTR) CEO Debra Cafaro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VTR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



GSI Technology's (GSIT) CEO Lee-Lean Shu on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSIT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Independent Bank Corp's (IBCP) CEO Brad Kessel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IBCP•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Live Oak Bancshares' (LOB) CEO Chip Mahan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LOB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen Insurance Holdings' (AHL) CEO Chris O'Kane on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AHL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MBT Financial's (MBTF) CEO Doug Chaffin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBTF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sonic Automotive (SAH) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAH•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Essex Property Trust's (ESS) CEO Michael Schall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ESS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CalAtlantic Group's (CAA) CEO Larry Nicholson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:14 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carter's (CRI) CEO Michael Casey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CRI•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NTT DoCoMo's (DCM) CEO Kazuhiro Yoshizawa on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DCM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




DSP Group's (DSPG) CEO Ofer Elyakim on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DSPG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acacia Research's (ACTG) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACTG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Universal Logistics Holdings' (ULH) CEO Jeff Rogers on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ULH•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flowserve Corporation's (FLS) CEO Scott Rowe on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FLS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LAFARGEHOLCIM's (HCMLY) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCMLY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  7:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4457Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Manufacturing and Industrial Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Manufacturing and Industrial StocksAecon Group Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEGXF• Today, 9:19 PM • SA TranscriptsYIT OYJ ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesYITYY• Today, 9:07 PM • SA TranscriptsBASF SE ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBASFY• Today, 8:39 PM • SA TranscriptsLAFARGEHOLCIM LTD ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHCMLY• Today, 8:03 PM • SA TranscriptsL'Air Liquide SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAIQUF• Today, 6:53 PM • SA TranscriptsLinde AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLNAGF• Today, 6:48 PM • SA TranscriptsArcadis NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesARCVF• Today, 5:35 PM • SA TranscriptsFlowserve Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLS• Today, 5:04 PM • SA TranscriptsLydian International (LYDIF) Presents At Sprott Conference - SlideshowLYDIF• Today, 2:04 PM • SA TranscriptsDreamliner Performance SatisfiesBA• Today, 1:15 PM • Dhierin Bechai•5 CommentsKlabin S.A. ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKLBAY• Today, 11:31 AM • SA TranscriptsUS Ecology, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesECOL• Today, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsRockwell Collins, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOL• Today, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsColfax Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCFX• Today, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsAV Homes, Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAVHI• Today, 8:51 AM • SA TranscriptsBarnes Group Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesB• Today, 8:50 AM • SA TranscriptsBombardier Inc.B 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBDRBF• Today, 7:39 AM • SA TranscriptsHitachi Ltd. ADR 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHTHIY• Today, 4:28 AM • SA TranscriptsMTU Aero Engines AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMTUAF• Today, 4:03 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Dynamics: Another Solid Quarter, Overvaluation PersistsGD• Today, 3:30 AM • Sure Dividend•5 CommentsCaterpillar: OK, What Now?CAT• Yesterday, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•7 CommentsCaterpillar Breaks Out On Massive Full-Year Guidance UpgradeCAT• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Michael FitzsimmonsWest Fraser Timber Co. (WFTBF) Acquires Gilman - M&A SlideshowWFTBF• Yesterday, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsEMCOR Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEME• Yesterday, 2:49 PM • SA TranscriptsUndervalued And Growing: Argan, Inc.AGX• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Ty Huggins•6 CommentsAdomani: Electric Buses Are The Way To GoADOM• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Marcus Mincey•2 CommentsMilacron Holdings 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMCRN• Yesterday, 12:18 PM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: Sagging Yield Is A Warning SignBA• Yesterday, 11:54 AM • Stone Fox Capital•28 CommentsTriMas Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRS• Yesterday, 11:03 AM • SA TranscriptsL-3 Communications Holdings Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLL• Yesterday, 10:07 AM • SA TranscriptsAGCO Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAGCO• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsCurtiss-Wright Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCW• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: StunningBA• Yesterday, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•35 CommentsStanley Black & Decker: 140 Consecutive Years Of Dividend Payments And Powerful BrandsSWK• Yesterday, 7:27 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•3 CommentsHoneywell: The Story Continues To Get BetterHON• Yesterday, 6:36 AM • WG Investment Research•4 CommentsTime To Get Off The Caterpillar TractorCAT• Yesterday, 5:17 AM • Reason Investments•7 CommentsDynacor Gold: Signs Of A Turnaround?DNGDF• Yesterday, 4:25 AM • Gold Mining Bull•4 Comments3M: Still A Great Company After Q2 Earnings ReleaseMMM• Yesterday, 4:05 AM • Ploutos Investing•4 CommentsPlug Power Surprisingly Increases Expensive Credit Facility With NY Green BankPLUG• Yesterday, 12:24 AM • Henrik Alex•29 CommentsTower International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTOWR• Yesterday, 12:03 AM • SA TranscriptsMcDermott International Is Still A BargainMDR• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:28 PM • Orthodox Investor•7 CommentsIDEX Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIEX• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsD. R. Horton Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDHI• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsThe Boeing Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:51 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsBoeing Is Hitting New All-Time HighsBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:45 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsBoeing: This Amazes MeBA• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:45 AM • Quad 7 Capital•25 CommentsUnited States Steel Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesX• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:20 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentUSG Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUSG• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsTimken Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsRockwell Automation, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesROK• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsIngersoll-Rand plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsFLIR Systems, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLIR• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts3M: Buy The Dip For Growth And IncomeMMM• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:50 AM • Stefan Redlich•11 CommentsJoint French-German Fighter Jet Initiative May Affect Lockheed's F-35 Sales ProspectsLMT• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:49 AM • Zoltan Ban•47 CommentsGEA Group AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGEAGF• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:02 AM • SA TranscriptsGKN Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGKNCF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:31 AM • SA TranscriptsIran And Its Love For Western AircraftBA, EADSF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•5 CommentsI Was Wrong About CaterpillarCAT• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:58 AM • Josh Arnold•13 CommentsLonza Group AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLZAGY• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:27 AM • SA TranscriptsHoneywell Is Off To The Races AgainHON• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:13 PM • Josh Arnold•1 CommentIllinois Tool Works Finding It Harder To Clear A Rising BarITW• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:47 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•50 CommentsCrane Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCR• Tue, Jul. 25, 1:04 PM • SA TranscriptsSnap-on: The Market Rightfully Discounts Current MarginsSNA• Tue, Jul. 25, 12:35 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAllegheny Technologies Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATI• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:40 AM • SA TranscriptsLincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLECO• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 AM • SA TranscriptsMcDermott International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMDR• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:35 AM • SA TranscriptsPentair Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPNR• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsPulteGroup, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPHM• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsAltra Industrial Motion Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAIMC• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts3M Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMMM• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts•13 CommentsCaterpillar Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCAT• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:13 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentOutokumpu OYJ 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOUTKF• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:02 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:00 AM • Dhierin Bechai•21 CommentsUPM-Kymmene Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUPMKF• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:24 AM • SA Transcripts123456...220Next Page










Hovnanian Ushers In The Next Housing Market Collapse | Investment Research Dynamics












































































Investment Research Dynamics
Making sense of dollars and cents










IRD Investment Research Products
Powered by Kranzler Research
 









Hovnanian Ushers In The Next Housing Market Collapse

June 9, 2015Financial Markets, Housing Market, U.S. Economyhomebuilder stocks, Housing bubble, Hovnanian, New home salesadmin 


As we discussed on our first quarter conference call, we expected our second quarter gross margin to be adversely affected by incentives and concessions on started unsold homes. However, the impact was greater than we anticipated and we are disappointed with our second quarter results.  – Ara K. Hovnanian, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer,  HOV 2nd Qtr 8-k
There’s a reason Ara Hovnanian dumped 315,000 shares of HOV stock on April 16th, 2015 – Insider stock selling ahead of an earnings disaster.
Hovnanian greeted the stock market this morning with a big earnings miss.  It’s stock plunged as much as 15%:
I may have been a bit early in forecasting my demise of the housing market, but I know I’m right.  HOV is the 7th largest homebuilder in the country.  It sells homes in 18 States, including the largest housing markets for new homes like California, Texas and Florida.   HOV primarily sells into the first-time and move-up buyer market.  In other words, it’s Q2 results are a good barometer of the market for new home sales in general.
Although it’s revenues were higher thanks to the bubble in new home prices, HOV’s gross margins plunged 400 basis points from 20.1% last year in Q2 to 16.1% in its latest quarter. This is due to the expense associated with started but unsold homes. A feature that is endemic to every homebuilder I research.  It’s total unit home deliveries dropped 3.2% vs. the Q2 2014.
It’s Cost of Sales also includes over $4 million inventory and land option write-offs vs. $522k in Q2 2014. While not large relative to its total cost of sales, inventory and land write-offs are going to become a recurring feature with every homebuilder going forward.
Despite a decline in home deliveries, HOV ballooned its inventory by $200 million in the last six months ($1.3 billion in Oct 2014 vs. 1.5 billion at the end of the most recent quarter). Inventories at all of the homebuilders have swelled up to record levels – even highher than at the peak of the big housing bubble. This is despite the fact that unit sales volume is roughly 1/3 of peak unit sales volume.
An even more shocking fact is that the amount of debt per housing unit sold at EVERY homebuilder is several times higher than it was at the peak of the housing bubble. For instance, at $1.95 billion HOV’s debt load has increased $259 million in the last six months. On a trailing 12 month basis, HOV has delivered 5,836 homes. This translates into $333,790 of debt per home unit delivered.
I have always predicted that HOV would be the first homebuilder to hit the wall.  This is why I have not published a research report on the Company: It’s stock has been below $10 since late 2007. It’s not worth shorting.
However, I have published in-depth research reports on the two stocks that I think are most likely to follow HOV into the bankruptcy abyss.  Both of these companies have operating and financial profiles which are quite similar to that of HOV.  Both of these stocks plunged and then rebounded about six months ago.  I believe that we will see them plunge and stay down at some point in the next 3-6 months.  The problem is, you have to positioned ahead of the plunge or you will miss it.
You can access the report for either company here:





 





I will have more on this later, but now the legacy home equity loans left over from the big housing bubble are going to start torpedo-ing the financial system. No one has thought about these roadside financial exploding devices, but starting in mid-2014 and ballooning up quickly from there, home equity loans sitting dormant other than a small monthly interest payment have been and will be converting to fixed-rate amortizing 2nd mortgages. The monthly payment on these will double or triple for most homeowners with HELOCs resetting. The amount sitting on bank balance sheets is over a half trillion dollars. For its quarter ended March 31, the delinquency rate on its HELOC balances jumped 124%.
Just when mom and pop home flippers were thinking that the water was nice and warm, they are going to get ripped apart by a new wave of distressed home sellers and foreclosure auctions. For the record, I search for home listings on just one zip code in central Denver. I am now getting at least one “new price” email per day, including three yesterday and one today already. The next leg down in the housing market is starting…
Share this:Tweet

Related
 





			11 thoughts on “Hovnanian Ushers In The Next Housing Market Collapse”		





This is merely my own observation, so take it as that, but in the local Toronto newspapers, there seems to be an awful lot of ads lately telling the common man how huge profits can be easily made in real estate (flipping, essentially). Looks fishy to me. Is that some kind of warning that the next leg is down? Not just in the US, but also in Canada?

Reply 





Yes.  In fact, I just realized yesterday that I have not heard any ads for home flipping seminars on the main Denver sports radio station in a few weeks.  Like from Feb thru mid-May I heard the ads every hour.  I have not heard any for at least 2-3 weeks.  It coincides with the sudden spike in listings I’ve been seeing.

Reply 







So Dave, when would be the best time to buy if you’re in the market for a new home? I’m wanting to relocate from Florida to Colorado and am faced with both a collapsing housing market and an imminent fed rate increase. Do the two interrelate at all? 
Also, does the housing market translate to the land for sale market? I’m actually more interested in land to build a house on than an actual existing house.
Thanks in advance for any replies you have the time to make, and a lotta’ thanks for the time you take to keep us informed!
Take care.

Reply 





Wait for the market to crash.  You can find awesome apt rental deals all around Denver right now and it’s only going to get better as more and more new buildings get finished.

Reply 





Chris:
I agree with Dave.
I just finished an involved missive responding to you and it bombed. Ugh! so here goes…..
Anyway like you I have been investigating the idea of building – deal is land prices are through the roof out there – many anecdotes on this but I won’t belabor the point.
In my case after drawing a decent set of design drawings as I am architect – I sent them to a contractor referred to me out there in CO and before a shovel was thrust in to the dirt I was into this for 250 to 300k – this just for dirt, fees, permits, tap fees and purchase of dirt – 1.5 to 2 acres.  My pool of sites was limited as I don’t want sites without public utilities – septics, propane, wells etc. not for me thank you.
Also spoke with a planning guy in Doug Co when there in March of this year – asking about lower priced sites in and about Doug Co.. He said that the lower priced sites , i.e. an acre at say 65k as listed on corelogic or RE Colorado have many issues the least of which is that they are unbuildable due to lack of utilities.  In Larkspur just south of Castle Rock there are these types of sites, some in the midst of homes already built and roads with utilities outboard of the developed sites and after some due diligence and talking around I come to find that the ones that are in developed areas down there that are cheaper require major infrastructure work – i.e. lift stations and the like which the locals are not want to pour money into.  Many of these infrastructure projects are at least 10 years out at the present time according to Doug. Co.  In my talk with Doug Co I had heard of a guy from FL wanting to build – saw said sites on the web and bought sight unseen only to find that he can’t get water sewer etc. to his site because of said infrastructure.  He is now out near 100k as there is a no recourse law in CO on these sorts of purchases.  I find that amazing but apparently true.  If you are serious about building you HAVE TO SEE THE DIRT.  In my driving around many sites just cannot be excavated or built on and frankly I find it reprehensible that CAR would even allow a Realtliar to list these things.
So do your due diligence before making any offers and having been in this process for a couple of years now it is really important that you do the work – no one else will do it for you.
Good Luck in your endevours.

Reply 





So as not to clutter up this thread with off-topic conversation, is there some way I can contact you? Email perhaps?
Thanks for the info, meanwhile.

Reply 





investmentresearchdynamics@gmail.com

Reply 











You called it.

Reply 





Hi Dave,
In case you have not seen this…..http://www.gata.org/node/15441
Phil

Reply 





I had not seen that – thanks for bringing it to my attention!

Reply 





I wonder why they would cover them now, given the persistent rumors over the last few years about the comex  forcing cash settlement .

Reply 





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 

Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA.
six
 − 

 = 
one







 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 







The Next Bull Market In Mining Stocks Is Here 







Paypal Account Is Not Required

Next Reserve Currency?

 


lambda_358">





lambda_360">




Silver Farm Podcast Downloads
CLICK TO BUY SILVER

 


lambda_359">




 



Get E-mail Alerts


Name: 
Email: 




Blogs I Follow

Activist Post
Financial Survival Network
Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee (GATA)
Gold Core
Gold$eek
In Gold We Trust
Jesse's Cafe Americain
Paul Craig Roberts
SGTreport
Silver Doctors
Silver Farm
SilverSeek
SteveQuayle.com
TF Metals Report
The Burning Platform
The Daily Coin
The News Doctors
Value Walk





















































Hovnanian Enterprises' (HOV) CEO Ara K. Hovnanian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Hovnanian Enterprises' (HOV) CEO Ara K. Hovnanian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMar. 8.17 | About: Hovnanian Enterprises, (HOV) Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc (NYSE:HOV)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
March 08, 2017 11:00 AM ET
Executives
Jeff O’Keefe – Vice President-Investor Relations
Ara K. Hovnanian – Chairman of the Board, President & CEO
J. Larry Sorsby – Executive Vice President & CFO
Analysts
Tim Daley – Deutsche Bank
Ryan McKeveny – Zelman & Associates
Megan McGrath – MKM Partners
Sam McGovern – Credit Suisse
James Finnerty – Citi
Operator
Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Hovnanian Enterprises Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. An archive of the webcast will be available after the completion of the call and will run for 12 months. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are currently in a listen-only mode.
Management will make some opening remarks about the first quarter results and then open up the line for questions. The Company will also be webcasting a slide presentation along with the opening comments from management. The slides are available on the investors' page of the company's website at www.khov.com. Those listeners who would like to follow along should log on to the website at this time.
Before we begin, I would like to turn the call over to Jeff O’Keefe, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, please go ahead.
Jeff O’Keefe
Thank you, Karen and thank you all for participating in this morning's conference call to review the results for our first quarter, which ended January 31, 2017. All statements in this conference call that are not historical facts should be considered as forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements related to company's goals and expectations with respect to its financial results for future financial periods. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected and/or suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. By their nature, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify.
Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from those forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors. Such risks, uncertainties and other described in detail in this section's entitled risk factors and management discussion and analysis particularly the portions of the MD&A entitled Safe Harbor statement in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason.
Joining me today from the company are Ara Hovnanian, Chairman, President and CEO; Larry Sorsby, Executive Vice President and CFO; Brad O'Connor, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; and David Bachstetter, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer.
I'll now turn the call over to Ara. Ara, go ahead.
Ara K. Hovnanian
Thanks Jeff. I am going to review our operating results for the first quarter and discuss the current sales environment. Larry is going to follow up with a little more detail and discuss other items including our liquidity position.

Our first quarter results were in line with our previous guidance and I'll discuss that more fully in a moment. However, I thought a review our capital markets' environment would be helpful. Since late in fiscal 2015, the high yield market for our credit rating has been difficult. We faced challenging high yield environments from time to time in our 35-year history of participating in high yield markets.
Similar to what we've seen in the past, we expect the high yield markets to eventually reopen for us. The overall high yield markets are clearly strengthening, but as a result of the difficult high yield markets for us, we had to temporarily reduced our land spend as we paid off $320 million of maturing public debt between October 15 and May of 16.
Additionally, in the beginning of 2016, we announced that we are existing four underperforming markets. These two factors led to a reduction in our land position and a 22% decline in our total community count. This clearly impacted a number of our operating results compared to last year, but again we are in line with our previous guidance.
Starting in the upper left hand corner of Slide 3, we show there for the first quarter of 2017, total revenues decreased slightly to $552 million from last year, a portion of this decline is a shift in deliveries from wholly-owned communities to joint venture communities. We don't report joint venture revenues in our consolidated results. If you include those revenues, our total revenues would have been up 4% on a year-over-year basis. In the upper right hand portion of this slide, you can see that our gross margin was 17.2% in the first quarter of 2017, up from 16.6% in last year's first quarter.
Moving down to lower left hand corner, you can see that we continue to improve our SG&A ratio during the first quarter of this year, reducing it to 10.9% from 11.1% last year. In the lower right hand corner of this slide, we show that we had a pre-tax profit for the first quarter. With only $300,000, but compared to a loss of $13 million in last year's first quarter it was good. And while the amount was small and it was helped with some debt bond repurchases that Larry will explain more fully, we're pleased with the direction, particularly given the drop in our community count that we previously discussed.
After taxes we had a small loss of $100,000 compared to last year's loss in the first quarter of $60 million. Although our bottom-line was much better, obviously not where it needs to be and we're very focused on further improving our operating results by replenishing our land supply, improving our gross margins, getting our new communities open into the market soon and continuing to reduce our debt and interest costs over the longer-term.
While our gross margin increased in the first quarter, our gross margin is still below or 20% normalized level. We achieved 20% margins as recently as fiscal 2013 and 2014. Three factors continue to be a headwind for more meaningful gross margin improvements. Rising labor costs, increased use of incentives in certain communities and higher land costs. We've talked about these factors for a number of quarters. We've continued to burn through the higher cost land we purchased in 2013 and 2014 when market conditions were more favorable, the labor cost increases and a more aggressive competitive environment however continues to put pressure on our gross margin, as well as the gross margin of the overall homebuilding industry.
Slide 4 shows the trailing 12-month gross margin for 14 of our peers, plus our own. 11 of the 15 homebuilders reported a year-over-year decline in gross margin. We suspect the same combination of factors I just discussed that are negatively impacting our margins also had adverse impact on our peers' gross margin.

If you turn to Slide 5, you can see the impact of exiting four markets, reducing our land spend and paying off $320 million of maturing debt. Our consolidated community count decreased sequentially each quarter throughout fiscal 2016 and into the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Since we announced the decision to exit four markets, our community count in those markets is down from 23 at the end of last year's first quarter to two communities at the end of this year's first quarter. That represents almost half of the year-over-year decline in our total community count.
In light of the capital markets being unavailable to us last year, we took appropriate steps to increase our liquidity so that we're able to pay off a substantial amount of debt maturities. However, the resulting reduction in our community count makes a challenging 2017 year-over-year comparisons. Given a 22% decline in our community count, it's not surprising that we experienced an 18% decline in our first quarter net contracts.
After paying off debt maturities that I just described, we ended the last year and began this year and quarter with $347 million of cash and liquidity. This allowed us to invest a $190 million in land and land development in the first quarter, our largest land spent in five quarters. Many of the new lots we are controlling are entitled, but unimproved. It takes more time to get those communities developed and open for sale compared to finished lots which were more available in the past. Therefore, there will be some time lag before our community count begins to rebound, but we do expect it to rebound.
On Slide 6, we show that our consolidated contracts per community increased from 7.1 to 7.5 this quarter, this obviously help mitigate some of the effect of the declining community count. Improvements in contracts per community like we had in the first quarter of 2017, allows us to receive the benefit of those extra deliveries from existing communities without having to have much if any additional SG&A costs. That certainly is a positive step toward improving both our operating efficiencies and profitability. While our sales absorptions continued to increase, we as well as the entire industry remain below historical normal sales pace per community.
Slide 7 shows our consolidated contracts per community on a monthly basis. Here we show the most recent month in blue and the same month a year ago in gray. For 10 of the past 12 months, contracts per community were equal to or better than the same month of the prior year. The spring selling season is officially underway. Our February results in contracts per community increased from 2.9 last year to 3.3 this year, and indicate we're off to a strong selling season. As a matter of fact, the 3.3 contracts per community in February was the highest contracts per community for any month in the past three years. The early results are positive and based on the strong traffic levels, we're optimistic that the balance of the spring selling season will be strong.
On Slide 8, we show on the left hand side the dollar amount of our contract backlog decrease to $1.2 billion from $1.4 billion. Despite the decline in community count, our backlog is still respectable and positions us for solid results in future quarters.
I'll now turn it over to Larry Sorsby, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
J. Larry Sorsby
Thanks Ara. On Slide 9, we provide an update on Houston. Despite the fact that we have had over two years of significantly lower oil prices our Houston operations continue to post solid results. During the first quarter of 2017, we saw the absolute number of net contracts in Houston increased by 2% year-over-year and net contracts per community increased 12% year-over-year from 5% to 5.6%.

As I have said in prior calls, there were three things that set our Houston operations apart from many of the builders we compete against in that market. Number one, we focus on a lower average price points. Our average home price on homes delivered for the first quarter of 2017 in Houston was approximate $290,000 which is even lower than it has been in recent quarters. Number two, we do not build in any of the highly competitive master planned communities. And number three, we have less exposure to communities in the energy corridor in Houston than our peers.
We commend our local Houston management team that worked diligently to successfully – extremely difficult local market conditions. Despite continued success for our Houston operations, we will keep a close eye on the market and we are prepared to take appropriate action should circumstances change. As a side note, our Texas operations both Houston and Dallas remain amongst our strongest markets.
Turning to Slide 10, you will see our owned and optioned land position broken out by a publicly reported market segments. Our investments and land option deposits was $53 million as of January 31, 2017. Additionally, we have another $11 million invested in three development expenses. In November, after improving our liquidity position, we started more aggressively seeking land parcels again. As a result, we are now beginning to review a greater number of land deals at our corporate land committee and remain on reloading our land position.
As shown on Slide 11, it's a direct result of our increased land spend during the first quarter, both our owned lots and unconsolidated joint ventures and our consolidated owned lots, excluding mothballed lots increased sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2016 to the first quarter of 2017. The $190 million we spent on land and land development in the first quarter of 2017 was more than we spent in any quarter last year. Furthermore, it was more than last year's average of $142 million of land and land development spend per quarter or $164 million we averaged in fiscal 2015, a period of time when we did not have pressure from bond maturities.
Looking at all of our consolidated communities in the aggregate, including mothballed communities and the $172 million of inventory not owned, we have an inventory book value of $1.3 billion net of $416 million of impairments. One of our key operating metrics is return on investment.
On Slide 12, we show trailing 12 months homebuilding EBIT to inventor for us and our peers. This ROI metric measures pure operating performance before interest expense and compared to our peers we stack up well. We and the entire industry are still not at normal ROI levels yet, but this will improve as we get further into the recovery. We realize that even after paying off $320 million of debt maturities between October 2015 and May 2016, our leverage in interest expense levels remain high and we are committed to lowering both over time. The combination of deleveraging along with the return to a more normalized EBIT to inventory levels will improve our future pre-tax results dramatically. One important component of return on investment is inventory turnover.
On Slide 13, you can see that we have the second highest inventory turnovers over the trailing 12 months compared to our peers. Given our liquidity constraints, achieving a high inventory turnover will continue to a focus for us going forward. Other area for discussion for the quarter is related to our deferred tax asset valuation allowance.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 we reversed $285 million over deferred tax asset valuation allowance. We should reverse the remaining valuation allowance when begins generating sustained profitability levels higher than recent years. The end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017, our valuation allowance in the aggregate was $628 million. The remaining valuation allowance is a very significant asset, not currently reflected our balance sheet and we've taken numerous steps to protect it. We will not have to pay cash federal income taxes on approximately $2 billion of future pre-tax earnings.

On Slide 14, we show that we ended the first quarter with the total shareholders' deficit of $128 million. If you add back the remaining valuation allowance as we've done on this slide, then our shareholders' equity would be a positive $500 million. If you look at this on a per share basis, its $3.39 per share which means at yesterday's closing stock price of $2.42 per share, our stock price is trading at a 29% discount to our adjusted book value per share. Over time, we believe that we can repair our balance sheet and have no current intentions of issuing equity anytime soon.
Highlighted on Slide 15, we continued to show improvement in some of our credit statistics. On the left hand portion of the slide, we show that our adjusted EBITDA increased slightly during the first quarter to $39.5 million compared to $38.8 million in last year's first quarter. In the middle of the slide, you can see our interest incurred declined by 8% to $39 million in the first quarter of 2017.
Our interest incurred metric declined due to us paying off at maturity $320 million in debt between October 2015 and May 2016. This was partially offset by our increased use of land banks or previously owned land where the carry cost is recorded as interest. As a reminder, a typical land bank where we do not own the land prior to land banks purchase of the land, accounts for the carry we pay as an increased land cost rather than interest, and therefore hits gross margin rather than interest expense.
On the right hand side of the slide, we show that our adjusted EBITDA to interest incurred also increased to about 1.02 times compare to 0.92 times in last year's first quarter. Despite the reduction in interest incurred, our interest expense ratio was higher in the first quarter this year as compared to last year as shown on Slide 16.
The higher interest expense ratio in the first quarter 2017 was primarily due to two reasons. First, there was $1.7 million of land and lot sales interest associated with the sale of a previously mothballed community in Southern California, and second, we have $24 million reduction in our total revenues.
On Slide 17, we show our maturity ladder, our first significant maturities do not come due until January 2019. We repurchased $39 million face amount of unsecured notes during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 at a discount. As a result, we booked an $8 million gain on extinguishment of debt. This was effectively an early retirement of $32 million of face value of our two different unsecured 2019 bonds consisting of $17.5 million of our 7% notes due in 2019 and $14 million of our 8% notes due in 2019, as well as a $7 million of face value over December 2017 exchangeable notes units.
Although, we can proactively review the capital markets for refinancing opportunities, we are running the business as if we will have to pay off the $56 million notes due December 2017 and the $52 million revolver due June 2018 with cash. While the high yield market continues to be challenging for us, we have a strong relationships and continue to develop new relationships with alternative capital sources including land banking, project specific non-recourse debt, joint ventures and model sale leaseback finance.
As we look beyond the earlier day of maturities, we expect our operating performance and credit statistics to improve further and anticipate tapping the capital markets to refinance both are later dated 2018, 2019 and 2020 maturities.
As seen on Slide 18, after using $31 million to repurchase debt and spending $190 million on land and land development in the first quarter, we ended the first quarter with a liquidity position of $205 million which is within our liquidity target between $170 million and $245 million. Assuming no changes in market conditions and excluding the impact of land related charges and gains losses on extinguishment of debt. As we said on our year-end conference call, we continue to expect total deliveries, including deliveries from unconsolidated joint ventures for fiscal 2017 to be down approximately 10% compared to fiscal 2016 total deliveries, which also includes deliveries from unconsolidated joint ventures.

Looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we expect our total deliveries to grow again. Additionally, we expect our gross margin for all of fiscal 2017 to be similar to what it was for all of fiscal 2016, and we expect to be able to keep our SG&A ratio around our normalized 10% level. While we expect lower interest expense dollars in fiscal 2017 because we anticipated a decline in consolidated revenue in 2017, we do not expect to make progress in reducing our interest expense as a percentage of total revenues during this year.
However, in 2018, we will expect to see this ratio continue to improve again as it has been doing for the last five years. We expect our consolidated revenues to be down in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to last year's second quarter. Keep in mind that some of the communities that we transferred to an unconsolidated joint venture will be delivering homes. Had these remain consolidated deliveries, the consolidated revenue decline would have been less.
Further, we expect our gross margin for the second quarter to be similar to the gross margin in the same quarter of the previous year. We expect our SG&A ratio will improve in the second quarter compared to last year and that will offset some of the impact of the decline in our revenues. The end result as we expect our pre-tax profits for the 2017 second quarter to be similar to last year's second quarter.
I'll now turn it back to Ara for brief concluding comments.
Ara K. Hovnanian
Thanks Larry. After a deleveraging in fiscal 2016, we are now focused on identifying new land parcels, so that we can grow our deliveries in 2018 and beyond. As Larry pointed out, we made progress this quarter and we increased our owned lot position. We are very focused on high inventory turnover to leverage our operating capability.
We began this year with about $350 million in excess cash and liquidity that we have since put to work, both buying back some of our debt and through purchasing and optioning land for future community. The faster we can get these new communities opened, the faster we can get back to help your levels of profitability and it's something we are very focused on. We are confident that the steps we have taken are positioning us properly for the continued market recovery.
That concludes our formal remarks and we'd like to turn it over for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instruction] And our first question for today comes in the line of Nishu Sood for Deutsche Bank.
Tim Daley
This is actually Tim on for Nishu. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is actually regarding the gross margin, you know solid progress year-over-year. You mentioned some headwinds and as well some tailwinds including the labor land incentives, and as well as kind of working your way through some of the higher priced inventory or land that you purchased back in the mini-bubble. I was just wondering could you walk us through each of these moving parts and as well what you expect for them next year?
Ara K. Hovnanian
Yeah. I can't say that we could be very specific because it's so situational. But overall, as I think we pointed out that our guidance is that our full year gross margins will be similar. That's in terms full year for 2017 will be similar to last year's full year.
J. Larry Sorsby
And clearly as time goes by, there is less and less overhang from the lot that we purchased and what you referred to as the mini-bubble. So that headwind should diminish in future years. You know it's hard to answer the labor question. I think we as well as the entire industry have seen labor cost increases that have caused margin declines for an entire industry, as we project forward, we assume no changes in costs, no changes in home prices, no changes in absorption pace. Historically, we and the industry have been able to offset any cost increases by raising home prices. This particular cycle we have very unusual to see labor cost increases kind of outstrip our ability to raise prices. Hard to say what may or may not happen in the future.

Tim Daley
And just a follow-up on that, it seems, just looking at the backlog on a wholly-owned versus daily basis. It seems that California is contributing a substantially higher amount, while higher amount of deliveries in 4Q than 4Q 2015 and now a higher amounts of backlog dollars as well. Is your California gross margin a bit higher than they are in the rest of the country as is the case with some other builders? Just trying to kind of figure out the mix shift there as the total buckets shrinks?
J. Larry Sorsby
As a general statement and highly regulated markets where you have expensive land, we have a higher gross margin that we do in market to where we're able to auction, finish lots such as Houston. We get a higher inventory turn and Houston kind of offsets slightly lower margins and in California we have to have higher margins to offset the lower inventory turns. So, I think as a generic comment, the California gross margins are higher on average than many parts of our company.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from line of Ryan McKeveny from Zelman Industries.
Ryan McKeveny
One more on the gross margin specific to the 2Q guidance. I believe you said it will be similar to 2Q of last year, which on an adjusted excluding capitalized interest basis we see as 16.1%. So, when I think about that, I guess first is that the right number that you are comparing to and then secondly, regarding the 1Q 2017 results which were 17.2% implies to more around 100 bps of decline sequentially. So, just curious of the factors you've talked pressuring margins. Is there anything specific to call out on why that 2Q would be down that amount relative to what you just reported for 1Q?
J. Larry Sorsby
First of all the answer is yes, 16.1% or 16.2% that you cited, the right number comparing it to and the reason I think is just kind of mix, where the deliveries are coming from across the country and community by community. So, that's a simple answer.
Ryan McKeveny
Got it. Okay. Then one, a bit random one here, but we saw press release yesterday about a JV you guys have in Saudi Arabia and we're just wondering if you could maybe elaborate a bit on the economics of that for the Company and whether this is a type of growth opportunity potentially going forward? Thank you.
Ara K. Hovnanian
Sure. Well first of all, at the moment, it's a small joint venture that we actually established a few years ago. It's small amount of investment for us, although we do have the option to increase our contribution. The venture is with a large land owner there and frankly was random that the opportunity came about. The announcement yesterday was that our venture signed a joint venture agreement with the Saudi Government's Ministry of Housing to provide housing that they are subsidizing for their citizens. At this point, I don't think it's anything material, but it does have the opportunity to become a little more meaningful. And if it does become more meaningful, we'll certainly report on that in a little more detail in the future.
J. Larry Sorsby
The joint venture that was announced yesterday is actually a joint venture between our Saudi joint venture with this large land owner and the Ministry of Housing. So, it's kind of a joint venture on a joint venture that has tremendous potential, but only time will tell whether it's realized.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Megan McGrath from MKM Partners.
Megan McGrath
Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on some demand environment comments. You talked about both a nice increase in absorptions in recent months, but also an increase in incentives that were impacting your gross margin. So, I realized a lot of this is localized. So, maybe you could talk us through sort of big picture, you know your sense on the demand environment and where you are seeing increased incentives and does that coincide with where you are seeing increased absorptions as well?

Ara K. Hovnanian
Sure. Just overall the macro perspective, we definitely are feeling a little strengthening in the marketplace and I think our sales per community, our contracts per community are certainly an indication of that. If I look around the country, I'd say we're feeling some strengthening, certainly in Northern California in the Sacramento area that has been strong. We're continuing to see a strong Texas market, the Arizona market in Bromley in Phoenix that has been strengthening as well. On the other side, we're seeing a little more challenge in the Chicago market, which has historically done very well for us and our southeast coastal markets have had more of a headwind in terms of incentives that would include the Hilton, primarily the Hilton Head in Savannah markets in south.
Megan McGrath
Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then, to switch gears a little and talk about your increase land spend. Similarly can you give us any detail there on – was there any particular regions or product type where you saw yourself spending more money this quarter?
Ara K. Hovnanian
No I say, nothing stick out of my mind. I mean we shrunk the number of divisions by four as we've said during the call and our intent and plan is to be larger in the 15 plus markets that we are in and that's part of our strategy. So, our plan is to increase income spread that in many of our markets. It just depends on where we find the best opportunities at any given moment. I forgot to mention in the DC market by the way, we've seen a little of strengthening in the Virginia – northern Virginia segment recently and perhaps that comes from people's faith that the defense industry may see more dollar spent and that certainly helps employment in that area.
Megan McGrath
Great. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sam McGovern from Credit Suisse.
Sam McGovern
Hey guys thanks for taking my question. Just on the bond buybacks. Can you walk us through how you guys think about the IRR on the bond repurchased versus using the cash to reinvest in the business for the next few years and also whether you guys have repurchased any bonds after quarter end?
J. Larry Sorsby
We typically bought bonds back when we thought we got a higher yield by buying bonds back than we could achieve by investing in a new deal where was the yield was equal to or higher than what or underwriting hurdle rates were for equal land deal. You know in that particular quarter, first quarter we obviously ended the fourth quarter with a lot of cash that we immediately put to use. So, it was even easier to make that decision. The hurdle rates again remained higher than we were able to achieve on our typical land deals. But we just couldn't put the money to work. So, the actual spread was even a greater spread because it was earning virtually nothing sitting in the bank. But we know that debt is coming due in a couple of years anyway, so it was something that we reflected on and thought was the best decision at this point in time, and I don't believe there is an subsequent that will be announced in the 10-Q with respect to subsequent bond purchases.
Sam McGovern
Got it and what capacity do you guys have to repurchase bonds? And what covenants are being used to repurchase the junior debt?
J. Larry Sorsby
I don't believe we're currently restricted by covenants buying back bad debt, so there are no financial covenants that that causes us to be restricted.
Sam McGovern
Okay, great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instruction] Our next question comes from the line of James Finnerty from Citi.
James Finnerty
Hi. Good morning.
Ara K. Hovnanian
Good morning.
James Finnerty
Just going back to, I think the prior commentary on 2018 deliveries being similar to 2016. I apologize if I missed that. Did you reiterate that today in terms of consolidated plus joint venture deliveries?

Ara K. Hovnanian
I don't believe we use those exact words. I believe what we said was 2018 tend to grow again, including unconsolidated joint ventures.
James Finnerty
So grow again relative to 2017?
Ara K. Hovnanian
Yes.
James Finnerty
Okay. And then in terms of 2017 land spend you spent $190 in the first quarter. Can you give us any idea for the full year 2017 versus 2016? 2016 you spent I believe $567 million. How should we think about that?
Ara K. Hovnanian
I think you should expect us to spend more on – in the aggregate in 2017 that we did in 2016.
James Finnerty
Okay, great. And then last, just on the bond repurchases, were those bonds retired?
Ara K. Hovnanian
Yeah.
J. Larry Sorsby
Yeah.
James Finnerty
Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ara Hovnanian for any closing comments.
Ara K. Hovnanian
Great. Thank you very much. We'll continue to make progress. As Larry shared earlier from the pure operations standpoint which we measure by EBITDA inventory, we continue to perform very well compared to our peers, but all of us are suffering from a challenging EBIT inventory environment. That will improve as it does every cycle. We've certainly seen that over in the last 60 years of our history. And when we combine that, we're getting our revenue growth back again as our new communities open. We're confident that we will see continued improving results over the long term. Thanks very much and we'll look forward to giving you more updates each quarter that are positive. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Residential Construction, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All HOV TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector








Hovnanian Enterprises - Wikipedia






















 






Hovnanian Enterprises

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"K. Hovnanian Homes" redirects here. For other uses, see K. Hovnanian Homes (disambiguation).

Hovnanian Enterprises Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: HOV


Industry
Construction


Founded
1959


Headquarters
Red Bank, New Jersey, United States



Key people


Kevork Hovnanian
Founder
Ara K. Hovnanian (Chairman President & CEO)
Thomas J. Pellerito
COO
J. Larry Sorsby
CFO & Executive VP
Brad G. O’Connor
CAO, VP & Corporate Controller

David G. Valiaveedan
VP Finance & Treasurer


Products
Homes
Financial Services


Revenue
 US$ 2.063 billion (2014)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 20.18 million (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$ 307.14 million (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 2.290 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$ -117.80 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

2,006 (October 2014)[1]


Website
www.khov.com


Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. is a United States real estate company which is involved in every aspect of marketing homes, including design, construction and sales. The company works with individual detached housing as well as higher-occupancy dwellings, including townhouses, condominiums and retirement homes. In most cases, the company acquires and develops the land on which these developments are built, but in some geographic regions, Hovnanian offers to build their proprietary house designs on private land. The company consists of two operating groups, homebuilding and financial services, and recently entered the Fortune 500.
Despite some recent financial difficulties due to the 2008–2009 recession and financial crisis, Hovnanian Enterprises remains the sixth largest American homebuilder and the largest homebuilder in New Jersey, as of September 2009.[2]



Contents


1 Company operations
2 History
3 Quality
4 External links
5 References



Company operations[edit]
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. has delivered in excess of 312,000 houses since incorporation including 5,934 homes in fiscal 2014,[1] with base prices ranging from $46,000 to $2,350,000 and averaging about $280,000. It operates in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington DC, and West Virginia.[3] Members of the Hovnanian family, including Ara K. Hovnanian, have voting control over approximately 56% of the votes as of October 31, 2014 equivalent to a stake worth $178 million in 2015.[1]
The company relocated its corporate headquarters to a new building on the banks of the Navesink River in Red Bank, New Jersey, in 2006.[2]
History[edit]
In 1959, Kevork Hovnanian, an ethnic Armenian originally from Iraq, and his three brothers - Hirair Hovnanian, Jirair Hovnanian and Vahak Hovananian - each contributed $1,000 dollars, in addition to $20,000 which they borrowed, to found Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. in a trailer in Toms River, New Jersey.[4]
Hovnanian and his company earned a reputation to selling low cost condos and townhouses, many to first time young homeowners and families.[4] A typical two-bedroom, two bathroom Hovnanian home built in the early 1980s cost approximately $30,000 because Hovnanian eliminated amenities such as communal swimming pools, which other builders used to attract potential buyers.[4] In a New York Times interview in 1983, Hovnanian explained his reasoning for marketing low cost homes in developments without community amenities, "There are limited recreation facilities going in because people have little time for socialization."[4]
In 1964 Jirair Hovnanian split off from his brothers' company and founded his own construction business, J.S. Hovnanian & Sons, of Mount Laurel Township, New Jersey.[5] Hirair and Vahak also left the company by 1969 to found their own enterprises.[4]
Hovnanian Enterprises had built and sold more than 30,000 homes and condos by 1989.[4] An additional 200,000 residences were sold between 1989 and 2009, as the company expanded its construction to include luxury homes, mid-priced homes and retirement communities.[4] It remains one the United States' largest builders of "active adult homes", which are sold under the name of Four Seasons communities.[2]
Kevork Hovnanian stepped down as president of Hovnanian Enterprises in 1989, and was succeeded by his son, Ara K. Hovnanian.[4] He remained chief executive until his retirement in 1997, and was also replaced as CEO by Ara Hovnanian.[4] However, he remained the chairman of the company's board of directors until his death in 2009.[4]
Ara Hovnanian is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania Wharton School and led the company through 19 acquisitions of smaller builders from 1999 through the early stages of the housing crisis. The company relied heavily on debt to fund the acquisitions. However, falling property prices has forced the company to write off more than $2.6 billion of its value since 2006. As of October 2015, the company's debt load is $2.1 billion and interest payments amount to $35 million to $40 million per quarter.[6]
Quality[edit]
Hovnanian has been the subject of customer complaints. In a few cases, there have been legitimate construction problems in some Hovnanian houses. For example, in 2005, Hovnanian acknowledged problems in a development in New Jersey after nearly three dozen disgruntled homeowners turned to elected officials when their complaints were ignored.[7]
K. Hovnanian the home builder and the mortgage company are no strangers to controversy. In 2008, the home builder was involved in a class action lawsuit where the plaintiffs alleged their subdivision was built near an old bombing range. The company settled the lawsuit in 2011 for a reported $1.2 million. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
The mortgage company was involved in a class action lawsuit filed in 2007 alleging violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) for removing incentives from home buyers if they opted to use another title insurance provider rather than the Hovnanian-affiliated title insurance company. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
K. Hovnanian Homes has also been the subject of praise from homeowners citing the builders reputation and solid history.[8] Hovnanian has also received numerous awards based on the quality of their construction and high level customer support.[9][10]
External links[edit]

K. Hovnanian Homes Corporate Website
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage LLC - Financial Services
Yahoo! - Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Company Profile
Kevork and Ara Hovnanian, Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.
Reuters Company Profile for (HOV) Hovnanian Enterprises

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h "Hovnanian Enterprises Inc 2014 Annual Report - Form 10-K - December 12, 2014." (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2015-10-18. 
^ a b c Willis, David P. (2009-09-24). "Homebuilder leaves legacy of philanthropy". Asbury Park Press. Archived from the original on 2013-01-17. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ http://www.investor.reuters.wallst.com/stocks/company-profile.asp?rpc=66&ticker=HOV
^ a b c d e f g h i j Meier, Barry (2009-09-25). "Kevork S. Hovnanian, Construction Company Founder, Dies at 86". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ Sims, Gayle Nonan (2007-08-15). "J.S. Hovnanian, New Jersey builder, dies". The Philadelphia Inquirer. Retrieved 2007-09-16. [dead link]
^ Hudson, Kris. "Debt Load Hinders Recovery at Hovnanian". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-28. 
^ "N.J.: State Report Details Homebuilding Flaws". Daily Real Estate News, Realtor Magazine Online. March 23, 2005. 
^ Woman trades noisy neighbor for a peaceful K. Hovnanian Home, Asbury Park Press, app.com, January 13, 2008, accessed February 2, 2008
^ K. Hovnanian Homes Earns National Housing Quality Certification for Outstanding Quality Assurance and Customer Satisfaction, NAHB Research Center, nahbrc.org, September 7, 2006, accessed February 2, 2008
^ Six Quality Methods for Award Winning Performance of National Housing Quality award winners, Toolbase Services, toolbase.org, accessed February 2, 2008







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hovnanian_Enterprises&oldid=792325186"					
Categories: Companies established in 1967Home buildersConstruction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in Monmouth County, New JerseyRed Bank, New Jersey1967 establishments in New JerseyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Հայերեն 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 21:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















 













 



 Hovnanian Enterprises Inc., Ara K. Hovnanian,  























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
Hovnanian Enterprises Inc.
 
 
Ticker Symbol
HOV












 Address

	        
				
						110 W Front St.		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Red Bank,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					 NJ
           			
	    			
	    			
         					07701
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  info@khov.com
Phone
 1-732-747-7800


Website


							        www.khov.com
							        

Fax

							         1-732-747-6835














            Summary            
      Executive Details      
       Financial Details       
       Board Members       
     Stock Ownership     
Subsidiaries









Business Information
															The group's principal activities are to design, construct and market homes and to provide financial services. It operates through two segments namely, homebuilding and financial services. The homebuilding segment designs, constructs and markets single family detached homes, townhouses and attached condominium apartments. The group builds and sells homes in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, New York, Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, Texas and California. Financial services segment provides mortgage loans and title insurance to its homebuilding customers. In 2003, the group acquired parkside homes, brighton homes, great western homes and windward homes and Florida homebuilder on 06-Nov-2003.   
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

Kevork HovnanianChmn. N/A  Bobby RayGroup Pres. N/A  Dan KlingerPres. - K Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC N/A  Geaton DecesarisPres. - Hovnanian Land Investment Group N/A  Jim RexRegion Pres. - Southern California Inland Region N/A  

 
												




																Financial 
                                                                Information
                                                             ( All figures in $ '000 ) 



															  	Year

															  	Sales

															  	Net Income

2006 6,148,235149,5332005 5,348,417471,8472004 4,160,403348,681
																
																   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 




















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW









































           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  






Hovnanian Enterprises - Wikipedia






















 






Hovnanian Enterprises

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"K. Hovnanian Homes" redirects here. For other uses, see K. Hovnanian Homes (disambiguation).

Hovnanian Enterprises Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: HOV


Industry
Construction


Founded
1959


Headquarters
Red Bank, New Jersey, United States



Key people


Kevork Hovnanian
Founder
Ara K. Hovnanian (Chairman President & CEO)
Thomas J. Pellerito
COO
J. Larry Sorsby
CFO & Executive VP
Brad G. O’Connor
CAO, VP & Corporate Controller

David G. Valiaveedan
VP Finance & Treasurer


Products
Homes
Financial Services


Revenue
 US$ 2.063 billion (2014)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 20.18 million (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$ 307.14 million (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 2.290 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$ -117.80 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

2,006 (October 2014)[1]


Website
www.khov.com


Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. is a United States real estate company which is involved in every aspect of marketing homes, including design, construction and sales. The company works with individual detached housing as well as higher-occupancy dwellings, including townhouses, condominiums and retirement homes. In most cases, the company acquires and develops the land on which these developments are built, but in some geographic regions, Hovnanian offers to build their proprietary house designs on private land. The company consists of two operating groups, homebuilding and financial services, and recently entered the Fortune 500.
Despite some recent financial difficulties due to the 2008–2009 recession and financial crisis, Hovnanian Enterprises remains the sixth largest American homebuilder and the largest homebuilder in New Jersey, as of September 2009.[2]



Contents


1 Company operations
2 History
3 Quality
4 External links
5 References



Company operations[edit]
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. has delivered in excess of 312,000 houses since incorporation including 5,934 homes in fiscal 2014,[1] with base prices ranging from $46,000 to $2,350,000 and averaging about $280,000. It operates in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington DC, and West Virginia.[3] Members of the Hovnanian family, including Ara K. Hovnanian, have voting control over approximately 56% of the votes as of October 31, 2014 equivalent to a stake worth $178 million in 2015.[1]
The company relocated its corporate headquarters to a new building on the banks of the Navesink River in Red Bank, New Jersey, in 2006.[2]
History[edit]
In 1959, Kevork Hovnanian, an ethnic Armenian originally from Iraq, and his three brothers - Hirair Hovnanian, Jirair Hovnanian and Vahak Hovananian - each contributed $1,000 dollars, in addition to $20,000 which they borrowed, to found Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. in a trailer in Toms River, New Jersey.[4]
Hovnanian and his company earned a reputation to selling low cost condos and townhouses, many to first time young homeowners and families.[4] A typical two-bedroom, two bathroom Hovnanian home built in the early 1980s cost approximately $30,000 because Hovnanian eliminated amenities such as communal swimming pools, which other builders used to attract potential buyers.[4] In a New York Times interview in 1983, Hovnanian explained his reasoning for marketing low cost homes in developments without community amenities, "There are limited recreation facilities going in because people have little time for socialization."[4]
In 1964 Jirair Hovnanian split off from his brothers' company and founded his own construction business, J.S. Hovnanian & Sons, of Mount Laurel Township, New Jersey.[5] Hirair and Vahak also left the company by 1969 to found their own enterprises.[4]
Hovnanian Enterprises had built and sold more than 30,000 homes and condos by 1989.[4] An additional 200,000 residences were sold between 1989 and 2009, as the company expanded its construction to include luxury homes, mid-priced homes and retirement communities.[4] It remains one the United States' largest builders of "active adult homes", which are sold under the name of Four Seasons communities.[2]
Kevork Hovnanian stepped down as president of Hovnanian Enterprises in 1989, and was succeeded by his son, Ara K. Hovnanian.[4] He remained chief executive until his retirement in 1997, and was also replaced as CEO by Ara Hovnanian.[4] However, he remained the chairman of the company's board of directors until his death in 2009.[4]
Ara Hovnanian is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania Wharton School and led the company through 19 acquisitions of smaller builders from 1999 through the early stages of the housing crisis. The company relied heavily on debt to fund the acquisitions. However, falling property prices has forced the company to write off more than $2.6 billion of its value since 2006. As of October 2015, the company's debt load is $2.1 billion and interest payments amount to $35 million to $40 million per quarter.[6]
Quality[edit]
Hovnanian has been the subject of customer complaints. In a few cases, there have been legitimate construction problems in some Hovnanian houses. For example, in 2005, Hovnanian acknowledged problems in a development in New Jersey after nearly three dozen disgruntled homeowners turned to elected officials when their complaints were ignored.[7]
K. Hovnanian the home builder and the mortgage company are no strangers to controversy. In 2008, the home builder was involved in a class action lawsuit where the plaintiffs alleged their subdivision was built near an old bombing range. The company settled the lawsuit in 2011 for a reported $1.2 million. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
The mortgage company was involved in a class action lawsuit filed in 2007 alleging violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) for removing incentives from home buyers if they opted to use another title insurance provider rather than the Hovnanian-affiliated title insurance company. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
K. Hovnanian Homes has also been the subject of praise from homeowners citing the builders reputation and solid history.[8] Hovnanian has also received numerous awards based on the quality of their construction and high level customer support.[9][10]
External links[edit]

K. Hovnanian Homes Corporate Website
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage LLC - Financial Services
Yahoo! - Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Company Profile
Kevork and Ara Hovnanian, Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.
Reuters Company Profile for (HOV) Hovnanian Enterprises

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h "Hovnanian Enterprises Inc 2014 Annual Report - Form 10-K - December 12, 2014." (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2015-10-18. 
^ a b c Willis, David P. (2009-09-24). "Homebuilder leaves legacy of philanthropy". Asbury Park Press. Archived from the original on 2013-01-17. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ http://www.investor.reuters.wallst.com/stocks/company-profile.asp?rpc=66&ticker=HOV
^ a b c d e f g h i j Meier, Barry (2009-09-25). "Kevork S. Hovnanian, Construction Company Founder, Dies at 86". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ Sims, Gayle Nonan (2007-08-15). "J.S. Hovnanian, New Jersey builder, dies". The Philadelphia Inquirer. Retrieved 2007-09-16. [dead link]
^ Hudson, Kris. "Debt Load Hinders Recovery at Hovnanian". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-28. 
^ "N.J.: State Report Details Homebuilding Flaws". Daily Real Estate News, Realtor Magazine Online. March 23, 2005. 
^ Woman trades noisy neighbor for a peaceful K. Hovnanian Home, Asbury Park Press, app.com, January 13, 2008, accessed February 2, 2008
^ K. Hovnanian Homes Earns National Housing Quality Certification for Outstanding Quality Assurance and Customer Satisfaction, NAHB Research Center, nahbrc.org, September 7, 2006, accessed February 2, 2008
^ Six Quality Methods for Award Winning Performance of National Housing Quality award winners, Toolbase Services, toolbase.org, accessed February 2, 2008







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hovnanian_Enterprises&oldid=792325186"					
Categories: Companies established in 1967Home buildersConstruction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in Monmouth County, New JerseyRed Bank, New Jersey1967 establishments in New JerseyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Հայերեն 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 21:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Hovnanian Enterprises - Wikipedia






















 






Hovnanian Enterprises

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"K. Hovnanian Homes" redirects here. For other uses, see K. Hovnanian Homes (disambiguation).

Hovnanian Enterprises Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: HOV


Industry
Construction


Founded
1959


Headquarters
Red Bank, New Jersey, United States



Key people


Kevork Hovnanian
Founder
Ara K. Hovnanian (Chairman President & CEO)
Thomas J. Pellerito
COO
J. Larry Sorsby
CFO & Executive VP
Brad G. O’Connor
CAO, VP & Corporate Controller

David G. Valiaveedan
VP Finance & Treasurer


Products
Homes
Financial Services


Revenue
 US$ 2.063 billion (2014)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 20.18 million (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$ 307.14 million (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 2.290 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$ -117.80 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

2,006 (October 2014)[1]


Website
www.khov.com


Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. is a United States real estate company which is involved in every aspect of marketing homes, including design, construction and sales. The company works with individual detached housing as well as higher-occupancy dwellings, including townhouses, condominiums and retirement homes. In most cases, the company acquires and develops the land on which these developments are built, but in some geographic regions, Hovnanian offers to build their proprietary house designs on private land. The company consists of two operating groups, homebuilding and financial services, and recently entered the Fortune 500.
Despite some recent financial difficulties due to the 2008–2009 recession and financial crisis, Hovnanian Enterprises remains the sixth largest American homebuilder and the largest homebuilder in New Jersey, as of September 2009.[2]



Contents


1 Company operations
2 History
3 Quality
4 External links
5 References



Company operations[edit]
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. has delivered in excess of 312,000 houses since incorporation including 5,934 homes in fiscal 2014,[1] with base prices ranging from $46,000 to $2,350,000 and averaging about $280,000. It operates in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington DC, and West Virginia.[3] Members of the Hovnanian family, including Ara K. Hovnanian, have voting control over approximately 56% of the votes as of October 31, 2014 equivalent to a stake worth $178 million in 2015.[1]
The company relocated its corporate headquarters to a new building on the banks of the Navesink River in Red Bank, New Jersey, in 2006.[2]
History[edit]
In 1959, Kevork Hovnanian, an ethnic Armenian originally from Iraq, and his three brothers - Hirair Hovnanian, Jirair Hovnanian and Vahak Hovananian - each contributed $1,000 dollars, in addition to $20,000 which they borrowed, to found Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. in a trailer in Toms River, New Jersey.[4]
Hovnanian and his company earned a reputation to selling low cost condos and townhouses, many to first time young homeowners and families.[4] A typical two-bedroom, two bathroom Hovnanian home built in the early 1980s cost approximately $30,000 because Hovnanian eliminated amenities such as communal swimming pools, which other builders used to attract potential buyers.[4] In a New York Times interview in 1983, Hovnanian explained his reasoning for marketing low cost homes in developments without community amenities, "There are limited recreation facilities going in because people have little time for socialization."[4]
In 1964 Jirair Hovnanian split off from his brothers' company and founded his own construction business, J.S. Hovnanian & Sons, of Mount Laurel Township, New Jersey.[5] Hirair and Vahak also left the company by 1969 to found their own enterprises.[4]
Hovnanian Enterprises had built and sold more than 30,000 homes and condos by 1989.[4] An additional 200,000 residences were sold between 1989 and 2009, as the company expanded its construction to include luxury homes, mid-priced homes and retirement communities.[4] It remains one the United States' largest builders of "active adult homes", which are sold under the name of Four Seasons communities.[2]
Kevork Hovnanian stepped down as president of Hovnanian Enterprises in 1989, and was succeeded by his son, Ara K. Hovnanian.[4] He remained chief executive until his retirement in 1997, and was also replaced as CEO by Ara Hovnanian.[4] However, he remained the chairman of the company's board of directors until his death in 2009.[4]
Ara Hovnanian is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania Wharton School and led the company through 19 acquisitions of smaller builders from 1999 through the early stages of the housing crisis. The company relied heavily on debt to fund the acquisitions. However, falling property prices has forced the company to write off more than $2.6 billion of its value since 2006. As of October 2015, the company's debt load is $2.1 billion and interest payments amount to $35 million to $40 million per quarter.[6]
Quality[edit]
Hovnanian has been the subject of customer complaints. In a few cases, there have been legitimate construction problems in some Hovnanian houses. For example, in 2005, Hovnanian acknowledged problems in a development in New Jersey after nearly three dozen disgruntled homeowners turned to elected officials when their complaints were ignored.[7]
K. Hovnanian the home builder and the mortgage company are no strangers to controversy. In 2008, the home builder was involved in a class action lawsuit where the plaintiffs alleged their subdivision was built near an old bombing range. The company settled the lawsuit in 2011 for a reported $1.2 million. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
The mortgage company was involved in a class action lawsuit filed in 2007 alleging violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) for removing incentives from home buyers if they opted to use another title insurance provider rather than the Hovnanian-affiliated title insurance company. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
K. Hovnanian Homes has also been the subject of praise from homeowners citing the builders reputation and solid history.[8] Hovnanian has also received numerous awards based on the quality of their construction and high level customer support.[9][10]
External links[edit]

K. Hovnanian Homes Corporate Website
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage LLC - Financial Services
Yahoo! - Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Company Profile
Kevork and Ara Hovnanian, Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.
Reuters Company Profile for (HOV) Hovnanian Enterprises

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h "Hovnanian Enterprises Inc 2014 Annual Report - Form 10-K - December 12, 2014." (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2015-10-18. 
^ a b c Willis, David P. (2009-09-24). "Homebuilder leaves legacy of philanthropy". Asbury Park Press. Archived from the original on 2013-01-17. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ http://www.investor.reuters.wallst.com/stocks/company-profile.asp?rpc=66&ticker=HOV
^ a b c d e f g h i j Meier, Barry (2009-09-25). "Kevork S. Hovnanian, Construction Company Founder, Dies at 86". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ Sims, Gayle Nonan (2007-08-15). "J.S. Hovnanian, New Jersey builder, dies". The Philadelphia Inquirer. Retrieved 2007-09-16. [dead link]
^ Hudson, Kris. "Debt Load Hinders Recovery at Hovnanian". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-28. 
^ "N.J.: State Report Details Homebuilding Flaws". Daily Real Estate News, Realtor Magazine Online. March 23, 2005. 
^ Woman trades noisy neighbor for a peaceful K. Hovnanian Home, Asbury Park Press, app.com, January 13, 2008, accessed February 2, 2008
^ K. Hovnanian Homes Earns National Housing Quality Certification for Outstanding Quality Assurance and Customer Satisfaction, NAHB Research Center, nahbrc.org, September 7, 2006, accessed February 2, 2008
^ Six Quality Methods for Award Winning Performance of National Housing Quality award winners, Toolbase Services, toolbase.org, accessed February 2, 2008







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hovnanian_Enterprises&oldid=792325186"					
Categories: Companies established in 1967Home buildersConstruction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in Monmouth County, New JerseyRed Bank, New Jersey1967 establishments in New JerseyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Հայերեն 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 21:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















	Ara K Hovnanian, CEO of
	Hovnanian Enterprises
	(HOV), Earns
	$13.4 mil
	















');
}


if( partner == 'netscape' ) {
   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=earthlink') != -1) {
   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=msnbc') != -1) {
   var _rsCI='us-forbes';
   var _rsCG='msnbc_hat_test';
   var _rsDT=1;
   var _rsSI=escape(window.location);
   var _rsLP=location.protocol.indexOf('https')>-1?'https:':'http:';
   var _rsRP=escape(document.referrer);
   var _rsND=_rsLP+'//.com/';

   if (parseInt(navigator.appVersion)>=4) {
      var _rsRD=(new Date()).getTime();
      var _rsSE=1;
      var _rsSV='';
      var _rsSM=1.0;
      _rsCL='';
   } 
   else {
      _rsCL='';
   }
   //document.write(_rsCL);

   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=compuserve') != -1) {
   document.write('');
}

// -->













 



















































 


 

 



 


Jump

 | Free Trial Issue




Search
 Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Small Business

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Entrepreneurs
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes 500s
--Forbes Global 500
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World's Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Columnists

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Forbes ASAP
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising
























U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS

















Home > 

Lists
 > 


    
        

Executive Pay
      


 > Ara K Hovnanian
		















   

    2004
  
   

    2005
  
  







			                        
		      
		          < Previous
 			        
			        
			        
			        
			        


Next
 			     
			     
			     
			     
			     >
		        
		   










Ara K Hovnanian

			Total Compensation: $13.4 mil
(#99)

5-Year Compensation Total: $43,318 thou


		 
Ara K Hovnanian has been CEO of Hovnanian Enterprises (HOV) for 
 
8 years.
	
 Mr. Hovnanian has been with the company for
 
26 years
	
 
	.
	

The 47 year old executive ranks 8 within

	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
Construction

Education
College: Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania  


  ' 79
 

Graduate School: Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania MBA 


  ' 79
 

 
		

      




 



Performance Vs. Pay
Rank: 11 / 189
   

Hovnanian Enterprises's6-Year Annual Total Return (%)
	       


55




Mr. Hovnanian's6-Year Average Compensation
	           $7,463 thou
6-Year Return Relative to Industry


120




6-Year Return Relative to Market


156



Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.

      

 Accounting-Governance Rankings   Average




Ara K Hovnanian's Compensation Vs. Construction Medians



Salary ($thou)



1,111

      



1,000



Bonus ($thou)
7,697
6,358


Other ($thou)
4,600
2,966


Stock Gains ($thou)
0
1,140



Total Compensation ($thou)
13,407

14,135


Data Contributor
 




Hovnanian Enterprises 

(HOV: quote, news, executives)

	      PO Box 500
	      Red Bank, NJ 07701
	      Ph: 732-747-7800
	      Fax: 732-747-7159
http://www.khov.com




Ara K Hovnanian's Ownership Of Hovnanian Enterprises
Construction Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

				 
				   8.36 

0.90


Stock Owned

				 
				   261.1 

68.7

 

Hovnanian Enterprises's Stock Performance
Construction Medians



Total Return During Tenure (%)
42


Relative to Market
136






 


			                        
		      
		          < Previous
 			        
			        
			        
			        
			        


Next
 			     
			     
			     
			     
			     >
		        
		   











Associated Companies:

Hovnanian Enterprises  

# 1,329 on Forbes 2000

     
 

	 


        


    

          # 1,454 on Forbes 2000

     
 

	 


         
          # 432 on Forbes 500s 2003
          

	  

            
                
 










   






Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.
Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score.
Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and
six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least
efficient is 189.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based
on Mar. 31, 2005 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on
combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers
the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available
stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested
in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P500.
NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful. 1Annualized.
2Four-year total. 3Three-year total. 4Less than 0.01%. 5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000. 8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of
portion of salary. 9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of
portion of bonus. 10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; Audit Integrity (www.auditintegrity.com); FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc. (www.hemscottdata.com)
















SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information   
   	Forbes.com Wireless   
   	Reprints/Permissions   
   	Subscriber Services   
   	
   	© 2005 Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved   
        Privacy Statement   
   	Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By





        Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
	
        U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer

        Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
        

        News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
        

Exchange trademark and copyright notices.




Powered By


Financial News - Business News

Financial News - Business News
Investment Newsletter - Financial Newsletters - Stock Newsletter
Polls & Discussions
Financial Tools - Stock Trading Tool - Investing Tool - Planning Tools
Special 
  Reports
Video News - Financial Video Reports

Business News - Business Information
Retail News - Commerce News - Retail Industry News
Energy News - Utility News - Energy Industry News
Health Care News - Healthcare News - Health Care Industry News
Manufacturing News - Supply Chain News - Manufacturing Industry News
Business Services News - Service Industry News - Services Industry News
Technology News - Information Technology News - Tech News

Technology News - Tech News
E-Business
Enterprise Tech
Future Tech
Networks
Personal 
  Tech
Sciences and Medicine

Stock Market News - World Markets - Stock Quotes
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities

Personal Finance - Personal Finances - Financial Advise
Estate Planning
Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement
Strategies
Taxes

Lifestyle
Collecting
Health and Fitness
Real Estate
Sports
Travel
Vehicles
Wine 
  & Food
Business and Finance Magazines
Forbes Magazine
Forbes Global
Forbes FYI
Forbes ASAP
Best of the Web
Archives
Subscriptions
Columnists
Forbes Pemium Services
Business Services
Forbes Services
Investing Services
Lifestyle Services

Forbes Lists - Award List - People List
People
100 Top 
  Celebrities  |  400 Richest 
  Americans  |  The 
  World's Billionaires  |  Big Bosses 
  & Paychecks  |  Midas List 
   |  China's 
  100 Richest Business People 
   
Companies
Forbes 500s 
   |  200 Best Small Companies 
   |  400 Best Big Companies 
   |  500 Largest Privates 
   |  International 500 
   |  The Global 
  A-List 
   
Places
Forbes/Milken Best Places 
   |  Best Cities 
  for Singles  |  Best Business 
  Restaurants  |  World's 
  Ten Best Airport Lounges  |  World's Best 
  Beach Resorts
Career Information - Career News - Work News
Forbes.com: Careers
Forbes.com: Compensation
Forbes.com: Entrepreneurs
Forbes.com: Management






















Hovnanian Enterprises - Wikipedia






















 






Hovnanian Enterprises

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"K. Hovnanian Homes" redirects here. For other uses, see K. Hovnanian Homes (disambiguation).

Hovnanian Enterprises Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: HOV


Industry
Construction


Founded
1959


Headquarters
Red Bank, New Jersey, United States



Key people


Kevork Hovnanian
Founder
Ara K. Hovnanian (Chairman President & CEO)
Thomas J. Pellerito
COO
J. Larry Sorsby
CFO & Executive VP
Brad G. O’Connor
CAO, VP & Corporate Controller

David G. Valiaveedan
VP Finance & Treasurer


Products
Homes
Financial Services


Revenue
 US$ 2.063 billion (2014)[1]



Operating income

 US$ 20.18 million (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$ 307.14 million (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 2.290 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$ -117.80 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

2,006 (October 2014)[1]


Website
www.khov.com


Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. is a United States real estate company which is involved in every aspect of marketing homes, including design, construction and sales. The company works with individual detached housing as well as higher-occupancy dwellings, including townhouses, condominiums and retirement homes. In most cases, the company acquires and develops the land on which these developments are built, but in some geographic regions, Hovnanian offers to build their proprietary house designs on private land. The company consists of two operating groups, homebuilding and financial services, and recently entered the Fortune 500.
Despite some recent financial difficulties due to the 2008–2009 recession and financial crisis, Hovnanian Enterprises remains the sixth largest American homebuilder and the largest homebuilder in New Jersey, as of September 2009.[2]



Contents


1 Company operations
2 History
3 Quality
4 External links
5 References



Company operations[edit]
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. has delivered in excess of 312,000 houses since incorporation including 5,934 homes in fiscal 2014,[1] with base prices ranging from $46,000 to $2,350,000 and averaging about $280,000. It operates in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington DC, and West Virginia.[3] Members of the Hovnanian family, including Ara K. Hovnanian, have voting control over approximately 56% of the votes as of October 31, 2014 equivalent to a stake worth $178 million in 2015.[1]
The company relocated its corporate headquarters to a new building on the banks of the Navesink River in Red Bank, New Jersey, in 2006.[2]
History[edit]
In 1959, Kevork Hovnanian, an ethnic Armenian originally from Iraq, and his three brothers - Hirair Hovnanian, Jirair Hovnanian and Vahak Hovananian - each contributed $1,000 dollars, in addition to $20,000 which they borrowed, to found Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. in a trailer in Toms River, New Jersey.[4]
Hovnanian and his company earned a reputation to selling low cost condos and townhouses, many to first time young homeowners and families.[4] A typical two-bedroom, two bathroom Hovnanian home built in the early 1980s cost approximately $30,000 because Hovnanian eliminated amenities such as communal swimming pools, which other builders used to attract potential buyers.[4] In a New York Times interview in 1983, Hovnanian explained his reasoning for marketing low cost homes in developments without community amenities, "There are limited recreation facilities going in because people have little time for socialization."[4]
In 1964 Jirair Hovnanian split off from his brothers' company and founded his own construction business, J.S. Hovnanian & Sons, of Mount Laurel Township, New Jersey.[5] Hirair and Vahak also left the company by 1969 to found their own enterprises.[4]
Hovnanian Enterprises had built and sold more than 30,000 homes and condos by 1989.[4] An additional 200,000 residences were sold between 1989 and 2009, as the company expanded its construction to include luxury homes, mid-priced homes and retirement communities.[4] It remains one the United States' largest builders of "active adult homes", which are sold under the name of Four Seasons communities.[2]
Kevork Hovnanian stepped down as president of Hovnanian Enterprises in 1989, and was succeeded by his son, Ara K. Hovnanian.[4] He remained chief executive until his retirement in 1997, and was also replaced as CEO by Ara Hovnanian.[4] However, he remained the chairman of the company's board of directors until his death in 2009.[4]
Ara Hovnanian is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania Wharton School and led the company through 19 acquisitions of smaller builders from 1999 through the early stages of the housing crisis. The company relied heavily on debt to fund the acquisitions. However, falling property prices has forced the company to write off more than $2.6 billion of its value since 2006. As of October 2015, the company's debt load is $2.1 billion and interest payments amount to $35 million to $40 million per quarter.[6]
Quality[edit]
Hovnanian has been the subject of customer complaints. In a few cases, there have been legitimate construction problems in some Hovnanian houses. For example, in 2005, Hovnanian acknowledged problems in a development in New Jersey after nearly three dozen disgruntled homeowners turned to elected officials when their complaints were ignored.[7]
K. Hovnanian the home builder and the mortgage company are no strangers to controversy. In 2008, the home builder was involved in a class action lawsuit where the plaintiffs alleged their subdivision was built near an old bombing range. The company settled the lawsuit in 2011 for a reported $1.2 million. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
The mortgage company was involved in a class action lawsuit filed in 2007 alleging violations of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) for removing incentives from home buyers if they opted to use another title insurance provider rather than the Hovnanian-affiliated title insurance company. (source: http://themortgageinsider.net/mortgage-reviews/k-hovnanian-american-mortgage-review.html).
K. Hovnanian Homes has also been the subject of praise from homeowners citing the builders reputation and solid history.[8] Hovnanian has also received numerous awards based on the quality of their construction and high level customer support.[9][10]
External links[edit]

K. Hovnanian Homes Corporate Website
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage LLC - Financial Services
Yahoo! - Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Company Profile
Kevork and Ara Hovnanian, Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.
Reuters Company Profile for (HOV) Hovnanian Enterprises

References[edit]



^ a b c d e f g h "Hovnanian Enterprises Inc 2014 Annual Report - Form 10-K - December 12, 2014." (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2015-10-18. 
^ a b c Willis, David P. (2009-09-24). "Homebuilder leaves legacy of philanthropy". Asbury Park Press. Archived from the original on 2013-01-17. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ http://www.investor.reuters.wallst.com/stocks/company-profile.asp?rpc=66&ticker=HOV
^ a b c d e f g h i j Meier, Barry (2009-09-25). "Kevork S. Hovnanian, Construction Company Founder, Dies at 86". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-10-19. 
^ Sims, Gayle Nonan (2007-08-15). "J.S. Hovnanian, New Jersey builder, dies". The Philadelphia Inquirer. Retrieved 2007-09-16. [dead link]
^ Hudson, Kris. "Debt Load Hinders Recovery at Hovnanian". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-28. 
^ "N.J.: State Report Details Homebuilding Flaws". Daily Real Estate News, Realtor Magazine Online. March 23, 2005. 
^ Woman trades noisy neighbor for a peaceful K. Hovnanian Home, Asbury Park Press, app.com, January 13, 2008, accessed February 2, 2008
^ K. Hovnanian Homes Earns National Housing Quality Certification for Outstanding Quality Assurance and Customer Satisfaction, NAHB Research Center, nahbrc.org, September 7, 2006, accessed February 2, 2008
^ Six Quality Methods for Award Winning Performance of National Housing Quality award winners, Toolbase Services, toolbase.org, accessed February 2, 2008







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hovnanian_Enterprises&oldid=792325186"					
Categories: Companies established in 1967Home buildersConstruction and civil engineering companies of the United StatesCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in Monmouth County, New JerseyRed Bank, New Jersey1967 establishments in New JerseyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Հայերեն 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 21:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











	Why Choose K. Hovnanian® Homes



















Home








FIND YOUR NEW HOME



Active Lifestyle
Build On Your Lot
Why Choose Us
Finance Your Home
Contact Us




Investor Relations
Careers
Homeowner Services
Site Map












Menu








Why Choose Us

We are a company devoted to buildingcommunities of excellence.
K. Hovnanian® Homes is heir to a history of solid success, financial strength, award-winning standards of homebuilding quality and an authentic commitment to customer satisfaction.









Our History



































Why Choose Us


We are a company devoted to building communities of excellence.

The value of a priceless heritage is measured by the purpose and dedication of its heirs. K. Hovnanian® Homes is heir to a history of solid success, financial strength, award-winning standards of homebuilding quality and an authentic commitment to customer satisfaction. Sharing this heritage with you, as your homebuilder, is both our mission and our privilege.















Financial Strength

It is important to know that the  company building your home has built a sound legacy of business success.  Hovnanian Enterprises®, Inc. began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in 2001 and has continually grown in financial strength to rank among the top ten homebuilding companies in America.  This strength assures you that your home and neighborhood are the results of our dedication and commitment.






Financial Strength

"Like the deep roots of an old oak tree, our financial strength has demonstrated profound stability and uncompromising growth." 
Ara K. Hovnanian

Your life has taught you that experience matters.  That's why K. Hovnanian® Homes' legacy of homebuilding makes a difference.  For over fifty years, we've shown how a family-run, publicly-traded business can flourish when an outstanding job is done.  

As we create communities nationwide, we study how people's lives change to gain a personal understanding of our customer's needs.  That's why our communities feel so fulfilling, familiar, fresh and new.  
 








Homebuyer Stories




ALL STATES

















The K. Hovnanian®
Advantage


Heritage

To succeed for more than 50 years as a company, it helps to have a clear vision of what you stand for. Back in 1959, our Founder, Kevork S. Hovnanian gave us just that when he created K. Hovnanian® Homes.  We know that your home is the foundation of your family's lifestyle, and we honor that philosophy by making sure your new home meets your every desire.  We are especially pleased by the number of our homeowners who have purchased their second, third or subsequent K. Hovnanian® home - an honor that underscores their confidence in us.  Now in its second generation of family leadership, K. Hovnanian® Homes continues to be  known as "The First Name in Lasting Value®."






The Importance of
Customer Satisfaction


Commitment

It is our promise to pursue excellence in everything we do to meet our homebuyers' expectations. Our Associates are available to answer questions and make the homebuying experience a positive one.  We strive to always delight our customers with our products and services.






It's All About
Choice


Variety

In towns and cities throughout America, we have been translating ideas into blueprints and dreams into homes. Utilizing state-of-the-art technologies, construction methods and materials, our experienced architects, designers and  planners create homes to meet your every need. From the big city attitude of a dazzling urban retreat, to beautiful suburban townhome neighborhoods, charming single family home communities and the ultimate resort-at-home active adult lifestyle, we have exciting home designs to suit your taste, budget and desires.






The Perfect
Location


Home

You can customize a home but you can't change the location. Where you live is as important as how you live. Our land acquisition specialists search for the best areas to plan communities that are conveniently located and take advantage of the natural terrain. We build homes in the school districts you want for your children, close to shopping, medical facilities, entertainment and cultural activities. For over 50 years, families have trusted K. Hovnanian® to create the perfect place to call home. 






Lasting
Quality & Value 


Timeless

Our relationships with industry professionals let us purchase quality materials, in quantity, from the most reliable sources. This means that you get a superior quality home at the best possible value.  Our reputation is proof that superior quality and value are the cornerstones of success. This is why K. Hovnanian® Homes® is now, and has been for over fifty years, "The First Name In Lasting Value®."






Solid
Relationships


Integrity

From the beginning it has always been about relationships. Much of the company's foundation was built on trust and a handshake.  Mr. Hovnanian always believed that building a good relationship was essential to building a good home.  Whether you’re a homebuyer, contractor, real estate agent or vendor, this simple message stands at the center of everything we do.






It  All Comes Down to
Reputation


Impeccable

In 1959 our Founder, Kevork S. Hovnanian (pictured with his son, Ara), came to a new land with a dream: to build a home for his family, and for all families seeking a better life. Although we were greatly saddened by his passing in 2009, his dream inspires us every day, and his integrity and legacy continue to guide us as we come together to build homes and communities for each and every family who puts their trust in us. With communities in over 17 states, K. Hovnanian® Homes® has established a reputation as one of the nation’s most respected homebuilders.  Whether you are  purchasing your first home, moving up to a larger residence to accommodate your growing family, seeking an upscale mid-rise condominium or country estate, or considering a new home on your own land, K. Hovnanian® will help you find the home of your dreams.






There's Nothing More Important than
Family


Yours

We build your home as we would build our own, with the utmost care, excellent materials and according to exacting standards. We consider everyone we come into contact with to be an essential part of our family. This includes not just the homebuyers we serve, but our Associates, trade partners and the communities in which we build. Now in its second generation of family leadership, it has been our privilege to build over 310,000 homes for families just like yours across the Nation. It would be our honor to do the same for you.















We Give Back

K. Hovnanian® Companies, LLC
Donates $1 Million to
9/11 Relief Efforts

On behalf of its Associates and business partners, Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. committed $1 million toward relief efforts for those impacted by the terrorist attacks. The Company was proud to say their Associates and business partners also volunteered to make contributions toward the relief effort as well. 






State-of-the-Art
Heart Center

In January of 2010, a state-of-the-art Heart Center at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia opened. The Clinical Cardiology Center on the 4th floor of the Heart Center building was made possible by a gift from the Hovnanian family. The new facility provides comprehensive and unmatched services in heart care, making it one of the top heart care centers in the world.






Riverview Medical Center's
K. Hovnanian® Pavilion

The creation of Riverview's Alton A. Hovnanian Emergency Care Center began early in 2003, requiring a new wing be added to the existing hospital. The wing, called the K. Hovnanian® Pavilion, houses a new and expanded Critical Care Center. Both the Emergency Care Center and the Critical Care Center include the most advanced patient monitoring technology in the area as well as vast improvements in both the size of the treatment rooms and comfort of environment. 






K. Hovnanian
Children's Hospital

In 2006, the children's hospital located in Jersey Shore University Medical Center in Neptune, NJ, became the first state-designated children's hospital in the bi-county area and was renamed K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Kevork S. Hovnanian's generosity. The designation recognizes years of advanced pediatric clinical care services provided by Jersey Shore. In 2008, the Children's Hospital expanded to include a teen lounge, a satellite nursing station, and additional pediatric rooms, bringing its total number of beds up to 31 (plus a six bed pediatric intensive care unit). The remainder of the rooms received an aesthetic overhaul, with family friendly features, such as flat-screen televisions.






K. Hovnanian
Pediatric Department

In the summer of 2009, K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital opened a dedicated pediatric Emergency Department as part of Jersey Shore University Hospital's $300 million transformation project. The emergency department now has a separate entrance and triage area, as well as 10-12 pediatric beds.









Questions?



Contact Us





Corporate


Investor Relations


Careers


Finance Your Home





See All
HOME BUYER TESTIMONIALS




















We build new homes in the following locations

ArizonaPhoenixScottsdaleCaliforniaOrange CountySacramentoSouthern CaliforniaDelawareBethany BeachMiddletownFloridaOrlandoTampaSouth FloridaGeorgiaPoolerRichmond HillIllinoisChicagoNapervillePlainfieldMarylandAnnapolisBaltimoreNew JerseyWest New YorkMonmouth CountyMiddlesex CountyOhioClevelandNorthern OhioPennsylvaniaWestern PennsylvaniaSouth CarolinaBlufftonHilton Head IslandCharlestonTexasDallasFort WorthHoustonVirginiaNorthern VirginiaWashington DCWashington D.C.West VirginiaWest VirginiaJefferson County



Equal Housing Opportunity | Terms & Conditions | © 2017 K. Hovnanian® Companies, LLC.


















Hovnanian, Ara K. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Ara K. Hovnanian
ARA K. HOVNANIAN is President and Chief Executive Officer of
Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Mr. Hovnanian has been Chief
Executive Officer since 1997, after being appointed President in
1988 and Executive Vice President in 1983. Hovnanian Enterprises,
Inc., is the ninth largest homebuilder in the United States and
expects to deliver more than 11,000 homes in its current fiscal
year.  Mr. Hovnanian joined the company in 1979 following
completion of his joint undergraduate and graduate work at The
Wharton School in Philadelphia. He graduated summa cum laude with
degrees in accounting, finance and real estate. Mr. Hovnanian
serves as a member of the Advisory Council of PNC Bank and spends
a significant amount of time working with several charitable
organizations. He served on New Jersey’s Council on Affordable
Housing for Governor Thomas Kean in 1985 and for Governor James
J. Florio in 1990. Governor Christie Todd Whitman appointed him
as a member of the Governor’s Economic Master Plan Commission in
1994.
Related Interviews:Ara Hovnanian - Hovnanian Enterprises Inc (hov)October 13, 2003Ara Hovnanian - Hovnanian Enterprises Inc (hov)March 11, 2002Ara Hovnanian - Hovnanian Enterprises Inc (hov)August 13, 2001Ara Hovnanian -  Hovnanian Enterprises Inc (hov)October 02, 2000







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












