

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Howe and Rusling, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:13 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Howe and Rusling, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Howe and Rusling, Inc. (H&R) is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning with emphasis on retirement planning and income analysis and estate planning services. It primarily provides its services to individuals (including high net worth individuals) and institutions. The firm also manages accounts for investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, self-insurance trusts, and not-for-profit organizations, including endowments, colleges, and churches. It manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the p...
Howe and Rusling, Inc. (H&R) is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning with emphasis on retirement planning and income analysis and estate planning services. It primarily provides its services to individuals (including high net worth individuals) and institutions. The firm also manages accounts for investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, self-insurance trusts, and not-for-profit organizations, including endowments, colleges, and churches. It manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm also manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm invests in value of large-cap companies to make its investments. For fixed income, it invests in treasury bills, agency investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds, and mortgage backed securities. The firm employs a quantitative and qualitative analysis with top-down approach to make its investments. Howe and Rusling, Inc. was founded in 1930 and is based in Rochester, New York, with additional offices in Syracuse, New York and Nashville, Tennessee.
Detailed Description


120 East AvenueRochester, NY 14604-2561United StatesFounded in 1930



Phone: 585-325-4140

Fax: 585-325-7361

www.howeandrusling.com







Key Executives for Howe and Rusling, Inc.




Mr. Craig Douglas Crains


      	President, Chief Compliance Officer, & Co-Chairman
      








Mr. Thomas Griswold Rusling CFA


      	Co-Chairman and Investment Management Consultant
      








Mr. Samuel Rose King


      	Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Robert Joseph Prorok


      	Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Casey D. Ryan


      	Vice President and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Howe and Rusling, Inc., please visit www.howeandrusling.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Howe & Rusling, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Howe & Rusling, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Political Donations Holdings & Top Positions



Howe & Rusling, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1930




Headquarters


120 East Avenue, Rochester, NY 14604-2561




Employees (Worldwide)


16




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Howe & Rusling mainly offers large-cap equity and intermediate fixed income investment management strategies. The firm researches security selection, and tactical asset class and sector allocations. They assist clients with some financial planning and on occasion use outside asset managers and ETFs, but their primary focus is on security selection.Howe & Rusling has three main equity strategies: Core Equity, Equity Income and Concentrated Equity. Their Core Equity portfolio is a diversified portfolio of approximately 30 large-cap equities. The firm's Equity Income portfolio is a portfolio of approximately 30 higher dividend equities, intended for clients looking to increase their portfolio income, or reduce their portfolio volatility. Howe & Rusling's Concentrated Equity portfolio is a non-diversified portfolio holding 6 to 8 of their core equity positions, intended for smaller and more aggressive investors.Howe & Rusling's fixed income analysts use a combination of macroeconomic analysis & forecasting, proprietary modeling, sector-specific research, and financial reporting analysis. All securities are considered based on their yield to maturity, risk/reward profile, their liquidity, their optionality, and how they fit into each portfolio. The firm's primary fixed income expertise is in the Treasury, Agency, Investment Grade Corporate, Municipal, and Agency Mortgage Backed sectors.




Website


http://www.howeandrusling.com






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Craig Douglas Cairns

Chairman, President & Chief Compliance Officer




Fran Norman

Head Receptionist





Vincent A. Russo

Vice President, Director of Fixed Income Research




Mary Lisa Sisson

Vice President, Director of Client Services





Casey D. Ryan

Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager




Samuel Rose King

Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager





Robert Joseph Prorok

Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager




Stefan Kip Astheimer

Vice President, Strategy





Brett Lloyd Winnefeld

Vice President, Senior Equity Analyst




Tom Sauer

Portfolio Operations Manager







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Craig Douglas Cairns

Chairman, President & Chief Compliance Officer at Howe & Rusling, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Howe & Rusling, Inc.



                        Howe & Rusling, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Howe & Rusling, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Howe & Rusling, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Political Donations



$2,500

                                    2010
                                


Carl P. Paladino


                                    Director at Buffalo Place, Inc.                                





 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Howe & Rusling Inc 2808 NE 65th Ave Vancouver, WA Nonclassified Establishments - MapQuest







































































































    Howe & Rusling Inc
  

2808 NE 65th Ave

Vancouver
WA
98661




 Reviews



(585) 325-4140
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Howe And Rusling : H&R | ETF Portfolios - Exchange Traded Fund Strategy | Rochester NY



























Home>About Us>Our Approach>ETF







About Us

Service CommitmentOur Approach

ETFFixed IncomeEquity

PublicationsOur TeamQ & ACareersCommunity

Individuals

RetirementAccumulating WealthTransitioning To RetirementEnjoying Retirement

Institutions

InsuranceMoney Market AlternativesNot-For-Profit Organizations

Contact Us

Consultation RequestsHeadquarters









About UsOur ApproachETFFixed IncomeEquity







Bob Prorok, Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager
Brett Winnefeld, Vice President, Director of Equity Research








Our Approach to ETF Investment Management

                    

In addition to our core equity and fixed income portfolios, Howe & Rusling also offers ETF portfolios. The purpose of our ETF portfolios is to allow our clients with smaller accounts to achieve the diversification and sector allocations of our larger clients, without sustaining a disproportionate amount of transaction charges. We also use ETFs in many of our core accounts to achieve extra exposure to certain sectors of the market, such as international equities or gold. The advantage of using Howe & Rusling to manage your ETFs is in our understanding of the product and the market. ETFs are selected to follow specific sectors and are judged on past performance, liquidity, and expense ratios. Our relationships with and knowledge of ETF providers enables Howe & Rusling to avoid unattractive ETF prices and target the most beneficial ETFs for our needs. The portfolio is consistently monitored by the Howe & Rusling equity team who change the sector weightings in accordance with their view of the market. Therefore, our ETF portfolios adapt quickly to changing market conditions. Howe & Rusling offers several ETF portfolios, each catering to different needs and risk preferences:ETF 1 Portfolio: Comprised of 10 to 14 ETFs to follow a blended “all-world approach” tactically weighted towards specific sectors.ETF 2 Portfolio: Comprised of 5 to 7 ETFs, this portfolio attempts follow our ETF 1 portfolio as closely as possible holding only half the securites. ETF 2 is used for our clients’ smallest portfolios, such as accounts established for children.Fixed Income ETF: Comprised of 3 to 5 ETFs to provide small accounts with short to intermediate duration fixed income exposure.Balanced ETF Portfolio: Blends our ETF1 or 2 portfolio with our Fixed Income ETF Porfolio according to an individual's risk preference.


Interested in our ETF portfolios?  Contact a Howe & Rusling Portfolio ManagerOr email Howe & Rusling





How do ETFs work?You probably use ETFs in your portfolio, but how much do you really know about them?  To learn more about ETFs check out our white paper about the construction of ETFs







SITE MAP LEGAL DISCLAIMERS  ABOUT US CAREERS CONTACT US FORM ADV PART 2


© 2015 Howe and Rusling, Inc.











Howe And Rusling, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Howe And Rusling, Inc.


Howe And Rusling, Inc.
(CRD# 104627) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Rochester, NY.
They
manage $869,116,054 in 1,771 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 22 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Howe And Rusling, Inc.




120 East Ave,
Rochester,
NY
14604
585-325-4140
http://www.howeandrusling.com




http://www.howeandrusling.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

869
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,771
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$490,749







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Publication of periodicals or newsletters
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, IL, KY, MA, ME, MI, NC, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WA






Financial Advisors at Howe And Rusling, Inc.




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Samuel R. King



CRD#:
2201237



120 East Ave,
Rochester,
NY
14604




93

Wealthminder
score








Samuel King (CRD# 2201237) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Howe And Rusling, Inc. in Rochester, NY and has 
over 25 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Robert J. Prorok



CRD#:
1824505



120 East Ave,
Rochester,
NY
14604




87

Wealthminder
score








Robert Prorok (CRD# 1824505) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Howe And Rusling, Inc. in Rochester, NY and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now















Howe And Rusling : H&R | Our Team at Howe and Rusling | Rochester NY



























Home>About Us>Our Team







About Us

Service CommitmentOur Approach

ETFFixed IncomeEquity

PublicationsOur TeamQ & ACareersCommunity

Individuals

RetirementAccumulating WealthTransitioning To RetirementEnjoying Retirement

Institutions

InsuranceMoney Market AlternativesNot-For-Profit Organizations

Contact Us

Consultation RequestsHeadquarters









About UsService CommitmentOur ApproachPublicationsOur TeamQ&ACareersCommunity
















The Howe and Rusling Team

          Craig D. Cairns 	President, Chairman, and Chief Compliance Officer	  Read More >           Stefan Kip Astheimer	Vice President, Strategy	 Read More >     Steve CarlDirector, Senior Portfolio ManagerRead More >    Emily LambertOperations ManagerRead More >     Ben McCubbinFixed Income AssociateRead More >    Elizabeth Perry Portfolio Operations Manager Read More >     Sarah M. Potter Manager, Client ExperienceRead More >      Robert J. Prorok Vice President,Senior Portfolio Manager	Read More >    Vince Russo Vice President,Director of Fixed Income Research	Read More >     Casey D. Ryan Vice President,Senior Portfolio Manager	Read More >      Tom Sauer Equity AnalystRead More >    Mary Lisa SissonVice President, Director of Client Services Read More >     Karen SpinelloReceptionistNancy Sutton Client Service ManagerRead More >   Ryan Tomko Relationship ManagerRead More >    Brett Winnefeld Vice President,Senior Equity AnalystRead More >         


2013 H&R Team PhotoClick to Enlarge >







SITE MAP LEGAL DISCLAIMERS  ABOUT US CAREERS CONTACT US FORM ADV PART 2


© 2015 Howe and Rusling, Inc.









