

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Wynnie Huang Johnson - Sammamish, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Wynnie Huang Johnson in Sammamish, WA


Wynnie Huang Johnson

                                                                                       Intelius found that Wynnie Huang Johnson  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Sammamish, WA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Wynnie Wen-Yee Huang


Get Report Now

Age

Wynnie Huang Johnson is in her 40s

Wynnie Has Lived In

Sammamish, WA
Ithaca, NY
Vestal, NY

Wynnie's Relatives

Chwen Huang
Shirley Huang
Brian Johnson
Chia Huang







Wynnie Huang Johnson



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Attorney at The Law Office of Wynnie Johnson, PLLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Wynnie? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Wynnie, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Wynnie Huang Johnson
Get a Criminal Check on Wynnie Huang Johnson
Get a Public Record Report on Wynnie Huang Johnson
Get a People Search Report on Wynnie Huang Johnson


Wynnie Huang Johnson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Wynnie Huang Johnson has lived as well as Wynnie Huang Johnson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Wynnie Huang Johnson Has Lived in 3 States
Washington Address for Wynnie Huang Johnson


1111 2**** P* S* 

Sammamish, WA


Has Lived In

Sammamish, WA
Ithaca, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Wynnie Huang Johnson

(425) ***-**** - Sammamish, WA 
() ***-**** - Issaquah, WA 
(425) ***-**** - Issaquah, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Wynnie Huang Johnson



Get Email Report




Wynnie Huang Johnson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Wynnie Huang Johnson's academic history.  Find out which schools Wynnie Huang Johnson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Wynnie Huang Johnson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Wynnie Huang Johnson Has Attended 6 Schools
Santa Clara University 1998 – 2001               Wynnie Huang Johnson has a J.d. in Law               
Santa Clara University               1998 – 2001               Wynnie Huang Johnson has a J.d., in Law               
Santa Clara University               1998 – 2001               Wynnie Huang Johnson has a J.d., Law in Law               
Cornell University               1994 – 1998               Wynnie Huang Johnson has a B.S. in Human Development and Family Studies               
Cornell University               1994 – 1998               Wynnie Huang Johnson has a B.s., in Human Development and Family Studies               
Cornell University               1994 – 1998               Wynnie Huang Johnson has a B.s., Human Development and Family Studies in Human Development and Family Studies               


Wynnie Huang Johnson's Professional Information
Information regarding Wynnie Huang Johnson's professional history.  Find out previous places Wynnie Huang Johnson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Wynnie Huang Johnson Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: The Law Office of Wynnie Johnson, PLLC
               Title: Attorney
Company: B. Gordon & Associates
               Title: Attorney
Wynnie Huang Johnson's Experience
Title: Attorney
               Company: The Law Office of Wynnie Johnson, PLLC
Job Details

Title: Attorney
               Company: B. Gordon & Associates
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Wynnie Huang Johnson

 See Wynnie Huang Johnson's LinkedIn Profile



Wynnie Huang Johnson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Wynnie Huang Johnson


Wynnie Huang Johnson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Wynnie Huang Johnson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Wynnie Johnson
Username Matches

                  WynnieJohnson
                  JohnsonWynnie
                  Wynnie.Johnson
                  Johnson.Wynnie
                  Wynnie_Johnson
                  Johnson_Wynnie
                  Wynnie-Johnson
                  Johnson-Wynnie
                  WJohnson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Johnson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















 hank h. huang 





§Made In Xerox is a selected art and design projects initiated by Hank H. Huang between year 2002 to 2015. Images shown here are intended to demonstrate my capability in crafting visual forms.For recent projects, please contact me and request access to mixux.comemail:hankhhuang@outlook.com✖no linkedinno fackbook
viaggio14work in progress...
Type Specimen Book30 typefaces, assigned by Simon Johnston. Designing a type specimen book is the exercise I would recommend to anyone who is interested in type setting. Simon is the most influential typography professor I trained under.I worked with him as design assistant for several years. Here is a link opens up a new window to Simon's website I built in 2006.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 9 x 12 inches, gatefold





Cairoli NerettaAus der Werkstatt der Natur, designed by Jan Tschichold in 1930.  Worked with Tobias Frere-Jones in the afternoon on Mondays. The font used in this book were redrew and exported digitally with FontLab Studio.For more details:hankhhuang@outlook.com





Sausalitoprocess in steps 1 to 4acrylic paint on canvas76.2 x 76.2 cm2014




Green Points 綠點My approach to a design competition funded by the Environmental Protection Administration of Taiwan. Each of the five various leaves were based on Phyllodium pulchellum — a perennial plant that most Taiwanese would recognize as "money tree" due to its coin-shaped leaves. Each color represents various participating organizations that have joined our EPA's cause. As a holistic mark, these five leaves are arranged to reflect the look of the Prunus mume blossom, Taiwan's national flower. 


Chris Bangle AssociatesTornio, northern Italy.Worked with Chris Bangle to visualize advance product concept for Samsung Electronics.My experience with Chris was beyond words. His futuristic imagination, as well as his ability to cross-reference ideas from literature to sculpture was incredible to witness. I learned so much from him.N.D.A. signed. For more details: hankhhuang@outlook.com



Johnson & Johnson Global Strategic Design Office N.Y. / Senior DesignerCollaborated with various design disciplines. Projects included: data visualization, user experience, user interface, user behavioral design strategy, product packaging, corporate branding, style guide, IFU for medical devices, and environmental design.Images shown here is a graphic identity system I developed for a pharmaceutical research symposium.N.D.A. signed. For more details: hankhhuang@outlook.com



What I learnedFrom my work experience at Johnson & Johnson Global Strategic Design Office, I had the opportunity to work with cross-disciplinary teams to develop products that focused on healthcare with the goal of improving patients’ lives and their experience with medical devices. We strongly believed that user experience has a role in defining the future of healthcare and made the effort to insert design research much earlier into the process. This allowed us to design materials to help us observe the interactions between physicians, patients and caregivers. As a result, we were able to identify and design user-centered solutions that were highly attuned to patients’ needs. ➝What we were able to gather and produce proved indispensable because it allowed designers to present the users’ voice as well as design rationale with key stakeholders and decision makers. It also made it possible for designers to collaborate with other partners within the company in new ways that directly impacted product development - R & D, engineers, industrial designers, etc.This experience taught me that designers can have an integral role and make exceptional contributions — especially when working with disciplines or fields outside of what is traditionally celebrated as ‘graphic design’. 
Poster design announcing Matthew Carter's visit to Yale School of Art.Printed monologue that captures the elegance and form of well-crafted characters regardless of language, era, or technologies. Letterforms used are from two calligraphy / typography masters: 王羲之 Wang Xizhi, an eastern calligrapher from the 16th century and Matthew Carter, a western letterform designer from the 21st century.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 60 x 24 inches


My favorite things: M.F.A. thesisA melody can be performed by anyone with any instrument. Likewise, design is the crafting of an idea that can be expressed in a variety of ways — and each variation makes way for a particular point of view, message or nuance to be taken in by the recipient. This book explains and documents my work process from raw sketches to final execution of various projects completed during my time at Yale University.—Dimension: 7.5 x 10 x 0.75 inchesSoftcover, 238 pages






Standard page spread:Online exhibition project advised by Daniel van der Velden. My intention was to examine and deconstruct the underlying tension that exists between the actual and the digital self. The online experience was designed so viewers can experience first hand the fragility of online identities.To demonstrate my theory, a link opens up a new window to Standard web page.






Poster announcing Irma Boom's visit to Yale School of Art. I see Ms. Boom's work as sculptural objects that contain information. For her announcement, I decided to make paper block-books with recycled materials to reflect Ms. Boom's work and draw attention to her visit.—Dimension: 18 x 7 inches


Keywords: One Picture is Worth a Thousand Words.Mr. William's approach was to provide the context of words from a cultural point of view rather than etymological. I expanded the idea that Keywords started with and transferred it to a modern tool: google image search. By interacting with the online exhibition, users can come to their own conclusions based on observing the search results provided by two most spoken languages; Mandarin Chinese and English.—Material: Print on paper.An interactive site is in progress.




Jeweler’s loupe: One object, seven visual explorations. I am fascinated by tools that were built for improving human capabilities. This series of work is my conceptual exploration of an object that serves one specific purpose.Explorations: Entomological collection, Extended eyelashes, embellished Home Shopping Network Video, enlarged parts, eye exam charts, inventory index, and rocks as diamonds.















ummaprocess in steps 1 to 4acrylic paint on canvas50.8 x 50.8 cm2014




Za-SuiA project with Linda Van Deursen.Za-Sui is an image rearrangement using the New York times image archive. Four images that relate to communication were juxtaposed to tell an unique visual story. Each sheet is intended to be a weekly publication sent out by mail.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 24 x 7 inches






Fifty One
Poster announcing the first exhibition of work by 51 students from Yale School of Art at Green Gallery.I drew 51 hands to represent that all of the work in the exhibition were made by hands and one child making her first long jump at a sport event.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 36 x 72 inches

Magnification FormulaA series of images as the visual interpretation of a mathematical formula M= -Di / Do.To demonstrate my analogy of the magnification formula, I used the imagery of doll faces and how they reflect ideas of girlhood / womanhood simultaneously while embodying different meanings for both.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 18 x 12 inches


Magnification formula
The magnification formula states that the degree of magnification is contingent on the distance of the object to the distance of the image of the object.Conceptually applied, if an object were to represent a particular moment in our lives, the image of that moment would embody or capture one’s personal perspective of that event in time and space. And, if distance were to equal the duration of time, the “distance” between experience (object) and perception (image) is inextricably linked. In other words, the meaning of an object is directly and, equally important, dynamically related to its representation in the time space continuum. The accompanying images on this page are from a project that attempts
to model the exposition and demonstration of my method. Using the magnification formula as a conceptual springboard, I decided to use the doll as my object. To children, dolls represent the future, where, through play, they can imagine what being an adult would be like. For adults, on the other hand, dolls represent something else entirely: the past, nostalgia, and childhood, perhaps.The object is the same, however it is when one encounters the image of the object – be it as a child or an adult – its representation takes on very different meanings. This formula, in a way, is a fluid platform, where the answer discovered depends on each individual’s unique experience.






ShapesExercise in variation and exploration of surface and form using found, everyday materials.—Duration: 100 daysMaterial: Recycled cartonsDimension: 6 x 6 inches
Poster announcing Karel Martens' visit to Yale School of Art.My intention was to make a completely subjective poster that used the printing technique as an homage to the dutch graphic design master. Karel and I had a conversation later on how he achieved his print by angling the ink plates by various degrees and mine was to manipulate the settings on the large format epson plotter. His method is way cooler! —Material: Print on paperDimension: 26 x 34 inches
Parking Lot and the attendantAs I walked around New Haven, there is a wall structure by a parking lot that attracted my attention. What intrigued me was a wall that graphically revealed the history of its construction. I could imagine how the windows were once filled, and layers of new bricks were laid on top of the old ones. My interest in this wall led me to befriend the parking booth attendant. We talked about his family and religion. Later, I give this book to him send to his family in Africa.—Material: Print on paper










DomainAn assignment given by Karel Martens. The challenge is to act on a word: Domain. My visual translation was to refer to lines used in sports. In sports, lines symbolize boundaries, territories, and rules—they also define how and where the game is played. I documented lines from a local basketball course that was also graffitied by local gangs claiming their territory to display the juxtaposition of two competitive activities.—Material: Print on paper

Thursdays, 8:30"Always choose the right shot!" Mr. Danziger said to me. I shoot pool with Lou every Thursday morning. He is a walking design encyclopedia and a brilliant one-pocket player. I have been fortunate to share my thoughts on my design teaching philosophy with Lou and realized my writing also reflects my design process. Though I never took his class as a student, Lou is the most exceptional design legend whom I respect greatly.
My design teaching philosophyIn addition to fundamental trainings in color theory, letterform, grid system, typography, composition, scale, craftsmanship and technology, there are five areas that I would like to focus on:1. Stimulate curiosity and a unique personal point of view. Educational institutions provide a climate perfectly suited for encouraging creative minds to flourish. An authentic creative mind combined with an earnest attitude towards learning are reflected in the visual outcomes of a designer. My first goal as a teacher is to encourage a design solution that uses informed research filtered through a student's genuine point of view.  ➝2. Investigate, identify, and analyze the design problem. Design solutions are often identified during the process of learning and understanding the design problem. By conducting rounds of problem-centric investigations and by analyzing his or her findings, designers will gain confidence and clarity in identifying suitable visual approaches to a design problem.3. Experiment in order to arrive at visual solutions that turn information into impactful and appropriate visual experience. Design is not a one-size-fits all practice. Having a preconceived stylistic visual approach will only result in a one dimensional visual experience which which has its limits. To arrive at impactful visual experience, a range of ➝visual experimentation must be exercised in order to understand how best to deliver a defined message. 4. Develop skill in presentation and articulation. Graphic design does not live solely in visual form. Being able to speak about one’s work is as important as producing it. The designer’s ability to speak about how design decisions are made from concept development to execution often determines how the design is received by the client. I have found in my own practice that articulating design development to a non-design audience is often part of the design process. ➝5. Encourage interdisciplinary design understanding in order to amplify the student’s ability to work in teams. In many settings, good design is made by a group of designers specializing in various fields such as design strategy, design research, industrial design, product engineering, environmental design, user interface / experience design, and graphic / packaging design. Although each area has its own focus, I believe the best in our field will be those who master the ability to arrive at design solutions collaboratively.Hank H. / Dec. 2013

Nelson Bench replicaWood working is one of my favorite things to do. Similar to design, my satisfaction comes from both the planning and the making. This bench was my imitation piece to the well-known Nelson Bench. —Material: Red woodDimension: 60 x 23 x 27 inches



Acuvue packaging designPrior to join Johnson & Johnson design office full-time, I worked part-time on projects like Acuvue packaging and icon development. The ask was to experiment with visual possibilities with the current branding guideline in mind.—Material: Print on paper




GOOD sheet 003: Coming to AmericaPrior to President Obama’s inauguration, Good magazine and Starbucks co-published posters that tackled one election topic a week. I was invited to design an issue that covered “Immigration Process” in the United States.—Material: Print on paper





Exterior gateI designed and constructed most of the wood projects myself around my home. This exterior gate was made with my dad’s help. According to him, his grandpa was once a fine wood worker in Taiwan. Here are my project planning sketches and the final product.—Material: Redwood





Icons, logotypes and way-finding mapI was commissioned to come up with identity redesign proposals for Grameen America Bank and PureScreen - a Neutrogena brand. I also had the opportunity to work on way-finding map for Rolling Greens Nusury, a home and garden destination. My contribution for short term projects is to provide as many visual solutions as possible to support the design team.—Material: Print on paper



neurographicaneurographica investigates the ways in which design can be used to explore and analyze neurological data.This poster was commissioned as an announcement for Maria Moon's final thesis exhibition, neurographica, held at Art Center College of Design. 
—Material: Print on paper



Neutrogena cosmetic branding guidelineWorking with brand strategists and marketing directors, the design team helped determine Neutrogena’s brand identity as a beauty product deeply connected to nature. This documentation explains our findings and serves as a guideline for redefining Neutrogena beauty brands.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 8.5 x 11 x 1.5 inches



bon appétit magazineI was asked to join the design team briefly for bon appétit magazine in Los Angeles. One of the given task was to refresh what was then a very classic American food publication. My role was to look into the existing typographic structure and make stylistic suggestions.This experience taught me the value of carefully examining content first in order to then construct a layout structure that can be flexible to accommodate a range of content appropriately—and pleasingly.







WACK!Museum of Contemporary Art, Los AngelesWACK was an exhibition that focused on feminist art during the year of 1965 to 1980. I was commissioned to design a poster announcing the exhibition.—Material: print on paper
Smart: An identity system for a kindergarten school.Kindergarten is a place where little children come together to experience their fist social setting with their peers in an educational environment.My approach was for the identity to communicate the idea of bright minds coming together to complete a picture.
InventoryOne of the most physically challenging projects I've done, Apt Seven Inventory is the documentation of everything I owned at that time in my apartment, No.7. It has two printed matters: a book and a poster. By looking at all the objects I owned, viewers could get an idea of who I am and how I live. This poster earned me the honor of winning the Adobe Design Achievement Award hosted in Toronto in 2006.—Poster dimension: 144 x 60 inches







emerge magazineHurricane Katrina photographs on newspapers across the nation created a compelling visual story that drew me into this idea of creating printed materials to support a fundraising music event. Emerge is a magazine that gathers photos, stories, events, posters and tickets commemorating the resilience of those effected by the tragedy. To symbolize this idea, a color block was overlaid on top of every page.—Material: Print on paper













want / needBased on a book titled Commanding Heights by Daniel Yergin and Joseph Stanslaw, this project is my redesign proposal to subjects that normally are not associated with thoughtful graphic design.An excellent subject deserves a better layout and a thoughtful visual system to enrich the experience of reading. My approach was to organize the contents chronologically by dividing it into two volumes held together in a slip case.—Dimension: 11 X 7.5 X 2 inches









KPLU 88.5Listening to jazz accompanies me throughout my entire design process. My page layout composition is inspired by musicians like Coltrane, Monk, Brubeck and many others. KPLU is a NPR affiliated radio station based in pacific north west, and this publication along with its identity was my proposal to support KPLU. —Dimension: 19 x 12 inches











Pasadena Map Co.Pasadena Map Company is a small local store that barely makes profit since  paper maps have been mostly replaced by smart phones — still it was a great store to visit with knick-knacks from travel, old globes and the like. I came up with a proposal of redesigning a series of visual solutions, including an identity, advertising wall poster, local trail map, and map bag that reveals local hiking trails.







PBS rebranding proposalMy concept was to create a symbol that illustrated two ideas: when viewed from afar, a curious eye and up close, a media screen that attracts an audience.The logo was implemented into several applications to see the flexibility of its usage. Images here shows few page spreads of the identity system guideline I created.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 8.5 x 6 inches






My thoughts on design.Things like typographic rules, defining concepts, and the order of things were questions I had for myself while at school. This is a little book I wrote as a design journal.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 7.5 x 6 inches



USPS papier-mâchéA printed matter for kids that can be folded into a self-mailing envelope. It is my proposal of creating a take-away activity kit for parents to share with their children after visiting the post office. My aim was to turn recycled paper waste into a playful object. —Material: Print on paperDimension: 24 x 18 inches





Ich bin meine eigene Frau: an autobiography of Charlotte von Mahlsdorf‘I am my own wife’ is a play written by an American playwright, Doug Wright that describes the life of a very unique individual during the Germany in the aftermath of World War II. I chose a specific self-pollenated german plant to be on the cover as the metaphor of a play and Ms. von Mahlsdorf.—Material: Print on paperDimension: 7.5 x 6 inches

Untitledacrylic paint on canvas38 x 18 cm2014
My sketchesEveryone enjoys a good story, and the way I develop concepts is often times through rounds of sketches.Like many doodlers, I believe drawing is a better communication tool than any language.












kukuprocess in steps 1 to 3acrylic paint on canvas25.4 x 25.4 cm2014




✖Copyright © 2017 Made In Xerox. All rights reserved.





Huang Johnson Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





































HUANG v. JOHNSON | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 2nd Cir.
HUANG v. JOHNSON

HUANG v. JOHNSON




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







United States Court of Appeals,Second Circuit.
Michelle HUANG, as next of friend of Raymond Yu, a minor, Plaintiff-Appellant, v. John A. JOHNSON, Commissioner for the Office of Children and Family Services, formerly known as the Division for Youth, Thomas McGregor, Ray Anderson, Matthew Barbour and Ivan Johnson, Defendants-Appellees.
Docket No. 99-9226.
    Decided: May 17, 2001

		Before FEINBERG, WINTER and CABRANES, Circuit Judges.Lawrence Katz, New York, NY, for Plaintiff-Appellant. Lee Alan Adlerstein, Assistant Attorney General (Eliot Spitzer, Attorney General of the State of New York, Robert A. Forte, Deputy Solicitor General, and Michael S. Belohlavek, Assistant Solicitor General, of counsel), New York, NY, for Defendants-Appellees.
Michelle Huang appeals from Judge Casey's adverse grant of summary judgment in this 42 U.S.C. § 1983 action brought on behalf of her infant son, Raymond Yu. See Huang v. Johnson, No. 98 Civ. 5231, 1999 WL 760633 (S.D.N.Y. Sept.27, 1999).   Huang argues that Yu's Fourteenth and Fourth Amendment rights were violated when appellees-all New York correctional officials-imprisoned him without due process and falsely.   Specifically, Huang contends that:  (i) Yu had a right to a hearing before appellees placed him in a residential facility instead of the less restrictive “day placement” program to which he had previously been assigned;  and (ii) appellees illegally retained Yu in custody for eighty-three days by failing to credit to his juvenile sentence time served while in pre-trial incarceration at Riker's Island.   Appellees assert that all of Huang's claims are barred by the Eleventh Amendment.   With regard to (ii), there is a threshold issue as to whether appellant's Section 1983 claims are barred by Heck v. Humphrey, 512 U.S. 477, 114 S.Ct. 2364, 129 L.Ed.2d 383 (1994).  Heck bars Section 1983 damages actions in which a judgment in the plaintiff's favor would necessarily imply the invalidity of a conviction or sentence where such conviction or sentence has not yet been invalidated, reversed on direct appeal, or called into question by the issuance of a writ of habeas corpus.The district court held that the governing New York statutes did not give Yu either the right to a hearing prior to his placement in the residential facility or the right to credit for the time spent in pre-trial incarceration at Riker's.   The district court also held that Huang's claims for money damages were barred under the Eleventh Amendment because it construed her claims as brought against appellees in their official, rather than individual, capacities.We hold that appellees have been sued in their individual capacities and that the Eleventh Amendment is no bar to this action.   However, we affirm the district court's decision that Yu did not have a right to a hearing before his placement in the residential facility.   With regard to the false imprisonment claim, we hold that Heck does not prevent this action.   Nevertheless, whether Yu was detained beyond his statutory release date appears to turn upon whether a New York statute required appellees to credit Yu for the time he served at Riker's.   The testimony of New York's correctional officials suggests some confusion over calculating the sentences of juveniles in Yu's circumstances, and there is no New York caselaw establishing the proper interpretation of the governing statute.   Given the number of prisoners whose prison terms might depend on that interpretation, we certify the issue to the New York Court of Appeals.   We retain jurisdiction over this appeal pending a response by that court.BACKGROUNDThis appeal raises issues concerning the calculation under New York law of the term of a juvenile delinquent's confinement with the Office of Children and Family Services (“OCFS”) when the juvenile is incarcerated in a non-OCFS correctional facility on an unrelated but pending criminal charge.   Appellant contends that, under New York Executive Law § 510-b (7), time spent in a non-OCFS correctional facility on an unrelated charge must be credited against the juvenile's sentence with OCFS, unless the juvenile has been convicted on the unrelated charge before his sentence with OCFS expires.   Appellees argue, however, that as long as the unrelated charge ultimately results in a conviction-or, alternatively, even if it does not-time served in a non-OCFS facility cannot be credited to the juvenile's sentence with OCFS.The facts are essentially undisputed.   Yu was adjudicated a juvenile delinquent on March 18, 1996, for attempted assault in the second degree.   He was sentenced to eighteen months' confinement with New York's Division for Youth (“DFY”), now known as OCFS. Yu's release date was set for September 13, 1997.1  Initially, Yu served his OCFS confinement at the Ella McQueen Residential Center, a limited secure-status facility where residents are allowed to leave the premises only for appointments relating to school, jobs, court hearings, or medical treatment.   On January 17, 1997, Yu's guardians consented to OCFS's suggestion that Yu be transferred from Ella McQueen to OCFS's Brooklyn Evening Reporting Center (“ERC”) day placement program.2  An ERC is less restrictive than a residential center in that it provides daily, evening, and weekend supervision but permits participants to live at home.   The “Parental Consent” form, signed by Yu's guardians prior to his entry in the ERC, states that “the Division of Youth may also choose to terminate this arrangement if satisfactory progress has not been made according to the Division” and confirms Yu's “agree[ment] to follow the Conditions of Participation for the program.”   One of those conditions was that Yu report to the program daily.   The attachment to the “Conditions of Participation” form, which also was signed by Yu, states that upon failure to comply with any of the conditions, “the Division for Youth may transfer you to a residential program” or a “different level of DFY program” and, “in addition, the Division for Youth may request that the court extend your time of placement.”Yu was AWOL-did not report to the program-from March 22 until March 24, 1997.   Consequently, his release date was set back two days, to September 15, 1997, to account for this absence.   On March 28, Yu was again AWOL-this time for ninety-six days-until July 2, 1997.   On that date, OCFS discovered that Yu was being held in the custody of the New York City Department of Corrections at Riker's Island on an unrelated charge following an arrest for conduct during the AWOL period.3  Yu's OCFS release date was set back by ninety-six days, to December 20, 1997, to reflect the AWOL period.Yu was held at Riker's until September 23, 1997, at which time he was returned to OCFS. On the date of his return to OCFS custody, the charge for which Yu had been held at Riker's was still pending.   Upon his return, Yu was placed in Ella McQueen, the residential center, rather than in the ERC program that had allowed him to live at home.   Furthermore, OCFS set back Yu's release date by another eighty-three days to reflect the period from July 2 to September 23, 1997, during which Yu was at Riker's.   Consequently, Yu's new release date was March 13, 1998.On February 11, 1998, appellee Ivan Johnson, one of Yu's OCFS counselors, sought in New York County Family Court to extend Yu's placement with OCFS by six months.   Both Huang and Yu were served with notice of the hearing to extend placement, which was set for March 3, 1998.   After the hearing, the Family Court allowed a temporary extension of Yu's placement until April 23, 1998, at which time he was released from OCFS custody.   Yu pleaded guilty to the charge for which he was incarcerated at Riker's-second degree attempted murder-but not until May 27, 1998, a month after his release from OCFS custody.4 In July 1998, Huang filed the instant Section 1983 action, alleging that appellees, both in their official and individual capacities:  (i) violated Yu's Fourteenth Amendment rights by imprisoning him without due process when they reinstated him at Ella McQueen instead of at the ERC without a hearing;  (ii) violated Yu's Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights by not crediting to his OCFS sentence the 83 days served at Riker's, thereby falsely imprisoning him from December 20, 1997 until April 23, 1998;  and (iii) conspired to deprive Yu of his civil rights in violation of 42 U.S.C. § 1985.   Huang sought both injunctive relief and $50 million in damages, plus attorneys' fees.   After Huang moved for summary judgment, appellees moved for judgment on the pleadings.   Pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 12(c), the district court treated appellees' motion as a motion for summary judgment and granted appellees judgment as a matter of law on all claims.   See Huang, 1999 WL 760633, at *2.The district court held that, because “it is highly unlikely that [money damages] would be paid from the pocket of the individual Defendants, rather than the state,” appellees were being sued in their official rather than individual capacities.   The court therefore held that the claim for money damages was barred by the Eleventh Amendment.   See id. at *2-*3.   The district court further held that Yu did not have a right to a hearing upon his reinstatement at Ella McQueen, both under the governing New York statute, see N.Y. Exec. Law § 502-a, and because “the ERC consent form clearly states that ERC participation is a privilege, rather than an entitlement.”  Huang, 1999 WL 760633, at *4. Finally, the district court denied the false imprisonment claim and found that Yu's sentence was correctly calculated.   It reasoned that Yu was not entitled to credit for time served at Riker's because New York Executive Law § 510-b(7) clearly states that no credit is to be received for time served on an unrelated arrest that culminates in a conviction.   See id.5  This appeal followed.   At oral argument, the panel requested that counsel address by supplemental briefing the impact on this litigation of Heck.DISCUSSION We review the district court's grant of summary judgment de novo.   See Nabisco, Inc. v. Warner-Lambert Co., 220 F.3d 43, 45 (2d Cir.2000).   Summary judgment is appropriate when, after reviewing the evidence in the light most favorable to the non-moving party, there is no genuine issue as to any material fact and the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.   See Fed.R.Civ.P. 56(c);  Brown v. C. Volante Corp., 194 F.3d 351, 354 (2d Cir.1999).a) The Eleventh Amendment The Eleventh Amendment 6 bars a suit against a state in federal court unless that state has “consented to the litigation or Congress has permissibly enacted legislation specifically overriding the state's immunity.”  Russell v. Dunston, 896 F.2d 664, 667 (2d Cir.1990) (citations omitted).   Moreover, because state immunity extends to state officers who act on behalf of the state, see Puerto Rico Aqueduct & Sewer Auth. v. Metcalf & Eddy, Inc., 506 U.S. 139, 142-47, 113 S.Ct. 684, 121 L.Ed.2d 605 (1993), where the state is the “real, substantial party in interest,” the Eleventh Amendment generally bars federal court jurisdiction over actions against state officials acting in their official capacities, Pennhurst State Sch. & Hosp. v. Halderman, 465 U.S. 89, 101-02, 104 S.Ct. 900, 79 L.Ed.2d 67 (1984).   To be sure, suits for injunctive relief against state officers, rather than against the state itself, are permitted, provided the relief sought is prospective.   See Edelman v. Jordan, 415 U.S. 651, 676-77, 94 S.Ct. 1347, 39 L.Ed.2d 662 (1974). However, Huang seeks money damages as well as prospective injunctive relief.   For the damages claim to go forward, therefore, it must have been brought against appellees in their individual capacities.   The district court concluded that, given the size of Huang's requested award-$50 million-“it is highly unlikely that the money would be paid from the pocket of the individual Defendants, rather than the state.”  Huang, 1999 WL 760633, at *3. The district court therefore found the state to be the real party in interest, thereby defeating the damages claim altogether under the Eleventh Amendment.   See id.7  We disagree.   The complaint expressly named each of the appellees in their individual capacities.   The fact that the award sought by Huang is so large that appellees might not be able to pay it on their own does not transform the claim into one against appellees in their official capacities.   Cf. Farid v. Smith, 850 F.2d 917, 923 (2d Cir.1988) (“[T]he law is clear that a state's voluntary decision to indemnify its public servants does not transform a personal-capacity action against a state official into an official-capacity action against the state.”);  Sales v. Grant, 224 F.3d 293, 298 (4th Cir.2000) (“[I]t is the entity's potential legal liability, rather than its ability or inability to require a third party to reimburse it, or to discharge the liability in the first instance, that is relevant ․”) (quoting Regents of the Univ. of Cal. v. Doe, 519 U.S. 425, 431, 117 S.Ct. 900, 137 L.Ed.2d 55 (1997)).8 The vast majority of Section 1983 actions that we see involve circumstances in which the state has agreed to indemnify the individual defendants for any liability incurred.   Absent that voluntary act, the state would not be liable.   We acknowledge that, in the present age of multitudinous Section 1983 actions, promises of indemnification may be necessary to hire a work force.   Nevertheless, economic necessity does not alter the fact that the individual state officials are personally liable for judgments in cases such as the present one, and to hold otherwise would transfer Eleventh Amendment immunity to such individuals.The district court's ruling was based largely on Ford Motor Co. v. Dep't of Treasury, 323 U.S. 459, 65 S.Ct. 347, 89 L.Ed. 389 (1945).   However, that case involved a suit under a state statute for a “ ‘refund,’ not for the imposition of personal liability on individual defendants for sums illegally exacted.”   Id. at 464, 65 S.Ct. 347.   In the present case, by contrast, Huang seeks to impose personal liability.b) Yu's Entitlement to a Hearing Prior to Transfer to Ella McQueenThe district court also held that Yu was not entitled to a due process hearing when, upon his return to OCFS custody from Riker's, he was placed in Ella McQueen rather than the ERC. We agree and hold that the placement in a somewhat more restricted facility did not implicate a protected liberty interest requiring a hearing.The New York statute provides:  “It shall be within the discretion of the director to modify or terminate a youth's participation in day placement at any time.   If the day placement is terminated the youth shall be immediately placed in a residential facility consistent with the court order.”  N.Y. Exec. Law § 502-a.   Ella McQueen is precisely such a residential facility.   New York law further provides that the “director may terminate a youth's participation in a day placement program at any time, for good cause other than the youth's breach of conditions of participation.   The director shall issue a notice of termination in writing which shall state the reasons for the termination.”  N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs. tit. 9, § 178.13(b).   Appellees have stated that Yu's transfer was made because:  (i) Yu posed a security risk because the Riker's charges involved first degree gang assault and second degree murder;  (ii) he had a history of fleeing;  and (iii) OCFS determined that he had not made satisfactory progress in light of his going AWOL, a “Major Rule Violation.”   Yu's history clearly supports that determination.   Although it is unclear whether the director ever gave a formal “written notice of termination,” Yu does not challenge the lack of post-transfer notice but rather contends that he had a right to pre-transfer notice of the charges against him and a hearing on those charges.9  The relevant statutes do not provide that right.   See N.Y. Exec. Law § 502-a;  N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs. tit. 9, § 178.13(b). Alternatively, Huang contends that there is no meaningful difference between an ERC-participant's status and that of individuals in New York State “aftercare” programs or those on parole generally, both of whom are entitled to hearings before such status is revoked.   See N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs. tit. 9, § 169.4 (providing hearing when release from aftercare is revoked).   We disagree.   New York law expressly distinguishes between a “day placement” program, which is a “program for youth placed with the division which is an alternative to or includes a period of residential placement,” N.Y. Exec. Law § 502-a, and an “aftercare program,” which is deemed a “conditional release,” N.Y. Exec. Law § 510-a.   See In re Anthony “D”, 274 A.D.2d 727, 710 N.Y.S.2d 203, 204 (3d Dep't 2000) (“Pursuant to the terms and conditions of [the day placement] program, respondent was considered to be ‘in facility’ until such time as he was conditionally released and placed in an ‘aftercare’ program.”).   Nor is Yu's situation analogous to the revocation of the right to participate in a parole program, a pre-parole conditional supervision program, or a work-release program, all of which have been held to implicate protected liberty interests triggering due process requirements.   See Young v. Harper, 520 U.S. 143, 117 S.Ct. 1148, 137 L.Ed.2d 270 (1997) (conditional supervision program);  Morrissey v. Brewer, 408 U.S. 471, 92 S.Ct. 2593, 33 L.Ed.2d 484 (1972) (parole);  Kim v. Hurston, 182 F.3d 113 (2d Cir.1999) (work-release).   Although the aftercare program may be analogous to such programs in that it is a conditional release program, day placement is more restrictive.   In day placement, the youth may reside at home but must report to the ERC daily for evening and weekend supervision.   In Young, the Supreme Court stated, “[t]he essence of parole is release from prison, before the completion of sentence, on the condition that the prisoner abide by certain rules during the balance of the sentence.”  520 U.S. at 147, 117 S.Ct. 1148 (quoting Morrissey, 408 U.S. at 477, 92 S.Ct. 2593).   The pre-parolees in Young were required to report to their parole officers only weekly, see id. at 149-50, 117 S.Ct. 1148;  the ERC participants, however, are supervised by OCFS on a daily basis.Moreover, the ERC and Ella McQueen are both part of the unified OCFS “Day Placement” program that provides alternatives to incarceration.   Youths at both Ella McQueen and the ERC may leave the facility for schooling or work.   While it is not an insignificant difference that youths in the ERC may sleep at home, we find that this distinction is not sufficient to trigger a protected liberty interest.   We therefore conclude that the applicable precedent is Meachum v. Fano, 427 U.S. 215, 96 S.Ct. 2532, 49 L.Ed.2d 451 (1976), in which the Supreme Court held that due process rights did not attach when inmates were transferred from a lower-security prison to a higher-security one within the same state prison system.Finally, it is significant that the ERC consent and admittance forms make clear that participation in that program is a privilege, not a right.   The “Parental Consent” form states:  “I understand that ․ the Division has chosen to allow Raymond Yu to participate in this program․ I also understand that the Division for Youth may also choose to terminate this arrangement if satisfactory progress has not been made according to the Division.”   The “Conditions of Participation” form, signed by Yu, expressly states:  “I understand that I am on Facility Placement Status but I have been chosen to participate in this alternative program in my home community.   I understand that participation in the [ERC] is not Aftercare Status and it is a privile [g]e.”   Further, Yu was not transferred directly from the ERC to Ella McQueen.   Rather, he was transferred from Riker's, where he was undoubtedly held after a probable cause hearing, to Ella McQueen.   Any lack of another hearing, therefore, was harmless in addition to not being required.c) False ImprisonmentHuang next contends that Yu should have been released on December 20, 1997, because the time served at Riker's should have been credited to his sentence with OCFS. In support, Huang relies on New York Executive Law § 510-b(7), which provides:When a child who is placed with [OCFS] ․ is absent from a division facility or an authorized agency without the consent of the director of such facility or authorized agency, the absence shall interrupt the calculation of the time of such placement or commitment and such interruption shall continue until the return of the child to the facility or authorized agency in which the child was placed or committed.   Any time spent by such child in custody from the date of absence to the date the placement ․ resumes shall be credited against the time of such placement or commitment provided:(a) That such custody was due to an arrest or surrender based upon the absence;  or(b) That such custody arose from an arrest or surrender on another charge which did not culminate in a conviction, adjudication or adjustment.N.Y. Exec. Law § 510-b(7) (emphases added).   Because the charge on which Yu was held at Riker's was not based on his being AWOL from OCFS, the only applicable provision entitling Yu to credit is Subsection 510-b(7)(b).   The district court held that “a plain reading of the statute indicates that OCFS was correct in its decision not to credit Yu for this period of time” because “Yu's time on Rikers Island did arise from an arrest on another charge, and did culminate in a conviction.”  Huang, 1999 WL 760633, at *4.As framed by the district court, the relevant question is whether Yu was ultimately convicted for the charge on which he was held at Riker's, as indeed he was when he pleaded guilty to those charges on May 27, 1998.   However, the plea came more than a month after his release from OCFS custody on April 23, 1998, and, therefore, several months after OCFS's decision not to credit him for the time spent at Riker's.   The resultant question is whether, under the statute, it was appropriate for OCFS to deny credit before the outcome of Yu's criminal case had been determined.The parties take predictable stances on that question, although appellees appear to argue in the alternative that, quite apart from whether and when a conviction on the Riker's charge was entered, Yu was not entitled to credit for the length of time that he was not in OCFS custody.   Because Yu was in the custody of the Department of Corrections for the eighty-three days in question, they argue, he was not entitled to credit for time served, whether or not convicted on the Riker's charge.   The parties further dispute-and have submitted supplemental briefing on-whether Heck v. Humphrey, 512 U.S. 477, 114 S.Ct. 2364, 129 L.Ed.2d 383 (1994), prohibits a Section 1983 claim on these facts.   We turn first to the Heck question, and then to the proper interpretation of Section 510-b(7).1) Application of the Heck RuleIn Heck, the Supreme Court held:[I]n order to recover damages for allegedly unconstitutional conviction or imprisonment, or for other harm caused by actions whose unlawfulness would render a conviction or sentence invalid, a § 1983 plaintiff must prove that the conviction or sentence has been reversed on direct appeal, expunged by executive order, declared invalid by a state tribunal authorized to make such determination, or called into question by a federal court's issuance of a writ of habeas corpus, 28 U.S.C. § 2254.512 U.S. at 486-87, 114 S.Ct. 2364 (footnote omitted).   The Court's rationale was based, in part, on a desire to “avoid[ ] parallel litigation over the issues of probable cause and guilt,” prevent “the creation of two conflicting resolutions arising out of the same or identical transaction,” and preclude “a convicted criminal defendant [from making a] ․ collateral attack on the conviction through the vehicle of a civil suit.”  Id. at 484, 114 S.Ct. 2364 (internal quotation marks and citations omitted).   In Edwards v. Balisok, 520 U.S. 641, 117 S.Ct. 1584, 137 L.Ed.2d 906 (1997), the Court held that Heck barred a suit challenging procedural defects at a hearing at which the inmate's good-time credits were revoked because the defects, if established, would imply the invalidity of that revocation.   We have interpreted Edwards as focusing primarily on the fact that underlying the inmate's claim was a challenge to the length of his confinement.   See Jenkins v. Haubert, 179 F.3d 19, 25 (2d Cir.1999).Most recently, in Spencer v. Kemna, 523 U.S. 1, 118 S.Ct. 978, 140 L.Ed.2d 43 (1998), the Court addressed circumstances in which a petitioner who had completed his entire sentence sought a writ of habeas corpus on the ground that his parole had been improperly revoked.   The Court held that, although the petition was filed before the petitioner's incarceration had terminated, the expiration of his sentence rendered the petition moot, because the petitioner had not suffered collateral consequences from the revocation sufficient to meet Article III's injury-in-fact requirement.   See U.S. Const. art.   III, § 2, cl. 1;  Spencer, 523 U.S. at 14-16, 118 S.Ct. 978.   However, five Justices agreed in Spencer that the petitioner could still bring a Section 1983 action to redress the alleged wrongs.   Justice Souter's concurrence, which was joined by three other Justices, stated:[W]e are forced to recognize that any application of [Heck 's] favorable-termination requirement to § 1983 suits brought by plaintiffs not in custody would produce a patent anomaly:  a given claim for relief from unconstitutional injury would be placed beyond the scope of § 1983 if brought by a convict free of custody (as, in this case, following service of a full term of imprisonment), when exactly the same claim could be redressed if brought by a former prisoner who had succeeded in cutting his custody short through habeas.The better view, then, is that a former prisoner, no longer “in custody,” may bring a § 1983 action establishing the unconstitutionality of a conviction or confinement without being bound to satisfy a favorable-termination requirement that it would be impossible as a matter of law for him to satisfy.   Thus, the answer to [petitioner's] argument that his habeas claim cannot be moot because Heck bars him from relief under § 1983 is that Heck has no such effect.   After a prisoner's release from custody, the habeas statute and its exhaustion requirement have nothing to do with his right to any relief.Id. at 20-21, 118 S.Ct. 978 (Souter, J., concurring) (footnote omitted).   Justice Stevens's dissent also recognized that “[g]iven the Court's holding that petitioner does not have a remedy under the habeas statute, it is perfectly clear ․ that he may bring an action under 42 U.S.C. § 1983.”   Id. at 25 n. 8, 118 S.Ct. 978 (Stevens, J., dissenting).   Moreover, dictum in the majority opinion also suggested that the petitioner would not be barred under Heck from bringing a Section 1983 action provided “petitioner were to seek damages ‘for using the wrong procedures, not for reaching the wrong result,’ and if that procedural defect did not ‘necessarily imply the invalidity of’ the revocation.”  Id. at 17, 118 S.Ct. 978 (quoting Heck, 512 U.S. at 482-83, 487, 114 S.Ct. 2364).We have addressed similar issues under the Heck rule.   In Jenkins, we held that “for those cases at the heart of habeas corpus-those in which a prisoner challenges the fact or length of his confinement-habeas is the exclusive federal remedy.”  Jenkins, 179 F.3d at 24.   However, Jenkins involved an inmate's challenge to the conditions of confinement rather than its fact or duration, and we therefore held that Heck did not apply.   See id. at 27.   In Leather v. Eyck, 180 F.3d 420 (2d Cir.1999), we further held that a plaintiff who was convicted on a charge of driving while impaired, but who was fined rather than imprisoned, was not barred under Heck from bringing a Section 1983 action because,[a]lthough [plaintiff's] action does not challenge conditions of confinement, Jenkins implies the inapplicability of Heck for [him].   Because [plaintiff] is not and never was in the custody of the State, he, like Jenkins, has no remedy in habeas corpus.   Having escaped the jaws of Heck, Leather should therefore be permitted to pursue his § 1983 claim in the district court unless principles of res judicata or collateral estoppel preclude his suit.Id. at 424;  see also Sims v. Artuz, 230 F.3d 14, 24 (2d Cir.2000) (holding Section 1983 action not barred where challenge is to conditions of confinement, rather than fact or duration). Based on these authorities, we conclude that Heck does not bar Huang's Section 1983 action.   While Huang's challenge is aimed at the duration of Yu's confinement, she does not challenge the validity of Yu's conviction.   Furthermore, Yu has no habeas remedy because he has long since been released from OCFS custody.   In light of our holding in Leather, and in light of both the Spencer majority's dictum and the fact that the Spencer concurrences and dissent “revealed that five justices hold the view that, where federal habeas corpus is not available to address constitutional wrongs, § 1983 must be,” Jenkins, 179 F.3d at 26, we conclude that Huang's Section 1983 claim must be allowed to proceed.   Having so decided, we now turn to the merits of the false imprisonment claim.2) Calculation of Yu's Release DateWhether Yu's rights were violated turns upon the meaning of Executive Law Subsection 510-b(7)(b).   If that provision means that a period of pre-trial detention served on an unrelated charge must be credited to a youth's confinement with OCFS, so long as the charge does not result in a conviction before the youth's confinement with OCFS ends, whether or not there is an ultimate conviction, then Yu was unlawfully detained after his release date.   Unfortunately, there is no helpful New York authority on the precise interpretation of Section 510-b(7) pertinent to this appeal.   See, e.g., In re Angel F., 273 A.D.2d 71, 709 N.Y.S.2d 76, 76 (1st Dep't 2000) (holding credit due for time served on charges that were “eventually dismissed” but not stating whether dismissal occurred before OCFS sentence expired and whether the time on the unrelated charges was served in OCFS custody);  In re Anthony “D”, 710 N.Y.S.2d at 204 (holding no credit due on OCFS sentence for time served in state jail because the “unrelated criminal charges culminated in a conviction,” but not stating whether conviction occurred prior to expiration of OCFS sentence).Indeed, it is less than clear that OCFS even has a uniform practice in the manner in which it applies Subsection 510-b(7)(b).   Appellees state only that “the computer system maintained by OCFS uniformly and automatically interrupts the time credit of a youth upon the entry of a noted absence” and that the “interruption continues unless and until OCFS is notified of an event under [510-b(7)] subsections a) or b), in which event the appropriate time credit” is given.   Appellees' Post-Argument Letter Memorandum at 7 n. 1, Huang (No. 99-9226).   This, however, tells us nothing of the criteria used to determine whether an “event” under 510-b(7)(b) has occurred.Moreover, appellees' deposition testimony suggests substantial confusion over the proper interpretation of the statute.   Appellees Anderson and Barbour indicated that the key factor is not whether there has been a conviction but whether the youth is being held outside of OCFS custody.   That view seemingly assumes that time served in the jurisdiction of another agency, such as the Department of Corrections, cannot be credited to confinement with OCFS. Appellee Ivan Johnson agreed with Anderson and Barbour but also noted that there have been situations in which credit has been given for time served in another jurisdiction's custody.   Appellees' brief states that the key factor is whether the unrelated arrest eventually ends in a conviction but also states that Yu was not credited for either the AWOL period or the period of time served because, during both, he was “outside of OCFS supervision.”   Brief for Defendants-Appellees at 14-15, Huang (No. 99-9226).We are mindful of the somewhat anomalous result to which Huang's proposed interpretation leads.   A youth would be credited for pre-trial detention time served after committing a serious crime simply because the conviction occurs after release.   However, appellees' position that a post-release conviction validates a denial of credit for time served elsewhere is itself anomalous.   A youth might serve the extra time as a result of the denial of credit and then be acquitted.   Finally, appellees' alternative position that credit must be denied for periods of time served “outside of OCFS supervision,” id., seems hard to square with the statutory language. We believe that the interpretation of Subsection 510-b(7)(b) should be determined by the New York Court of Appeals upon a Certificate from this court.   See N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs. tit. 22, § 500.17;  2d Cir. R. § 0.27. The statute has no inexorable interpretation, and there is no governing caselaw on point.   Confusion as to the statute also seems to exist among New York correctional officials.   Rather than set a precedent that may differ from the view of the New York Court of Appeals and possibly be disruptive in New York correctional affairs, we think that the better course of action is for the New York court to decide this important issue of New York law.   Moreover, given our holding that Heck does not bar false imprisonment claims when the plaintiff has no remedy in habeas corpus, we may see other false imprisonment claims such as the present one brought under Section 1983.   We hasten to add that our Certificate invites the New York Court of Appeals to address any other issue of New York law bearing on the disposition of this appeal.CONCLUSIONThe decision of the district court that a hearing was not required prior to Yu's return to Ella McQueen is affirmed.   However, we reverse the district court's conclusion that Huang's claims are barred by the Eleventh Amendment.   We further hold that Heck does not bar Huang's 42 U.S.C. § 1983 action for false imprisonment.   However, we certify to the New York Court of Appeals the question of whether appellees properly refused to credit to Yu's sentence with OCFS the time he served at Riker's Island.   It is hereby ORDERED that the Clerk of the Court transmit to the Clerk of the New York Court of Appeals a Certificate in the form attached, together with this Opinion and a complete set of the briefs, appendices, and record filed by the parties with this court.   This panel retains jurisdiction so that, after we receive a response from the New York Court of Appeals, we may dispose of the appeal.   Further, the parties are ordered to bear equally such fees and costs, if any, as may be requested by the New York Court of Appeals.UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALSFor the Second CircuitAt a stated term of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, held at the United States Courthouse, Foley Square, in the City of New York, on the 17th day of May, two thousand one.Present:  Honorable Wilfred Feinberg,Honorable Ralph K. Winter,Honorable José A. Cabranes,Circuit Judges.No. 99-9226Michelle HUANG, as next of friend of Raymond Yu, a minor, Plaintiff-Appellant,v.John A. JOHNSON, Commissioner for the Office of Children and Family Services, formerly known as the Division for Youth, Thomas McGregor, Ray Anderson Matthew Barbour and Ivan Johnson, Defendants-Appellees.Pursuant to N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 22, § 500.17 and 2d Cir. R. § 0.27, we present the following Certificate to the New York Court of Appeals:1. This is a 42 U.S.C. § 1983 action for damages and injunctive relief brought by Michelle Huang on behalf of her infant son, Raymond Yu.   Huang argues that Yu's Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights were violated when appellees, officials of New York State's Office of Children and Family Services (“OCFS”), falsely imprisoned him by refusing to credit to his sentence with OCFS eighty-three days he served in the custody of the New York City Department of Corrections at Riker's Island.   In March, 1997, Yu went AWOL from OCFS custody for ninety-six days until July 2, 1997, when OCFS learned that Yu was being held at Riker's on an unrelated criminal charge.   Yu spent eighty-three more days at that facility before being returned to OCFS custody.   OCFS set back Yu's release date by the ninety-six days that he was AWOL as well as by the eighty-three days that he spent at Riker's.   The district court denied Huang's motion for summary judgment and granted summary judgment to appellees on the ground that New York Executive Law Subsection 510-b(7)(b) expressly provides that time spent in custody on an unrelated charge that culminates in a conviction cannot be credited to a youth's sentence with OCFS.   However, Yu did not plead guilty to the charge on which he was held at Riker's until May 27, 1998, more than one month after his April 23, 1998 release from OCFS custody.2. The dispositive issue presented by this appeal for which there is no controlling precedent of the New York Court of Appeals is whether appellees properly refused to credit Yu, under New York Executive Law Subsection 510-b(7)(b), for the eighty-three days served at Riker's on an unrelated charge that did not culminate in a conviction until after Yu's release from OCFS custody.3. We request that the New York Court of Appeals address the above question at this time because the text of Subsection 510-b(7)(b) does not provide a clear answer.   Moreover, if not definitively answered pursuant to this Certificate, the question will recur in federal actions because claims for false imprisonment are frequently brought in Section 1983 actions and we have held today that such claims are permitted under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 when asserted by a prisoner after release.4. The New York Court of Appeals is invited to address any other issue of New York law presented by this appeal.For the Court:Roseann B. MacKechnie, Clerk Roseann B. MacKechnie  5/17/01By:                    Date:FOOTNOTES1.   It appears that the actual initial placement ran the full eighteen months, until September 17, 1997, but that Yu was awarded a four-day detention credit, bringing his release date to September 13, 1997.2.   At that time, Yu's guardians were his aunt and uncle, and it was at their home that Yu was to reside while he participated in the ERC.3.   The date of Yu's incarceration at Riker's is unclear, but we will assume it to be July 2. It appears that OCFS's records reflect that Yu's AWOL period was deemed to end on that date.4.   Following his plea, Yu was sentenced to five years' probation for second degree attempted murder but, because of his status as a youthful offender, the conviction was deemed vacated.5.   The district court dismissed the Section 1985 claim because Yu failed to demonstrate the required “class-based animus.”  Huang, 1999 WL 760633, at *5. The Section 1985 claim has been abandoned on appeal.6.   The Eleventh Amendment reads:  “The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.”   U.S. Const. amend.   XI.7.   The complaint also sought a declaratory judgment as relief, but no party has discussed this claim on appeal.   We shall follow their example, save for this footnote.8.   Appellees argue that they were not personally involved in the alleged deprivations.   However, whether appellees have viable personal defenses, such as qualified immunity or lack of personal involvement, is left to future proceedings in the district court, if any.9.   Further, it is not clear that N.Y. Comp.Codes R. & Regs. tit. 9, § 178.13(b) requires that the director's written notice of termination be sent to the youth and/or his guardians.   However, because Yu does not challenge the lack of post-transfer notice, we need not resolve that question at this time.WINTER, Circuit Judge:



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 21:41:41 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























US Court Cases: Find US Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States



Browse United States Courts

District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Judicial Conference of the United States Committee on Judicial Conduct and Disability.
Judicial Council of the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Eighth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Ninth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Second Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Seventh Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Tenth Circuit.
United States Bankruptcy Appellate Panel
United States DC Circuit
United States Eighth Circuit
United States Eleventh Circuit
United States Federal Circuit
United States Fifth Circuit
United States First Circuit
United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
United States Fourth Circuit
United States Judicial Conference Committee
United States Ninth Circuit
United States Second Circuit
United States Seventh Circuit
United States Sixth Circuit
United States Supreme Court
United States Tenth Circuit
United States Third Circuit


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 21:41:41 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.










PRODUCT LIABILITY OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON BABY PRODUCTS | Nor Syuhada  C.K. - Academia.edu













































































Log InSign Upmore&nbspJob BoardAboutPressBlogPeoplePapersTermsPrivacyCopyright We're Hiring! Help Centerless&nbspLog InSign Up


pdfPRODUCT LIABILITY OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON BABY PRODUCTS11 PagesPRODUCT LIABILITY OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON BABY PRODUCTSAuthorsNor Syuhada C.k. + 3Nor Syuhada  C.K.Leong Pui HuangLau Hong ShengNor Aiza  connect to downloadGet pdfPRODUCT LIABILITY OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON BABY PRODUCTSDownloadPRODUCT LIABILITY OF JOHNSON & JOHNSON BABY PRODUCTSAuthorsNor Syuhada C.k. + 3Nor Syuhada  C.K.Leong Pui HuangLau Hong ShengNor AizaLoading PreviewSorry, preview is currently unavailable. You can download the paper by clicking the button above.READ PAPERGET pdf

×CloseLog InLog In with FacebookLog In with GoogleorEmail:Password:Remember me on this computeror reset passwordEnter the email address you signed up with and we'll email you a reset link.Need an account? Click here to sign up


AboutBlogPeoplePapersJob BoardAdvertise We're Hiring! Help Center
Find new research papers in:PhysicsChemistryBiologyHealth SciencesEcologyEarth SciencesCognitive ScienceMathematicsComputer Science


TermsPrivacyCopyrightAcademia ©2017




























US 2nd Circuit Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 2nd Cir.


United States Second Circuit Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of United States Second Circuit decisions since January 1995.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


IN RE: LEHMAN BROTHERS HOLDINGS INC.
July 27, 2017
16-2737 
 16-2788

XIU YING WENG v. JEFFERSON SESSIONS III UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL
July 27, 2017
16-84

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA EX REL RONALD CHORCHES AS TRUSTEE FOR THE BANKRUPTCY ESTATE OF PAUL FABULA PAUL FABULA v. AMERICAN MEDICAL RESPONSE INC
July 27, 2017
Docket No. 15-3930

ISRAEL WEINGARTEN v. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
July 27, 2017
Docket No. 15-923

HOXQUELIN GOMEZ HEREDIA OQUELIN GOMEZHEREDIA SOKELIN HEREDIA v. JEFFERSON SESSIONS III UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL
July 27, 2017
Docket Nos. 16-1465-ag 
 16-3346-ag



View more decisions »





Browse United States Second Circuit Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 21:41:41 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.





Copy of Band-Aid Brand Products by Daryl Huang on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookCopy of Band-Aid Brand Products
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by Daryl Huang
        
        on 29 October 2013
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Copy of Band-Aid Brand ProductsHistory of BAND-AIDThe 8 P's of MarketingSWOT AnalysisBAND-AID Brand ProductsProductPlaceIn keeping with Johnson & Johnson's credo:PricePrice strategy is to not lower prices below competitors, but to stimulate sales through special promotionsPromotionFirst movers advantage, has become synonymous with first-aid and treatmentProcessPhysical EnvironmentPublic / PartnershipsCynthia Rowley partnershipPeopleInstant value recognition among the massesStrengths Strong brand name and recognitionVery limited competition and clear differentiation from similar productsA wide range of products that successfully address most common first aid issues and concernsStrong recognition from the children segment and solid brand loyalty due to it's strategy to utilize easily recognizable cartoon charactersSuccessful and abundant advertising through print media and televisionBuilds a strong relationship with consumers by listening to all type of feedback and creating new products to address new consumer concernsBand-Aid holds 38% of value share of all wound care products and 64% of share of sticking plastersWeaknessesCompeting products are cheaper and provide the same solutionTreatment of superficial wounds has become less of a worry for consumers in recent yearsSlow growing market due to a very limited market spaceOpportunities Leverage strong household presence and high popularity with children to create partnerships with schoolsJoint ventures and acquisitions, such as the 2012 acquisition of Synthes, a medical device maker, by Johnson & Johnson, can provide the company with the necessary resources to continue expanding their product line and capturing a greater market shareThreatsSales of wound care products have been decreasing for the past two yearsJohnson & Johnson's poor earning in the past few years may damage the brandThe market for Band-Aids is already in Maturity so there is very little possibility of future growthSubstitutes for Band-Aids come at a lower price-Theme of the WeekPresented by Group 4AIDA ModelAttentionCatchy JingleThe Future of BAND-AIDThanks for listening!Questions?InterestFavourite charactersMagic VisionDesigner Band-AidLimited Edition Tin CanDesireContinue daily routine despite woundCreates emotional connection between parent and childCheers up kidsActionConsumer thinks of Band-Aid brandBand-Aid Brand is widely known as the leader in the wound-care marketOn top of adhesive bandages, now includes ointments, gauze, tapes, and kits for all first-aid needs"We believe our first responsibility is to the doctors, nurses and patients, to mothers and fathers and all others who use our products and services"Drugstores and PharmaciesConvenience storesGrocery storesDepartment storesSuperstoresDoctors officesHospitalsSample Band-Aid Brand ProductsBand-Aid adhesive strips (pack of ~ 20-30) average around $2.00 - $3.00Premium bandages are more expensive, around $3.00 and upGenericized trademark provides great leverage for their promotional campaignsI am stuck on Band-Aid Brand commericalCynthia Rowley partnership to promote Band-Aid as a trust brand among fashion-forward adult womenPeople know what Band-Aid products offer, and is the first stop solution to heal and repair cuts, scrapes, and woundsNo need for front-line staff / representativesWorked with JWT New York and Qualcomm to develop the Band-Aid Magic Vision appBand-Aid Brand Facebook page with over 100,000 likesFull transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Daryl Huang
        ARBUS101 Concept MapOperations Management Concept MapSharepointPopular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks
