













Bathroom Discussions | Houzz
























 




SALE
BATHROOM REMODEL SALE


0Sign In 











PHOTOS 



KITCHEN & DINING 

Kitchen 

Dining Room 

Pantry 

Great Room 





Shop Kitchen & Dining 

Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Bar Stools 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 





BED & BATH 

Bathroom 

Powder Room 

Bedroom 

Baby & Kids 





Shop Bed & Bath 

Bathroom Vanities 

Bathroom Lighting 

Bathroom Sinks 

Faucets 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bath Accessories 

Bedroom Decor 

Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Lamps 





LIVING 

Living Room 

Family Room 

Sunroom 

Home Theater 





Shop Living 

Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

Decorative Accents 

Pillows & Throws 





OUTDOOR 

Landscape 

Patio 

Deck 

Pool 





Shop Outdoor 

Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Outdoor Lounge Sets 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Pots & Planters 

Fire Pits & Accessories 

Outdoor Cooking 

Outdoor Structures 

Backyard Play 

Holiday Decor 





MORE ROOMS 

Exterior 

Entry 

Hall 

Home Office 

Staircase 

Basement 

Laundry 

Garage 

Shed 

Gym 

Home Bar 

Storage & Closet 

Kids' Room 

Nursery 

Playroom 

Wine Cellar 

Porch 

Balcony 







SHOP BY DEPARTMENT 




KITCHEN & DINING



Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Lighting 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 

View All 




FURNITURE



Living Room 

Kitchen & Dining 

Bathroom 

Bedroom 

Home Office 

Storage 

Outdoor 

View All 






BATH



Bathroom Vanities 

Lighting 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Faucets 

Bathroom Sinks 

Bath Accessories 

Bath Linens 

Medicine Cabinets 

View All 




DECOR



Decorative Accents 

Rugs 

Mirrors 

Wall Decor 

Artwork 

Pillows & Throws 

Window Treatments 

View All 






BEDROOM



Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Bedroom Decor 

Lamps 

Dressers 

Nightstands 

Closet Storage 

Futons 

Benches 

Chaises 

View All 




HOME IMPROVEMENT



Bathroom Fixtures 

Kitchen Fixtures 

Tile 

Hardware 

Heating & Cooling 

Building Materials 

Tools & Equipment 

View All 






LIVING



Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

View All 




OUTDOOR



Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Outdoor Structures 

Outdoor Cooking 

View All 






LIGHTING



Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Bathroom & Vanity 

Wall Sconces 

Flush-Mounts 

Ceiling Fans 

Table Lamps 

Floor Lamps 

Kitchen & Cabinet 

Outdoor Lighting 

View All 




MORE



Storage & Organization 

Housekeeping 

Home Office Products 

Home Bar 

Baby & Kids 

Holiday Decor 

Pet Supplies 

View All 







FIND PROFESSIONALS 



DESIGN & REMODELING 

Architects & Building Designers 

Design-Build Firms 

General Contractors 

Home Builders 

Interior Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Remodelers 

Landscape Architects & Designers 

Landscape Contractors 

Swimming Pool Builders 





HOME IMPROVEMENT 

Building Supplies 

Cabinets & Cabinetry 

Carpet Dealers 

Deck & Patio Builders 

Door Dealers 

Fireplaces 

Garage Door Sales 

Handyman 

Hardwood Flooring Dealers 

Paint & Wall Coverings 

Siding & Exteriors 

Tile, Stone & Countertops 

Window Dealers 





HOME SERVICES 

Air Conditioning & Heating 

Electricians 

Furniture Repair & Upholstery 

Garage Door Repair 

Gardeners & Lawn Care 

Movers 

Painters 

Pest Control 

Plumbers 

Roofing & Gutters 

Spa & Pool Maintenance 

Tree Services 





CLEANING SERVICES 

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners 

Chimney Cleaners 

Exterior Cleaners 

House Cleaners 

Stone Cleaners 

Window Cleaners 





View All Pros




STORIES & ADVICE 




STORIES FROM HOUZZ



Most Popular 

Houzz Tours 

Kitchen Guides 

Bathroom Guides 

Decorating Guides 

More Rooms 

Remodeling 

Architecture 

Landscape Design 

Garden Guides 

Fun Houzz 

Life 




HOUZZ TV








HOUZZ DISCUSSIONS



Design Dilemma 

Before & After 

Polls 

Pro-to-Pro 




GARDENWEB DISCUSSIONS



Garden Forums 

Home Forums 

Nature Forums 

Exchanges & Trading 







SALE 





ON SALE - UP TO 75% OFF


Bathroom Vanities


Chandeliers


Bar Stools


Pendant Lights


Rugs


Living Room Chairs


Dining Room Furniture


Wall Lighting


Coffee Tables


Side & End Tables


Home Office Furniture


Sofas


Bedroom Furniture


Lamps


Mirrors





 BATHROOM REMODEL SALE







                                                        Up to 65% Off                                                    

                                                    Bathroom Sinks & Faucets 







                                                        Under $1,000                                                    

                                                    Farmhouse Vanities 









                                                        Up to 70% Off                                                    

                                                    Bath Linens 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Bathroom Bestsellers 


























Houzz Discussions
 
 
All Discussions

  
Design Dilemma

  
Before & After

  
Polls

  
Photo Questions

  
Using Houzz

  
Other

 

GardenWeb Discussions
 
 
All Discussions

  
Garden Forums

  
Home Forums

  
More Forums

  
FAQs

 

 




Bathroom Discussions From shower curtains and faucet finishes to toilet installation costs and sink brands, talk about anything and everything bathroom-related. 			
Related forums:

Plumbing | Kitchens | Remodeling | Home Repair | Home Decorating | Appliances 






 
 

 
 

 


					Add a photo
				









Poll Options: You can enter text, link to a Houzz photo or product, or upload an image.

OPTION 1










OPTION 2










OPTION 3





















GardenWeb has joined Houzz!


 
 
23,495 Garden Web Discussions | Bathrooms 
Latest Activity Featured Popular Unanswered 

  
 
Wallpaper to add on one wallPosted by Andreea Souca
22 minutes ago





 

				Updated 1 hour ago  How much does a tile setter charge per sq. ft in your area?Posted by nicole___
on Wednesday

33 Comments



 

				Updated 4 hours ago  Best use of 8' wall: tub/shower + remaining space?Posted by maddybeagle
15 hours ago

6 Comments



 

				Updated 4 hours ago  Viscon White Granite in bathrooms - what tile to usePosted by tj_shopper Eng
5 hours ago

1 Comment



 

				Updated 8 hours ago  "must have" functions and things you wish you'd thought of/includedPosted by lmgch
on Monday

25 Comments



 

				Updated 9 hours ago  Supplemental heat for small bathroom/old house?Posted by maddybeagle
Yesterday

9 Comments



 
Bathroom pendent lightPosted by mrspete
13 hours ago





 

				Updated 16 hours ago  Reveal - NYC bathroomPosted by Katrina Tate
October 9, 2016

50 Comments



 

				Updated 21 hours ago  Anyone NOT like onyx showers?Posted by MrsShayne
January 25, 2015

35 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Looking for 18" rustic vanityPosted by lazy_gardens
on Tuesday

6 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Vessel Sink FaucetPosted by Lynda Cormier
Yesterday

1 Comment



 

				Updated Yesterday  HELP! Vanity drawers/doors show large gaps and interior drawer boxes!Posted by Jill Coopersmith
on Sunday

22 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Bathroom layout assistancePosted by Pensacola PI
Yesterday

5 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Signature hardwarePosted by calitina
May 26, 2012

32 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Integrated sink woesPosted by lmgch
on Tuesday

6 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Before & After: my new bathroomPosted by Kristi
September 7, 2016

28 Comments



 

				Updated Yesterday  Help me pick a grout for my LVP (color options included in post!)Posted by Angela Smith
on Wednesday

1 Comment



 

				Updated on Wednesday  Lining bathroom vanity drawersPosted by dtr123
on Monday

10 Comments



 

				Updated on Wednesday  Anyone use Tec power grout ?Posted by Emily
April 4, 2013

21 Comments



 

				Updated on Wednesday  Utile by MaaxPosted by Michelle Renee
on Sunday

1 Comment



 

				Updated on Wednesday  Help with Small Bathroom and Curbless ShowerPosted by jirpel
on Tuesday

16 Comments



 
fantech - what model do I want?Posted by lmgch
on Tuesday





 

				Updated on Tuesday  Updating "dated" bathroom / contractor pressurePosted by carrienations
on Monday

15 Comments



 

				Updated on Tuesday  Is that odd: using single hole faucet with 3-hole vanity top?Posted by M_N_A
December 26, 2013

15 Comments



 

				Updated on Tuesday  Wet white marble shower floor turned gray!Posted by teruko
October 25, 2013

36 Comments



 

				Updated on Monday  Shallow Bathroom VanityPosted by jirpel
July 21, 2017

4 Comments



 

				Updated on Monday  HELP! Should my tile look like this?!?Posted by young-gardener
July 16, 2010

32 Comments



 

				Updated on Monday  Kohler Bellwether bathtubPosted by jgailstorm
July 28, 2011

3 Comments



 

				Updated on Monday  Mosaic tile decorative borders?  In or on the way out..Posted by spacecoast_fl_zone_9
April 4, 2017

27 Comments



 

				Updated on Monday  Suggestions for alcove tub with deeper water depth?Posted by Ann
July 15, 2017

25 Comments



123456789Next Page 













United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland France Россия 日本 Italia España Danmark Sverige Ireland Singapore New Zealand India 


COMPANY

About HouzzIn the NewsPress InfoCareersContact UsTerms & PrivacyCopyright & Trademark 


EXPLORE HOUZZ

Buttons & BadgesMobile AppsFor ProfessionalsWrite a ReviewFAQs 


CONNECT WITH US

Houzz BlogTwitterFacebookGoogle+YouTubeRSS 



United States
United Kingdom
Australia
Deutschland
France
Россия
日本
Italia
España
Danmark
Sverige
Ireland
Singapore
New Zealand
India


						© 2017 Houzz Inc. Houzz® The new way to design your home™
					





 







































Phone Interview with David Hudson




Phone Interview with David Hudson

The following questions were compiled
by subscribers to the WhiteGold Forum and asked by its moderator (binga)
on May 31, 1996.
binga: I have your permission to tape
record this, is that correct David?
David Hudson: That's correct.
binga: First question. Besides your
Columbus, Ohio lecture scheduled for July, do you have any appearances
scheduled for the future?
David Hudson: Where did you hear that?
binga: You know me, I have my thumb
in just about everything. You're appearing on Sunday July 14 aren't you?
David Hudson: Yes I am, but I'm not
trying to spread the word. I don't want to get a fan club to show up there.
What do they call themselves--the Psychotronics? The psychotronic people
have asked me to come there, and it works out well for me to go at that
time, so I will be speaking there on Sunday. But it's not going to be anything
all that different from what you have already heard.
binga: Do you have any other appearances
scheduled for the future that you know of?
David Hudson: That's it.
binga: You probably get a lot of mail.
How have you been handling your mail as far as reading it and answering
letters?
David Hudson: I read everything. I
do not answer anything. If people want to be sure I know something they
can put it in writing--I do read everything. Unless it's like books or
something that don't relate to what I'm doing. If it's a book, I lay the
book aside and I may get to it in time, but I am extremely busy right now.
binga: So you don't answer anybody
but you do read everything.
David Hudson: Yes I do read everything.
Assure them that I do read everything. If it's a letter I read the entire
letter, look at who it's from and everything--but I do not answer them
in writing. I may call them. Believe it or not, I am keeping every one
of these letters. They are all here. I've got about nine boxes here of
letters.
binga: Next question involves the Egyptian
Rite of Ascension. There is some confusion as to whether it involves gold
or iridium.
David Hudson: The Egyptian Rite of
Passage. I don't know for sure what it involved. All I can go by is what
is written in the text, and they said it was gold.
binga: Do you have what text you got
that out of?
David Hudson: Have you read the "Oldest
Book of the Dead" and the
binga: Yes, it is available on-line.
David Hudson: Have you read it?
binga: Not word for word.
David Hudson: Read it.
binga: Ok. It's in there?!
David Hudson: Right.
binga: So do you know what's involved
to take a full course? There is some confusion as to whether it is 30 days
at 500 mg., or 9 months at 250 mg.
David Hudson: I know that they were
involved in the 40 day ritual just like the Hebrews were. Apparently it
is taken over 40 days. But the actual conversion does seem to take nine
months. So it's like that's the period of receiving the semen in your body.
But it does take nine months to totally occur.
binga: So you don't know what the dosage
is?
David Hudson: You know, this is what
we are studying right now. It appears it is at least 500 mg. though.
binga: Every day?
David Hudson: Yes.
binga: And then it's preceded by a
40 day fast. And then you begin the 500 mg.?
David Hudson: Right. Part of the work
we're doing as far as perfecting of the body--and I can tell you right
now it does require 500 mg. as far as cancer--that we are finding out from
all our cell culture studies.
binga: And the course could run at
least 30 days, and it could take up to 9 months?
David Hudson: That's correct.
binga: Ok. So it's just depending on
the person and what's going on.
David Hudson: Yes.
binga: There was a question as to how
much gold would it take (the market value or weight), to make enough ORMEs
material--I'm assuming the gold, to complete a full course?
David Hudson: Well, we don't make it
from gold. We only do that to demonstrate that the white powder does come
from gold. But it's very expensive and very time-consuming. We actually
get our gold from the natural ore.
binga: The tailings?
David Hudson: Well it's a natural metal
deposit and not tailings. Its never been mined.
binga: Oh, so this is like out of a
vein?
David Hudson: No. It's a volcanic upheaval.
Immense.
binga: It's sort of like what these
other naturally occurring people are claiming they are getting theirs from
too.
David Hudson: Right. It's exactly what
these naturally occurring people are claiming.
binga: Oh, it is! So it's the same
stuff that's just been processed?
David Hudson: No--we are starting with
rock. We are doing exactly what they are trying to do.
binga: They are just digging it out
of the ground and putting it in bottles, from what I understand. There
is no processing to it.
David Hudson: Now that shows how stupid
they are. They need to spend about $5 million dollars and learn how to
separate it from each other. That's the products they call ISIS White Powder
Gold or Etherium Gold--that's what they are doing. From what I understand
they are getting it from actually a dry lake bed. And they are just scooping
the white powder up off of the dry lake bed.
binga: We are getting ahead of things
here. I'm going to skip over that. We will come back to that subject later.
I have some questions about that.
The next question: Do you receive any
information via "channeling" or direct communication with light beings?
David Hudson: Not that I want to claim.
No.
binga: So I guess the next question:
if so, in what form do the appear, is not applicable.
The next set of questions refer to
the following portion of your Dallas appearance, and I will just quote
it. It was a question. I would like to know if you are consuming the substance
yourself right now. And your answer was "Because I was the discoverer I
felt I should take the material first. I started fasting and we didn't
know how much to take. I was taking the gold in very low amounts. My wife
on about the third day became aware that I was taking it and she just went
ballistic. You would have to meet my wife. She is a very special lady,
but she had been reading all the alchemical texts from St. Germaine, and
all about people's hair falling out, and their teeth falling out, and their
skin peeling off, and she just said 'you will not take this material without
my permission'. And out of respect for my wife, I stopped taking the material.
She literally made me eat to break the fast. And "since that time we have
now five people, one in Texas, who are taking it in the high amounts. They
are people who basically had no wife or children, and no prior commitment,
and therefore were not afraid of it. But, no I have not taken it, just
in very very low amounts."
Could you elaborate on the portion
that says "since that time we now have five people, one in Texas, who are
taking at high amounts.'
David Hudson: Well that was in the
early part of the year. We actually ended up with about nine people who
took it in high amounts.
binga: Were they taking iridium, rhodium
or gold?
David Hudson: Iridium. Rhodium. No
one else has ever taken the gold.
binga: From the Portland appearance:
"My wife just said: 'you will not take it anymore.' And my wife is my partner.
And I will not take it without my wife's permission. But my wife is taking
it now in the low amounts for arthritis, and she's very pleased with the
results, and I think very soon she'll say, 'All right Dave, it's okay,
we can do it together'. And then I'll take it."
David Hudson: My wife is still taking
it believe it or not.
binga: What is she taking?
David Hudson: Rhodium and iridium.
She is taking 100 mg. a day. Her nails are dramatically growing faster.
She is very pleased because she likes having very nice nails. And she is
feeling better.
binga: How is she taking it?
David Hudson: Orally.
binga: Is she doing it sublingually?
David Hudson: No. It is just ingestion
in the stomach--just a capsule.
binga: Is she any closer to giving
her permission?
David Hudson: I think if I wanted to
do it right now she would ok it.
binga: As far as the iridium---
David Hudson: What you got to understand
is this is a commitment. You know, you have to change your whole life style.
I mean it will change, like it or not. And I have made a commitment to
build this plant. And I have to get this plant built. No one else can do
it. So my whole focus now is on getting this plant built. When it's built,
and on line and working, then I will take it.
binga: And we are talking the gold
here, right? Or are we talking rhodium, iridium?
David Hudson: I'll take the rhodium,
iridium first. I think you have to perfect your body before you make it
permanent okay. I just think you need to adjust. This whole thing about
seeing the angels and communicating with the spirits, and all this, you
got to get used to it I think.
binga: Yes. It's not something you
just decide you are going to do one day.
David Hudson: I think it's heavy duty
stuff. I think a person really needs to think about it before they do it.
binga: Yes. I'm finding that more and
more. Even with faced with the choices of taking this other material. Let's
just say that it did perform the way they say--I feel that I need to be
here at present, 100% here, because I have work to do. And maybe later
I will take it, depending on what's going on. Let's see. No one has taken
the gold. When you took little amounts, did you take gold?
David Hudson: Yes it was.
binga: Did you have any affects?
David Hudson: I don't know. You tell
me.
binga: I didn't know you before that.
You may be psychic for all I know.
David Hudson: I do just seem to have
information. I don't know where it comes from. I accept it. It seems to
be correct, it seems to be accurate, and there is a lot of things I do
know. But people will become very uncomfortable if I start talking about
this. I have to get this plant built. That's what I can tell you.
binga: How much did you take over that
three day period--did you measure it?
David Hudson: We dispersed it in water.
I had a jug of water that I was drinking from that contained the gold.
Probably 4 or 5 mg. total.
binga: And it was in a one-gallon jug?
David Hudson: Water, yeah.
binga: Has anyone to date completed
the full iridium/rhodium course?
David Hudson: No.
binga: Is anybody scheduled to?
David Hudson: I don't know what the
full course is.
binga: Well, has anybody gone nine
months?
David Hudson: No one has ever taken
it past six months.
binga: There are people who are obviously
taking it now--for a variety of reasons.
David Hudson: No.
binga: Nobody is taking it?
David Hudson: No one is taking it for
philosophical reasons now.
binga: We are skipping to another question--because
in your January newsletter you mention that two people have purchased large
quantities of white powder for ingestion.
David Hudson: That is correct. But
it is not gold.
binga: I thought we were talking iridium/rhodium.
David Hudson: Iridium/rhodium--no.
No one is taking it. There is some people who have taken it in high amounts
for their own personal reasons. But they can't just say Dave I've got to
have it. Give it to me.
binga: To your knowledge no one has
taken it for nine months. Its only been six months.
David Hudson: You know the material
is too expensive first of all. I feel embarrassed asking the amount of
money it takes and they feel embarrassed paying it. So the best thing to
do is just wait until the plant is on line and then it will be very inexpensive
and lots of it.
binga: Well the reason I asked that
question is that there are some people who would like to get first person
anecdotal information from people who have taken the material.
David Hudson: All of the medical studies
we are doing I think will show the information they are going to need.
And then what they should do is just ease into it very gently themselves.
binga: When will you be able to make
that information available?
David Hudson: Well I am sharing it.
I'm just not giving you the names of the people. This next newsletter is
going to have more specific information. Will actually have the names of
the companies that are doing the testing and some of the results. Also
got some charts that show-- And they are doing studies on healthy tissue
as well as cancer tissue. They are finding there seems to be no adverse
affect on healthy tissue.
binga: Are you going to be giving the
amounts that are administered?
David Hudson: These are cell culture
studies. And you know this sounds like science, but in fact this is what's
happening. These are living cells--taken out of the body and are grown
in these cell cultures.
binga: We are waiting for that information,
and that's great.
David Hudson: That is very significant
information.
binga: Absolutely. Because what has
been going on now is we get all these accounts that are third- and forth-person
hearsay and you never know who is saying what about anything, and what
is true and what's not.
David Hudson: If I seem a little conservative
easing into this--you know you have got to be conservative with it.
binga: Well if you don't then we'll
get down the line and people will go 'yeah, well what about this', and
'what about the blind studies', and 'what about--'. You know, it's not
that you have to prove yourself, but people will want to have things substantiated
using the scientific method. That's what most of the people consider.
David Hudson: You got it. I'll be sure
I have all of it.
binga: That's what I'm dealing with
on a day-to-day basis.
David Hudson: If they can't get it
from me, they are going to hit you over the head.
binga: Well no. I can't tell them what
I don't know. That's one of the big rules. You know we can't talk about
things we don't have first -hand information or experiential information--because
that's how rumors get started and that's how misinformation gets perpetuated,
and I'm simply not going to be a part of that.
You mentioned an Arizona guy back in
the Dallas lecture--that he had become really disturbed, that he lived
in north Phoenix--
David Hudson: If you have listened
to the tapes I made down there Florida, I do discuss that thoroughly. What's
happened to him--
binga: I was there...
David Hudson: Play the tape again,
binga: Okay, I've got a note here,
Tampa.
Are we ever going to be able to talk
with people who have taken this stuff?
David Hudson: I will be giving you
the names of the people doing the research. The people who took it initially
with me--that was illegal. So you know I really incriminate myself if I
give specific things with that. But the work that's being reproduced under
NIH auspices and the doctors who are working with the cell cultures, and
all that--I will be giving you all their names when I have the written
reports in my hands. And anybody can call them to confirm it, you know
'did you actually do this', 'was this the result you saw'--you know because
I'll have the documents in my hands. I can tell people that when I have
the documents in my hands.
binga: If you wouldn't mind, if you
would check with them if they could set up an E-mail address for questions.
David Hudson: You know these people
are research people. They are not in the business of answering, so it would
be best rather than everybody call these people--one person or two people
call and then make the information available.
binga: Well, I would rather answer
E-mail than have to take a phone call. I personally wouldn't post the E-mail
address unless they gave their permission, but if they are of the mind
to do that...just say E-mail to them and see if they are willing.
David Hudson: I've never done it. I
know nothing about it.
binga: You know nothing about no computers.
I'm going to drag you into this whether you like it or not.
David Hudson: I need to give that to
you too. The new number for the ORMEs LLC. Area code (602) 237-3119. Fax
number: (602) 237-3099. This is the number for Science of the Spirit memberships.
They are sending out all these letters that everybody is going to scream
about in the next two weeks--to all the people who have the IOU's. This
number is answered from 9 - 5 weekdays. See I'm going to quit taking these
calls before long.
binga: Are you?
David Hudson: Yeah. Only people who
have medical problems will I talk to. You would be surprised of the people
who listen to these tapes and still want to get memberships. They are still
calling me.
Mod. Note: As of June 21, there were
800 of the 5000 SOSF memberships were still available. On the date of this
interview there were 152 IOUs/post-dated checks and 120 people on the waiting
list. Letters indicating a payment deadline of July 1, have been mailed
but as SOSF receives a large amount of mail daily, it is hard to estimate
the number of memberships still available (if any) until after the July
1 deadline has passed.
binga: Are you considering putting
a warning on the packaging of this material.
David Hudson: Nope.
binga: Caution. Don't operate heavy
machinery. Especially if you are having Kundalini experiences.
David Hudson: By the time membership
starts getting this material I think we will be very conversant on the
subject of this material. And there seems to be no adverse affects, so
whatever they do with it is totally up to them. They can dump it in the
river or they can swallow it all at one intake, I don't care. They will
have to pump their stomach to get rid of it.
binga: When do you anticipate getting
it out?
David Hudson: I'm still looking at
March or April of next year. It will be online around the first of the
year. The equipment is going to start arriving in the next week. All the
floors are painted, the buildings are up, the asphalt is laid, the security
fences are up, security gates. Electricity is to the property. We are just
going to bring whatever electricity we need to run everything.
binga: Did you get the death rays out
too?
David Hudson: Yes I did. I know how
to do that and know how not to do it.
binga: So what's going on with the
clinical studies? You said that they are doing cell testing on cultures?
David Hudson: Yeah. They reproduced
it. The NIH has reproduced it. Merck Industries has reproduced it. The
place under the rhodium chloride which is the form the rhodium goes to
when taken in the stomach. Rhodium chloride when it is placed in the presence
of the cancer cells, it causes the cancer cells to slow down their activity
by 60%. And that means that they are actually acting like a healthy tissue
not cancer tissue.
binga: So it brings it down to a level
where they are acting normally?
David Hudson: That's correct. And that
has never been seen by any cancer researchers. You know what they are looking
at is killing cancer tissue and not hurting healthy tissue. This doesn't
kill anything. This just slows it down until it acts normal. It seems to
have no affect at all on healthy tissue. And they are very intrigued with
this. How is it working because there seems to be no chemistry involved.
binga: So it seems that cancer cells
are sped up cells.
David Hudson: Yes. They are normal
cells that have literally been altered in some way and this seems to be
correcting it. Now they are measuring the reproduction of the amino acids
and all that are being produced in the DNA when a cell divides, and they
are determining what really is going on the DNA level.
Basically you have got to understand
they cannot grow a healthy tissue over an extended period of time in cell
cultures. They can grow cancer cells very easily. And so what they have
done is to study the healthy tissues to see what affect it had. But they
are not doing long term studies. They are working in cancer because they
can grow it. They are working on liver cancer, breast cancers. All different
kinds of cancers. I have a whole list of them here.
binga: Are they doing AIDS research
too?
David Hudson: They are also doing AIDS
HIV research in New York.
binga: That's on cell cultures also?
David Hudson: No. The HIV is just the
people.
binga: Do they have anything to report
yet?
David Hudson: I should have that paperwork
next week and I intend to have it in the next newsletter.
binga: Boy this is going to be a juicy
newsletter.
David Hudson: It's just going to grow
on you. Heavier and heavier.
binga: With graphs and charts and E-mail
addresses.
David Hudson: We are getting real cocky
now. We are getting enough people to reproduce these results, we are getting
it all documented. I will slowly but surely release this.
binga: So are you supplying them with
the material or are they making it on their own?
David Hudson: Yes. I am giving it to
HIV patients at no charge. I'm giving it to the research people at no charge.
binga: So they are just using your
stuff.
David Hudson: That is correct.
binga: How long have the tests been
going on with the cancer research? It's been a while.
David Hudson: About five months now.
binga: When are they going to release
the information to the public?
David Hudson: The private researcher
who did it initially and found how to put it into the solution, has sent
the material out to other universities and cancer research clinics, to
reproduce the work, and he is now getting back reports on their findings
also. And they are finding the very same thing that he found. And so now
I am getting documentation and paperwork. Now I can start talking about
it.
binga: Once you do that, are you going
to try to go through normal channels like with the FDA?
David Hudson: Well this is not analyzable
so you can't go through normal channels. But there is nothing wrong with
having all the scientific data.
binga: And you are still going to maintain
that it is a religious rite?
David Hudson: If you could lay on your
hands and cure cancer, and every time you go in and lay on your hands you
could cure cancer, and doctors come in and confirm this person has cancer
you lay on your hands and they confirm he doesn't have cancer. That may
not be science, but it has been confirmed scientifically that it works.
binga: The key is that they can't tell
how it works. And if they could tell how, then they would kick it over
to the FDA.
David Hudson: Right. They don't know
how this works. They don't even know what it is that they are testing.
And they are also running blanks, they are also running the same cell culture
under the very same condition except that there is none of the ORMEs there,
and it doesn't work. And they are running standard rhodium tri-chloride
commercially and it doesn't work like this works.
binga: You aren't concerned that somebody
isn't going to step in from the powers that be and---
David Hudson: No. I welcome it. First
they have to tell me what it is they are wanting. But that's why I have
to be careful and don't divulge too much too fast. But we are getting some
very powerful results. And like it or not, when it comes down to--will
this hurt me, what will happen physiologically when I take it in the macro
amount. Basically it perfects the body, and there seems to be no adverse
affect at all. This should really be a comfort to people who are willing
to take it now. What's going to happen psychologically, what's going to
happen to their intuition?
binga: That's just the beginning of
that.
David Hudson: Oh yeah. And you know
I could tell you that physically there will be no damage, but emotionally
boy this is going to get heavy duty real quick.
binga: You had made some references
to DNA modification by sys-platinum? Do you have a reference for that?
David Hudson: Right.
binga: There is a subscriber who works
with tumor immunology who would like to read up on that.
David Hudson: Yeah. He should get a
copy of Platinum Metals Review. Platinum Metals Review is published quarterly
by Johnson Matthey over in London.
binga: Do you have a particular issue?
David Hudson: Every issue has a whole
section on use of precious elements in cancer. Just tell him to get the
last 5-6 years of Platinum Metals Review. Go to a good university, and
if they don't have it Inter Library Loan it.
binga: Do you know what the exact mechanism
is at work when the DNA relaxes and recombines?
David Hudson: No we do not, and that
is what we want to understand, because they have confirmed that the cell
is over here and the rhodium is over there and yet relaxation seems to
occur, and they want to know how is this occurring. Well I tell you it
is through a resonant vibration that we call the Spirit. That's what philosophical
people call it. When we understand what the mechanism is, we will be right
in the middle of the whole philosophy, I guarantee it.
binga: And there is my next question.
Do you have tangible proof of the "light body's" existence?
David Hudson: We have indirect confirmation
of it. We are seeing the results and affects of it. And we are studying
what goes on with it. But I don't think you ever can actually see it or
measure it because I think it's two ways--equal and opposite, and cannot
be measured. It's the same thing as superconductivity. Superconductivity
cannot be directly measured.
binga: The effects can be measured.
David Hudson: That's right. Indirectly
you can see all the effects, but directly there is no direct measurement
because there is no differential, therefore no instrumentation will deflect.
So we are caught with the very same problem as measuring superconductivity.
binga: So could you speculate that
maybe there would be a way of measuring. It just wouldn't involve electro-magnetic
forces.
David Hudson: Well the neat thing about
it is you can actually make these white powders, and seal hem in an ampoule,
and then bring them out into the atmosphere in a sealed ampoule so there
is no air interacting with it. And literally when it passes near the body
and enters your aura it literally floats. So we now have an aura detector.
And no one has ever been able to come up with a machine that interacts
with the aura. Now we have an aura detector.
binga: There was some speculation that
this material can be used as a psionic amplifier, which I guess it would
be the same kind of thing. Not a detector as much, but it would allow a
detector to--and I may be getting into an area that I can't sustain in
intelligent conversation--
David Hudson: It would be inappropriate
for me to comment on that. I don't know enough about it. Is the psionic
detector anything like the sciatic nerve?
binga: I don't think so. From my understanding
psionics is subtle energy field work, and being able to detect subtle energy.
David Hudson: There is a difference
be psychiatry and cell biology. I would rather stay with the cell biology.
binga: We have plenty of other questions
that may be of more importance and you may have already said all you could
say on this, but I was just curious as to your current status on your NIH
alliance.
David Hudson: The NIH funding goes
to Bastyr University and it is administered to them. Bastyr University
simply oversees the doctors who have registered with them, and keeps track
of the patients who are working under the doctors super vision. That's
all they do. They do not administer anything. They simply keep records
and document what's going on.
binga: So they don't know what's going
on, other than this person is signed up to--
David Hudson: Well I have been up there
and they know it involves my material and this doctor is working with me.
They know that it is not on record.
binga: So you have one guy who is working,
and this is the AIDS project?
David Hudson: That's correct. We are
going to have so much hard information on that--See the next year they
will proceed with those things that seem to be working best.
binga: Are you currently doing any
genetic research?
David Hudson: Yeah. That's what all
these people in cancer research are--they are geneticists. The man who
actually found this first is a man who literally takes the DNA apart and
puts the genes where he wants them and puts them back together. And he
is speaking in Europe right now. Last week and this week he is speaking
over there on the problems of the genetic changes in the engineered materials
that are coming on the market, and the potential changes that occur in
our DNA due to those DNA changes.
binga: Has he already spoken?
David Hudson: He is speaking. In Copenhagen,
Britain, Rome, all over the place.
binga: Would you be able to say who
he is and where he is speaking?
David Hudson: No. I promised him anonymity
for a few more weeks. All they got to do is find out about those conferences
where these hearings are going on. He spoke over her at the hearing in
Canada the week before last. This week and next week.. he is going to go
over on Wednesday.
binga: What is he speaking on again?
David Hudson: They are having hearings
over there on the use of engineered genetic material in food stuffs. Hearings
all over the Common Market counters. Whether to allow it, and to license
it, and to put it on the market. Whether you should tell the public about
it, or let them just slip it in. And he is just saying that he believes
that the public should be made aware that this is genetically engineered
material. You should let them decide whether they want it. But don't make
them think it's the very same thing they have been eating for thousands
of years because its not. Of course the people, Monsanto, and people like
this, who are making it, don't want the public to know about it. If it
gets on the market, then you got no choice. You got to have this stuff.
binga: So this is the same man that's
doing the cancer research?
David Hudson: He is the one that did
the initial cancer research, yes. He is very prominent and very articulate,
and very well-respected in that community. He used to work with the NIH.
Everybody knows him. People could put two-and-two together and figure out
who he is.
binga: The next two questions call
for speculation: Several of us are wondering if perhaps ORMEs does nothing,
but rather there are non-physical entities feeding us this info through
you, and that consuming white powder gold enables them to manipulate the
mind thereby causing the symptoms in the user that are attributed to ORMEs.
This may be for their own agenda whether it be for good or evil. This could
also be said for the "existence" of "chakras" and "Kundalini flow". Perhaps
they are using the scientific and philosophical info to fool the best scientific
minds on the planet into thinking that it is the ORMEs that is creating
these effects.
David Hudson: Obviously this person
is not a member of the Science of Spirit Foundation, and I strongly encourage
them not to become a member until they can reconcile this in their own
self.
binga: If ORMEs was the manna of the
children of Israel during their 40 years of wandering in the desert, why
didn't they exhibit any of the effects of it? History shows that they maintained
their negative characteristics even though they used manna for many years.
How do you explain this? And I have some references from the Dallas Lecture
that says, and I will paraphrase it--you will have a new name when you
ingest this, and you will be a different person. When you become filled
with the spirit, when you become filled with the chrism, you are not the
same person you were before.
David Hudson: Right. Yeah, I wasn't
there when the Hebrew people were supposedly communing the God.
binga: You weren't?
David Hudson: No I wasn't. But I believe
when you carefully study the story of Moses you find out that there is
actually two books. There is the one when God dwelt with them at the time
of Sinai. And there is another book. And if you carefully study the story
of the Exodus, there is actually two texts here, written by two completely
separate authors. I don't know, and I cannot say whether or not Moses actually
existed, okay? I can't say that. I don't know that he really existed.
I believe that he symbolizes. And the
Exodus symbolized a time when God dwelt with the people. And I think after
Sinai, it symbolized a time when God withdrew from the people. I think
this is in all the ancient texts you read. All of them talk about a time
when the Gods lived here and dwelt with us, and we knew the Gods.
And then a time when the God left and
then we were here by ourselves. And I think that's a symbolic meaning of
the story of the Exodus. I think it's like many other things in the early
part of the Bible. It's truth and it's accurate as far as the nature of
the story, but it doesn't mean that every piece of it is recorded history.
And so I really just think every person has to read it for their own self.
Don't ask me--read it themselves. Read the books that I presented. Don't
judge me, judge the books. Let them stand on their own merits.
I told everybody, you can have twenty
people standing on four corners of an intersection and have two cars run
together and have an accident. Walk around and interview everyone standing
there who saw the accident, and there is twenty people and you will have
17, 18 different versions.
binga: You may have 42 different versions.
They may change their minds after they hear the person next to them.
David Hudson: So you know what I do
is I read the texts. And when I begin to see text from India, texts from
China, Japan, text from Turkey, text from Hebrew, text from Africa. They
all basically tell the same conceptual stories. Then I say "These are coincidences."
So you know I'm not saying it's so,
I'm saying boy it's interesting. And we see that these aspects of it all
are correct. When the accident occurs, you interview all the people. But
basically they will all agree on several things. First of all there is
two cars, they ran together. There is something that everybody agrees on.
Now beyond that you find out that you find out that everybody has their
own perspective and bias. So you have to take all that with a grain of
salt.
People should approach this, that what
I am working with is like taking an iron pill. And you know you get up
to certain levels of iron and it begins to be toxic and you have a problem.
Well we are finding there is no toxicity. So I think it's part of proper
health and nutrition to have this in their body. All these elements help
protect the organs and help us perform as we should.. Okay, that we know.
What else does it do? I just find it intriguing that this possibility might
exist. And what we have tested thus far indicates that it is happening.
binga: If just 1% of what you're saying
happens, it's a miracle.
David Hudson: Yes it is. And so I'm
saying, is it not enough we are going to have fuel cells. Is it not enough
we are going to have metaloceramics and [turbulent, turbo?] propulsion
system. Is it not enough we are going to cure cancer and HIV. Are these
not enough? Must you have philosophical also?
binga: We want biolocation!
David Hudson: Okay. I hear you. We
will show you, I think, how this will happen and how it can be done. I
think this material will dramatically assist you in doing that. But I can't
prove it at this time, so it is better that I don't represent that it's
going to do this.
binga: There are currently products
on the market which reportedly contain monatomic. Have you tested these
products?
David Hudson: Which ones.
binga: Etherium Gold, Isis White Powder
Gold
David Hudson: I tested Isis White Powder.
I've tested Etherium. I've tested Manitol 100. None of them contain any
gold.
binga: Acemannan?
David Hudson: Acemannan does not contain
any gold but it contains 90% rhodium.
binga: Maharishi Amrit Kalash?
David Hudson: I don't have the numbers
but it is quite high in rhodium and iridium both.
binga: What process did you use to
test it?
David Hudson: That was done at MIU.
They actually did the analysis with my supervision. I was showing them
how to do quantitative analysis upon natural products, and they actually
have the numbers, not me.
binga: So you did a bench mark test
with all those other materials?
David Hudson: No, with the Amrit Kalash.
I just said, give me some material that you use for medicinal purposes
for cancer or for HIV. And they said well that would be Amrit Kalash. I
said fine, lets take some of it and it looks like. Let's scoop some of
it up and do an analysis on it. And we ran it about a week and a half.
We did quantitative separation of rhodium and iridium, and there's a bunch.
binga: The highest you found in anything?
David Hudson: Oh no. The Acemannan
is the highest we found in anything. We are talking about probably 10%
maybe of both. [Rhodium and iridium in the Amrit Kalash]
binga: As opposed to your 100%.
David Hudson: That's correct. Or opposed
to 90% like Acemannan of the rhodium.
binga: Oh, so 10% vs. 90%.
David Hudson: Yes. Acemannan is a very,
very special product. That's why when McDaniels was there in Dallas, I
acknowledged his work.
binga: Are you aware there is a guy
in Canada making some?
David Hudson: Making what?
binga: Acemannan.
David Hudson: No. And I'm not aware
of that material. I'm only aware of Carrington Laboratory's material.
binga: Is it possible to measure parts
per million with the analysis you did on the Etherium?
David Hudson: Well on their label they
claim they have 64 parts per million. If they are analyzing it the way
they claim, it is a metallic and therefore a poison. Okay? If it is really
there by the way they analyze work, it is not doing any good in your body.
binga: So there is no way to check
this spectroscopically and analyze the monatomics.
David Hudson: That's right. There is
no way they are doing it, I absolutely guarantee it.
binga: What is the way you analyze
for monatomics?
David Hudson: That's part of the proprietary
process. You chemically do the analysis.
binga: Are there any labs that are
qualified to analyze at this point?
David Hudson: Not that I have been
able to hire. I have been to the best.
binga: And nobody is capable of doing
it?
David Hudson: They can be taught. I
paid some to do it and taught them. But they had to sign confidentiality
agreements. They can't do it now commercially.
binga: So how did you do it at MIU.?
You just told them how to do it?
David Hudson: Yes. I stayed there with
them and walked them through the whole process.
binga: So when you tested the Etherium
and Isis, you tested it I guess with your own lab?
David Hudson: Yes. My own master chemist.
binga: Do you have any comments about
Etherium, other than it doesn't have monatomics in it and it's toxic if
monatomics are being assayed in the manner they describe?
David Hudson: Many people who have
used it claim that it does help their meditations. Okay. The people who
are serious mediators. All I can tell you is like marijuana will also help
their meditations. You know, I do not know what is really there. I know
that it does not contain monatomic gold.
binga: You don't know if it contains
iridium or rhodium either?
David Hudson: I can absolutely guarantee
as far as the precious elements in the monatomic form, there is zilch there.
You will get more drinking one glass of carrot juice every two or three
days then you get taking their material.
binga: That reminds me. On this Seneca
grape juice thing--we talked about that before, it registers really high
in monatomics. But you said the sugar offsets whatever benefit you might
get. So carrot juice is probably the best.
David Hudson: Yes. That is my opinion.
Mod. Note: I really wish that I'd thought
to ask him "why" sugar offsets the benefits...
binga: Here is a question that references
the Dallas lecture--and I don't want to read it all. It just says where
things burn off at different rates. The question is though, where do --
David Hudson: Don't believe that given
the information I gave you at the Dallas lecture that people can actually
figure out how do this on their own. There is a whole bunch more going
on here that I didn't tell you about.
binga: The question is where do the
normal metallic forms of these elements read?
David Hudson: That was what I was telling
you...where they read. Get a copy of the book which is called the Analytical
Chemistry of the Platinum Group Elements by Ginsburg. And look under spectroscopic
section and you will find all the references.
binga: And this is what you were quoting
in the Dallas lecture?
David Hudson: Right.
binga: Next question. There are a couple
of different things. One in Portland where you are talking about the white
gold fusing into glass.
David Hudson: Yes.
binga: In Portland you say at is at
1160 and from the UK patent it says that it's at 1200. And the question
is what's the exact temperature.
David Hudson: White gold melts at 1160.
But we are doing all this under a controlled atmosphere in a tube furnace
and you have to get above the temperature that it physically melts. 1160
is when gold melts. But you heat a furnace to 1160 with gold and it won't
melt. You have to go above it. So if I tell people 1200 in a patent, at
1200 it will melt. At 1250 you get it to melt.
As long as you get it under a vacuum
system it will melt. And you should know that I have a four-tube furnace,
six foot long tubes, eight inch tubes. And each one has huge vacuum pumps
on each tube. So I can actually pull vacuums on this while I'm heating
it That's my production furnace.
[It's] custom made for IBM. Costs $1.7
million. They ran it for a week and a half and shut it down they sold their
facility--and I ended up getting it. It is such an immense machine, I had
to build a separate building just to put the machine in it.
binga: And the people who were selling
it said, well we don't know what it is but it sure is pretty.
David Hudson: They knew what it was,
they got eight or ten of them here but this one is far bigger than any.
It's just not the kind of thing that people in research need. It has automatic
feeders that actually feed the boats full of material in and yet they never
touch the boat. The boat never touches the tube. It actually feeds it in
and suspends it in there on the feeder, all while in a vacuum. And you
can feed your gases in, and they are being vacuumed out as fast as you
are feeding them in so they never create an atmosphere. They are actually
on a negative pressure all the time.
It is quite fantastic. Twenty-five
feet long, about 10.5' high. I just can't believe I got the thing. Whoa.
It's a brand new machine.
binga: It's better than getting a pony
for Christmas.
David Hudson: The guy that is setting
it all up for me, said Dave buy it. I would ask $550 to $600,000 for it.
That's used.
binga: And they hadn't used it a week,
and it's in perfect condition.
David Hudson: Extra tubes with it and
everything. All the equipment I've got here, with all its glass-lined tanks.
If you can imagine a 15,000 gallon steel tank, glass-lined. Where would
you find such a thing?
binga: Joel & Jerry's Deep Discount?
David Hudson: You know Stouffer Chemical
up in the Bay area is moving to Georgia, and are shutting down their labs,
and everything they had was for sale. Reactors, chemical storage tanks,
glass-lined pipes, valves- everything. They are just scrapping it out salvage.
I bet you I bought thirty glass-lined tanks--and where do you find glass-lined
tanks?
binga: Not at WalMart I'll tell you.
David Hudson: Everybody has gone to
plastic now. I'm heating these acids and so not only does it have to be
chemically resistant, but it has to be high temperature.
When you walk in this building, you
are going to say my God, my God...what is Dave doing in here?
David Hudson: It's going to look like
a petroleum refinery.
binga: Now I know you talked before
about monatomics being non-toxic. How did you determine that monatomics
are not toxic?
David Hudson: Well just from the work
we have done with it. The people who have taken it. There have been no
adverse affects. And now with the cancer studies going on, they have determined
there is no adverse affects. The doctors who are doing it say Dave you
know we would have no reservations about having someone take it. You put
precious metals into these cell cultures and they literally kill the cells
in that area. And this stuff has no affect at all on healthy tissues. None
at all.
binga: So I guess the monatomic osmium--even
though osmium is toxic on a metallic level, wouldn't be a consideration?
David Hudson: Yeah. You just don't
want to be heating it and distilling it because this osmium tetra-oxide
is still poisonous, and it will affect the ocular tissue if you heat it
and volatize it. But in the form you will be getting it and the way you
people will handle it is no problem.
binga: What levels of temperature are
we talking about as far as heating it?
David Hudson: Oh, like 450 degrees.
binga: So it's not like if you left
it in your car.
David Hudson: No.
binga: There is a question as to the
phone number for Argon National Laboratories or where they are.
David Hudson: United States Government
National Research Facility. If they can't find that one I feel sorry for
them. If they call the Argon directory assistance in Argon, Illinois, and
ask for Argon National Laboratories, they will get a number.
binga: And Mike McNallen --
David Hudson: Is not at Argon National--
binga: No, he's MIT metallurgical chemist.
I understand that. Do you have a phone number; is he still at MIT?
David Hudson: Certainly I do.
binga: Is he at MIT still?
David Hudson: No he's not. He is in
the Chicago area.
binga: Okay. Well that's about all
I'm going to get out of you on that one.
David Hudson: You got it.
binga: I can tell when the hole's getting
dry.
You mentioned in several places that
nitrous oxide and also short wave UV light will de-spin the monatomic platinum
group elements into their metallic form?
David Hudson: That's not correct. That's
not what I said.
David Hudson: Ultraviolet light will,
yes.
binga: Will nitrous oxide?
David Hudson: No. That's the wrong
word. For your information, it's nitric oxide. It's not N20, it's not N2O2,
it's NO. It's called nitric oxide.
binga: Okay. So nitric oxide will de-spin
the monatomic platinum group elements into their metallic forms?
David Hudson: It will take them from
the high-spin state back to the low-spin state. They are still monatomic.
It kills the atoms in your body. That's what people have to understand.
It kills the atoms in their body and no longer flows the light in that
area.
binga: The nitric oxide does.
David Hudson: The nitric oxide does.
Okay When it kills it, it also does something else. When it kills it, a
one million electron volt photon is produced and that is gamma level. And
it is always absorbed by the binding atom that is binding it. But the electron
pair that is annihilated is not now under the control of the ORMEs material.
It is now under the control of nitric oxide. And so the nitric oxide now
becomes radioactive carbon 14.
binga: In the body?
David Hudson: In the body. So nitrogen
14 becomes radioactive carbon 14 in the body when it kills the high-spin
state back to low -spin state. This is how they date corpses. When they
find a corpse 15,000 years old, they date it by radioactive carbon.
binga: Yes. Carbon dating.
David Hudson: Because they know that
radioactive carbon 14 appears in living beings, and when they die it stops
being produced. This is what's going on. One-percent of the air you breathe
is nitric oxide. You must breathe oxygen to live, and yet in doing it you
are dying.
binga: Oh, I love that.
David Hudson: And that is a paradox
isn't it. That's the way it works. And these atoms are continually dying
in your body. And you are getting a few more every time you eat the right
stuff, but you are not getting as much as are dying.
binga: So it's a deficit thing.
David Hudson: You only got 70-80 years
and you are gone. The light is actually so diminished that it literally
quits flowing and then stops, and you are dead.
Now, if you could put these atoms back
into the body to offset those that are being pinned then you literally
correct the DNA in all the cells, it could be back like it was when you
were a teenager, and you can live for 800-1000 years.
binga: So you are banking it basically.
David Hudson: That's it.
binga: Okay, we have already covered
the status of the production facility. And you said in March or April you
will start with the distribution?
David Hudson: Right. Ninety days after
it becomes online then we will be able to tally up, divide it up, and send
it out to members.
binga: And how much finished product
per day are you anticipating?
David Hudson: We are looking at least
2300 mg.
Mod. Note: estimated perdiem/per membership
distribution of the monatomic gold is 16-19 mgs gold and 1400-1500 mgs
monoatomic iridium and rhodium.
binga: That's a daily total.
David Hudson: So you will get a shipment
of 90 times that amount.
binga: How do you intend to distribute
it. Is it going out quarterly UPS.
David Hudson: Yes quarterly, and it
will go by UPS right now, unless we can think of somebody who is cheaper.
binga: And in what forms will it come
in? Will it be separated gold, iridium,...
David Hudson: All separated, in individual
containers, depending on the amounts that you are getting. It will be in
individual containers and identified as such. It will be ORME Ruthenium,
ORME Osmium, ORME Platinum, ORME Palladium, ORME Rhodium, ORME Iridium,
and ORME Gold.
binga: So what are you supposed to
do with all those other elements? What do they do?
David Hudson: Well that's what we are
studying. And we will be telling people as we get the results.
binga: Oh so it will be like you get
the red powder and the green powder.
David Hudson: They are all gray to
white. Now if we were making the chloride, then they get dramatically different.
But I believe that it is altogether possible for people who need it for
medicinal purposes, they will want it in the chloride form, because even
though when it absorbs in the body it lets go of the chloride, it does
act as a dispersing agent and makes your body 100% capable of absorbing
all of it. Whereas if you take it as a powder, all the rhodium gets absorbed,
most of the iridium doesn't. So as we develop these results, we will be
sharing that with the membership also.
binga: In the chloride form, is it
a liquid?
David Hudson: No. The chloride form
is a dry powder, but like rhodium is a red powder, gold is an orangy red,
iridium is a green. It is actually a crystalline material.
binga: So you just ingest it?
David Hudson: Yes. But you can put
that in water and dissolve it.
binga: How soon in the future will
everyone on the planet be taking this material.
David Hudson: Within three years.
binga: That quickly?
David Hudson: Yes, you just watch.
Just see what happens. The momentum is just going to build continually.
binga: When you show up on Dateline,
that's when it's going to hit the fan....I know there are some "bad boys'
out there....
David Hudson: They won't understand
it. They'll say 'He's just off his rocker."
binga: Why didn't you sell metallic
gold to finance your production facility?
David Hudson: That's what I tried to
do originally and when I finally learned how to do it, my partners were
not able to deliver the money. That's why I had to sue them. And it was
only the beginning of last year, when I was in total bankruptcy myself
I finally won the judgment against these guys. But I have no money myself.
I had nothing a year ago, nothing. I didn't have a home. I didn't have
anything. How do you built a plant with nothing?
So I'm building a pilot system with
these donations. Now remember, this is a pilot system but it is going to
produce one ton a day of material. We will have finished product coming
out.
binga: How many other facilities are
you going to build?
David Hudson: You watch! This thing
is going to go!
binga: What is your connection to the
Rockefellers?
David Hudson: They had me to the Rockefeller
center. I met with Bootsy Galbreith and Peter Chris [?]. I forgot his name,
anyway the head of the Rockefeller Foundation about this. Bootsy was in
awe of this and came out here to Arizona and spent about a week writing
up all my paperwork for me. She took it back to Peter Chris who is in charge
of both David and Lawrence's money. But she told me Peter was a "one-page'
guy. If it has more than one page, he won't read it. She came back with
about eight or nine inches of folders and documents. And Peter Chris would
never look at it. After about two weeks, she said "Dave, I don't think
he's ever going to read it." And I said, "Send it back Bootsy." So she
sent it back and they have nothing on me now. Ok?
binga: Some people have mailed checks
and had them cashed, and then they haven't heard anything, and hadn't gotten
any newsletters. Do you know what that's about?
David Hudson: If that has happened
and it's been over say a month and a half, tell them to give us a call.
Preferably call the number I just gave you. And if they have a copy of
that check, where they can send us a copy, and it's endorse by us and they
are not listed, we will get them listed. Most of these people just send
a check, and it has only been two or three weeks and they haven't received
anything so they get all nervous.
What I have done now that all the memberships
are sold, I'm holding issuing any memberships until I got these letters
out. Then I told my son to go ahead and take the first 2-300 because I
know we will have that many who will forfeit--and go ahead and send them
their receipt, but to not get crazy on this. To hold back to be sure what
number we have.
binga: You stated before that you were
going to give away the ORMEs material?
David Hudson: That's correct. Yes we
are, we will solicit a donation, but if you don't have the money then we'll
give it to you.
binga: How do you think that will affect
the people of the foundation who have paid for the material?
David Hudson: Everybody had to have
listened to tapes or heard my presentation. So I told everybody on the
tape. They are saying: Dave we want to help build this plant. If we don't
get it built nobody gets anything. A lot of them say they don't care whether
they even have a membership. They just want to help the project.
Well the membership will get it about
a year earlier than the general public. That's what most people want. They
just want it now. The general public will be offered it and people will
not be drawn to it. I
People who come here, present themselves,
and ask for the material, and they say Dave I've given all my money to
the poor and the needy, I don't have any money, yet they drive up in a
brand new Rolls Royce and tell me they don't have any money, I know it's
not true. I think you will see it will all resolve itself okay?
binga: You stated that you can't sell
the material. Why is that?
David Hudson: You can't sell the ORMEs
product.
binga: Because of the foundation?
David Hudson: Well there is all sorts
of legal reasons too, but it's not correct, you're selling the spirit and
the spirit is not to be sold. This is just a substance that literally receives
the spirit vibration and brings it into our material body. You cannot sell
that. That is something that is far greater than money. You go to the wealthiest
man in the world and ask him if he would like to live another year or if
he wants his money, and he will say "God, where do I sign, you can have
all my money." So what's money worth?
We are going to be making $750,000
a day on the balance of the material. 25% is going to the membership, 25%
I'm setting aside to give away. I will give more if people need it.
binga: Well the whole concept of money,
wealth and ownership is going to go out the window anyway.
David Hudson: That's right. And every
bit of my money, whatever it might be, goes to an off-shore trust that
then is all set up to be given away anyway. So if anybody worries what
I'm getting, it's all going for medical research. It isn't really going
for Dave Hudson personally.
binga: Somebody is asking about that
NASA, where you can scrape off the tissue out of the cheek of the astronauts.
David Hudson: Ask Joe Champion about
it. Joe got upset when I said that too. He said where did you find that
out Dave--nobody is supposed to know that. I read about that in one of
the books I had. It is known now, okay? And just ask Joe and he will tell
you. And he can add to the story a little bit.
binga: Has your information been published
by any mainstream physics journals?
David Hudson: Not that I'm aware of.
binga: Will it occur in the near future?
David Hudson: I'm being asked by a
Professor [Bochrist?} to come back down there. He says they are having
a cold fusion conference strictly on the subject of the asymmetric deformed
high-spin state. And he is wanting to talk to me. They may get this published,
I don't know.
binga: Would you be interested in collaborating
with Hal Puthoff?
David Hudson: If Puthoff was interested
in it, but I don't want people pushing Puthoff to do it. I think it is
more appropriate to have somebody like these guys on the cold fusion come
forward with it. They have the credentials, but they are being pooh-poohed
right now. They have something at stake. I think it's more appropriate
to introduce it as the high-spin state. This whole subject is now in all
the journals. Everybody is talking about the high-spin state of these atoms
now.
binga: What's the current state of
the fuel cell research?
David Hudson: You know the fuel cell
research is basically all proven. It's in place right now. GE, Westinghouse,
all these people have it. Most of the patents have run out. The best people
right now is Ballard Research up in Vancouver. We have not contacted them
because when we arrive we are going to bring a bucket of material and just
say mount it in the electrodes for us. We will contract with them and do
it. But right now if you want to check them out, Ballard Research in Vancouver
is by far the most advanced people right now in the solid polymer electrolyte
technology.
binga: Do you see it as something that
is going to be suppressed?
David Hudson: The Energy Power Research
Institute, which does all the advanced testing for all the commercial utility
companies, has concluded that fuel cells are the power system of the 90's.
This is 1996. They are ready right now. The Japanese have built the plants,
they are on-line, all we're waiting for is the catalyst.
binga: Somebody I know has some buckets
of it.
David Hudson: When we arrive, they
are going to welcome us. They are going to say: "Who are you?" And we're
going to say: "We are the guys with the buckets."
binga: Okay, we are down to the last
thing. And the last one is more of a suggestion which deals with something
that this person sees as a genuine obstacle for the commercial success
of the rhodium plant, and how it would affect all of those interested in
seeing your work succeed should this problem go unsolved. The concept occurred
to him the instant he heard you speaking at the Portland appearance. Here
is what he says: You mentioned in your July 1995 Portland presentation
that there is a nine month delay involved in reducing the monatomic state
to metal.
David Hudson: Yeah. I have just successfully
found a way of doing it in about fifteen seconds.
binga: Does it involve nuclear magnetic
resonance?
David Hudson: No it did not.
binga: Do you want to elaborate on
it?
David Hudson: No we do not. The gentleman
who has built it has run it and it's working. And he called and told me
what he was doing an I said I can tell you exactly what to do, and I told
him what he was doing in detail. And he said that's correct. And I assumed
it can be done that way, but I hadn't proved it. And he has done it, built
it. It cost him $26 million, but he's done it. So I bought the equipment
and we are going to be building that also.
binga: Do you want to hear this guy's
suggestion?
David Hudson: What?
binga: Have you considered using NMR
to add energy to the carbon atom in the complex, as a means of transferring
energy into the system?
David Hudson: Yes we have. And we can
actually resonate the nucleus for a period of time, and then switch it
to the next frequency that the nucleus would resonate and literally take
it up in energy step-by-step by doing that. And yes we have followed it,
and it would have to be a complete research project from ground zero to
learn how to do it, and we figured out a way to do/now in about 15 seconds
now and we are building this equipment.
binga: Okay, so you're all set then.
David Hudson: Yes. Mother nature does
it over time, but then we just hit it and it's there.
binga: Now we have talked about this
before, but I wondered if you changed your mind about including information
on a web page.
David Hudson: We have not changed our
mind.
binga: The answer is still no?
David Hudson: Right. Right, no.
binga: Would you give permission to
post past newsletters to the forum?
David Hudson: I would rather not. There
has got to be a reason for being members, and so only when all the memberships
are gone, there is no hope then I will consider it, okay?
binga: There was another question--I
must have skipped it. Are you still writing your book?
David Hudson: I haven't been doing
anything on it, but it will be written and will be published by the time
the plant is in production and marketing to the general public.
binga: Would you be interested in answering
another set of questions at some point?
David Hudson: Not really. I wasn't
interested in this. Only because it's you. I wouldn't do it for anybody
else.
Mod. Note: This concludes the phone
interview with David Hudson. Although I am a member of SOSF and helped
bring David to Tampa, I am in no way officially connected to Hudson or
his organization(s). As such, I do/can/will not speak for him on any subject.
This document is not copyrighted and may be distributed in its entirety
only. To subscribe to the WhiteGold Forum: email WhiteGold@zz.com. To contact
me directly: binga@zz.com.
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
This is padding because I cannot get this FTP
program to upload the entire file without some padding at the end like
this. If you have any ideas about how to solve this problem contact me
at sumro@zz.com
 
 
















That Home Site! Forums - GardenWeb























 




SALE
BATHROOM REMODEL SALE


0Sign In 











PHOTOS 



KITCHEN & DINING 

Kitchen 

Dining Room 

Pantry 

Great Room 





Shop Kitchen & Dining 

Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Bar Stools 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 





BED & BATH 

Bathroom 

Powder Room 

Bedroom 

Baby & Kids 





Shop Bed & Bath 

Bathroom Vanities 

Bathroom Lighting 

Bathroom Sinks 

Faucets 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bath Accessories 

Bedroom Decor 

Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Lamps 





LIVING 

Living Room 

Family Room 

Sunroom 

Home Theater 





Shop Living 

Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

Decorative Accents 

Pillows & Throws 





OUTDOOR 

Landscape 

Patio 

Deck 

Pool 





Shop Outdoor 

Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Outdoor Lounge Sets 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Pots & Planters 

Fire Pits & Accessories 

Outdoor Cooking 

Outdoor Structures 

Backyard Play 

Holiday Decor 





MORE ROOMS 

Exterior 

Entry 

Hall 

Home Office 

Staircase 

Basement 

Laundry 

Garage 

Shed 

Gym 

Home Bar 

Storage & Closet 

Kids' Room 

Nursery 

Playroom 

Wine Cellar 

Porch 

Balcony 







SHOP BY DEPARTMENT 




KITCHEN & DINING



Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Lighting 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 

View All 




FURNITURE



Living Room 

Kitchen & Dining 

Bathroom 

Bedroom 

Home Office 

Storage 

Outdoor 

View All 






BATH



Bathroom Vanities 

Lighting 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Faucets 

Bathroom Sinks 

Bath Accessories 

Bath Linens 

Medicine Cabinets 

View All 




DECOR



Decorative Accents 

Rugs 

Mirrors 

Wall Decor 

Artwork 

Pillows & Throws 

Window Treatments 

View All 






BEDROOM



Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Bedroom Decor 

Lamps 

Dressers 

Nightstands 

Closet Storage 

Futons 

Benches 

Chaises 

View All 




HOME IMPROVEMENT



Bathroom Fixtures 

Kitchen Fixtures 

Tile 

Hardware 

Heating & Cooling 

Building Materials 

Tools & Equipment 

View All 






LIVING



Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

View All 




OUTDOOR



Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Outdoor Structures 

Outdoor Cooking 

View All 






LIGHTING



Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Bathroom & Vanity 

Wall Sconces 

Flush-Mounts 

Ceiling Fans 

Table Lamps 

Floor Lamps 

Kitchen & Cabinet 

Outdoor Lighting 

View All 




MORE



Storage & Organization 

Housekeeping 

Home Office Products 

Home Bar 

Baby & Kids 

Holiday Decor 

Pet Supplies 

View All 







FIND PROFESSIONALS 



DESIGN & REMODELING 

Architects & Building Designers 

Design-Build Firms 

General Contractors 

Home Builders 

Interior Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Remodelers 

Landscape Architects & Designers 

Landscape Contractors 

Swimming Pool Builders 





HOME IMPROVEMENT 

Building Supplies 

Cabinets & Cabinetry 

Carpet Dealers 

Deck & Patio Builders 

Door Dealers 

Fireplaces 

Garage Door Sales 

Handyman 

Hardwood Flooring Dealers 

Paint & Wall Coverings 

Siding & Exteriors 

Tile, Stone & Countertops 

Window Dealers 





HOME SERVICES 

Air Conditioning & Heating 

Electricians 

Furniture Repair & Upholstery 

Garage Door Repair 

Gardeners & Lawn Care 

Movers 

Painters 

Pest Control 

Plumbers 

Roofing & Gutters 

Spa & Pool Maintenance 

Tree Services 





CLEANING SERVICES 

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners 

Chimney Cleaners 

Exterior Cleaners 

House Cleaners 

Stone Cleaners 

Window Cleaners 





View All Pros




STORIES & ADVICE 




STORIES FROM HOUZZ



Most Popular 

Houzz Tours 

Kitchen Guides 

Bathroom Guides 

Decorating Guides 

More Rooms 

Remodeling 

Architecture 

Landscape Design 

Garden Guides 

Fun Houzz 

Life 




HOUZZ TV








HOUZZ DISCUSSIONS



Design Dilemma 

Before & After 

Polls 

Pro-to-Pro 




GARDENWEB DISCUSSIONS



Garden Forums 

Home Forums 

Nature Forums 

Exchanges & Trading 







SALE 





ON SALE - UP TO 75% OFF


Bathroom Vanities


Chandeliers


Bar Stools


Pendant Lights


Rugs


Living Room Chairs


Dining Room Furniture


Wall Lighting


Coffee Tables


Side & End Tables


Home Office Furniture


Sofas


Bedroom Furniture


Lamps


Mirrors





 BATHROOM REMODEL SALE







                                                        Up to 65% Off                                                    

                                                    Bathroom Sinks & Faucets 







                                                        Under $1,000                                                    

                                                    Farmhouse Vanities 









                                                        Up to 70% Off                                                    

                                                    Bath Linens 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Bathroom Bestsellers 


























Houzz Discussions
 
 
All Discussions

  
Design Dilemma

  
Before & After

  
Polls

  
Photo Questions

  
Using Houzz

  
Other

 

GardenWeb Discussions
 
 
All Discussions

  
Garden Forums

  
Home Forums

  
More Forums

  
FAQs

 

 


Home Forums
THE HOUSEAntiques & CollectiblesApartment LivingAppliancesBasementsBathroomsBuilding a HomeBuying and Selling HomesCleaning TipsElectrical WiringElectronicsFireplacesFlooringFurnitureGarages/WorkshopsHeating & Air ConditioningHome DecoratingHome DisastersHome EntertainmentHome RepairHousehold FinancesKitchensLaundry RoomLightingManufactured HomesMoney Saving TipsMetalworkingThe Old HouseOrganizing the HomePaintPlumbingPools & SpasPorches & DecksRemodelingRenewable Energy for the HomeSmaller HomesStained Glass & MosaicsWindowsWoodworkingCOOKINGBeveragesCookingCooking OutdoorsCookwareDessert ExchangeEntertainingOnce-a-Week CookingRecipe ExchangeSpecial Diet RecipesVegetarian ExchangeWineFIBER & NEEDLE ARTSCross-StitchingEmbroideryFiber & Needle Arts ExchangeKnitting & CrochetingQuiltingSewingCOMPUTERSComputer HelpGraphics & ScanningWeb AuthoringPETS & ANIMALSPetsAnimal DebatesFINANCESBuying and Selling HomesHousehold FinancesMoney Saving TipsRetirementSOCIALIZINGBeauty & FashionEntertainingEDUCATIONSchoolMISCELLANYCarsFish & GameFootballMotorcycles/ScootersReader's ParadiseHEALTHCare GiversDiet ClubExercise & NutritionGrievingHealthMenopauseFAMILYCare GiversGrandparentsGrievingMarriageParentsParents of InfantsParents of ToddlersThe Single LifeStepfamiliesVacationsWeddingsTHS COMMUNITYGet-TogethersThe Kitchen TableCRAFTS & HOBBIESClay and CeramicsComputer CraftsCrafts & DecorationsDecorative & Tole paintingDollmakingElectronicsHolidaysPaper ArtsPhotographyScrapbooksSoap & Candle MakingStained Glass & MosaicsTrash To TreasureWoodworking
 













United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland France Россия 日本 Italia España Danmark Sverige Ireland Singapore New Zealand India 


COMPANY

About HouzzIn the NewsPress InfoCareersContact UsTerms & PrivacyCopyright & Trademark 


EXPLORE HOUZZ

Buttons & BadgesMobile AppsFor ProfessionalsWrite a ReviewFAQs 


CONNECT WITH US

Houzz BlogTwitterFacebookGoogle+YouTubeRSS 



United States
United Kingdom
Australia
Deutschland
France
Россия
日本
Italia
España
Danmark
Sverige
Ireland
Singapore
New Zealand
India


						© 2017 Houzz Inc. Houzz® The new way to design your home™
					





 















































Hudson Reed Faucets - Good or Bad ?
































 




SALE
BATHROOM REMODEL SALE


0Sign In 











PHOTOS 



KITCHEN & DINING 

Kitchen 

Dining Room 

Pantry 

Great Room 





Shop Kitchen & Dining 

Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Bar Stools 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 





BED & BATH 

Bathroom 

Powder Room 

Bedroom 

Baby & Kids 





Shop Bed & Bath 

Bathroom Vanities 

Bathroom Lighting 

Bathroom Sinks 

Faucets 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bath Accessories 

Bedroom Decor 

Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Lamps 





LIVING 

Living Room 

Family Room 

Sunroom 

Home Theater 





Shop Living 

Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

Decorative Accents 

Pillows & Throws 





OUTDOOR 

Landscape 

Patio 

Deck 

Pool 





Shop Outdoor 

Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Outdoor Lounge Sets 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Pots & Planters 

Fire Pits & Accessories 

Outdoor Cooking 

Outdoor Structures 

Backyard Play 

Holiday Decor 





MORE ROOMS 

Exterior 

Entry 

Hall 

Home Office 

Staircase 

Basement 

Laundry 

Garage 

Shed 

Gym 

Home Bar 

Storage & Closet 

Kids' Room 

Nursery 

Playroom 

Wine Cellar 

Porch 

Balcony 







SHOP BY DEPARTMENT 




KITCHEN & DINING



Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Lighting 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 

View All 




FURNITURE



Living Room 

Kitchen & Dining 

Bathroom 

Bedroom 

Home Office 

Storage 

Outdoor 

View All 






BATH



Bathroom Vanities 

Lighting 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Faucets 

Bathroom Sinks 

Bath Accessories 

Bath Linens 

Medicine Cabinets 

View All 




DECOR



Decorative Accents 

Rugs 

Mirrors 

Wall Decor 

Artwork 

Pillows & Throws 

Window Treatments 

View All 






BEDROOM



Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Bedroom Decor 

Lamps 

Dressers 

Nightstands 

Closet Storage 

Futons 

Benches 

Chaises 

View All 




HOME IMPROVEMENT



Bathroom Fixtures 

Kitchen Fixtures 

Tile 

Hardware 

Heating & Cooling 

Building Materials 

Tools & Equipment 

View All 






LIVING



Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

View All 




OUTDOOR



Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Outdoor Structures 

Outdoor Cooking 

View All 






LIGHTING



Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Bathroom & Vanity 

Wall Sconces 

Flush-Mounts 

Ceiling Fans 

Table Lamps 

Floor Lamps 

Kitchen & Cabinet 

Outdoor Lighting 

View All 




MORE



Storage & Organization 

Housekeeping 

Home Office Products 

Home Bar 

Baby & Kids 

Holiday Decor 

Pet Supplies 

View All 







FIND PROFESSIONALS 



DESIGN & REMODELING 

Architects & Building Designers 

Design-Build Firms 

General Contractors 

Home Builders 

Interior Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Remodelers 

Landscape Architects & Designers 

Landscape Contractors 

Swimming Pool Builders 





HOME IMPROVEMENT 

Building Supplies 

Cabinets & Cabinetry 

Carpet Dealers 

Deck & Patio Builders 

Door Dealers 

Fireplaces 

Garage Door Sales 

Handyman 

Hardwood Flooring Dealers 

Paint & Wall Coverings 

Siding & Exteriors 

Tile, Stone & Countertops 

Window Dealers 





HOME SERVICES 

Air Conditioning & Heating 

Electricians 

Furniture Repair & Upholstery 

Garage Door Repair 

Gardeners & Lawn Care 

Movers 

Painters 

Pest Control 

Plumbers 

Roofing & Gutters 

Spa & Pool Maintenance 

Tree Services 





CLEANING SERVICES 

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners 

Chimney Cleaners 

Exterior Cleaners 

House Cleaners 

Stone Cleaners 

Window Cleaners 





View All Pros




STORIES & ADVICE 




STORIES FROM HOUZZ



Most Popular 

Houzz Tours 

Kitchen Guides 

Bathroom Guides 

Decorating Guides 

More Rooms 

Remodeling 

Architecture 

Landscape Design 

Garden Guides 

Fun Houzz 

Life 




HOUZZ TV








HOUZZ DISCUSSIONS



Design Dilemma 

Before & After 

Polls 

Pro-to-Pro 




GARDENWEB DISCUSSIONS



Garden Forums 

Home Forums 

Nature Forums 

Exchanges & Trading 







SALE 





ON SALE - UP TO 75% OFF


Bathroom Vanities


Chandeliers


Bar Stools


Pendant Lights


Rugs


Living Room Chairs


Dining Room Furniture


Wall Lighting


Coffee Tables


Side & End Tables


Home Office Furniture


Sofas


Bedroom Furniture


Lamps


Mirrors





 BATHROOM REMODEL SALE







                                                        Up to 65% Off                                                    

                                                    Bathroom Sinks & Faucets 







                                                        Under $1,000                                                    

                                                    Farmhouse Vanities 









                                                        Up to 70% Off                                                    

                                                    Bath Linens 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Bathroom Bestsellers 
























 
   
GardenWeb Topics

 
								/							

Home Forums

 
								/							

Bathrooms


 





Hudson Reed Faucets - Good or Bad ?


dreamywhiteMarch 5, 2009 


After admiring a recent finished bathroom photo on here by Sweeby (beautiful!) I came across a new product in my vocabulary "Hudson Reed" and after looking at their website I fell in love with their classic faucets. The price is very good but my husband is extremely picky about good faucets and leaking. So in everyone's opinion are these faucets worth the money? I am comparing them to standard Kohler, Moen and American Standard that don't leak. I LUV the look very much and must convince my husband that they won't leak. So please tell me your experience with them.














Email 

Comment43Bookmark1Like1 






			Comments (43)		 

 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sweeby That beautiful Hudson Reed faucet was one I picked up on eBay for $68 -- seriously! Actually, I got two of them for $68 because the first one that arrived had a small 'nick' in one of the handles, so I wrote to HR asking for a replacement handle. They sent me a replacement faucet with most gracious apologies for my trouble, insisting that I keep both as it wasn't fair to ask me to ship it back. (And the nick was small enough that I decided to use the second faucet anyway rather than buy another one...)
Though I hear they are probably made in China, they appear to be very well made -- heavy, nice surfaces, smooth turning action, no plastic parts. The 'made in China theory' certainly makes sense given the price, though I saw no evidence of that in the workmanship, and Hubby - who is also very picky - was favorably impressed. He did the plumbing, and agrees with those who say "You have to read the instructions, and the instructions are lousy" - but otherwise really likes the faucets.
Would I buy them again? For a lavatory faucet, absolutely! The risk simply isn't that great. You can put a drip pan in the vanity if you're nervous, and a lavatory faucet is easy to replace down the road if need be.
We also used one of their exposed valve shower fixtures and are very happy with it. Since we bought ours (which is also very nice and heavy - works great), the price has been cut nearly in half, so I can't see how it could be exactly the same item. For that reason alone, I'd have trouble recommending it. While I had some reservations before buying mine, for the price difference between the HR and the Rohl, I figured the chance was worth taking. PLUS, if it didn't work well, since the valve was surface mounted rather than inside a wall, again - the risk was lower.





 2 Likes   

Bookmark                           
                        March 5, 2009 at 3:38PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

dreamywhite Thank you for your quick response. Do you or does your husband know if they are made of the solid brass construction like Kohler? The website does not state much and I asked 2 questions on their website last evening with no response as of yet. I need to also know if the rough in valve comes with the wall mounted tub filler, again the website does not state unless I am missing something. We have a regular but extra large tub going in and then a walk in shower which I already purchased the Kohler faucets for. I just LUV the look of the HD Topaz faucets and want to get 2 to match the tub filler. I'm just scared cuz if they turn out to be like a generic brand like PP or something my hubby is not going to be happy. He just spent 2 hours fixing an old faucet last evening that was a generic brand. I'm glad to hear that your husband did the plumbing and mine will also. These are the prettiest ones for the money I must admit.
Here is a link that might be useful: Hudson Reed Wall Mounted Tub Filler




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 5, 2009 at 4:12PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sweeby "Do you or does your husband know if they are made of the solid brass construction like Kohler?"
Sorry - I simply don't know...They were pretty good about answering my emails, so I'd wait to hear from them.
Can't say about the valve on the tub filler either... I'd assume not sisnce it isn't shown. But you never know for sure...




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 5, 2009 at 4:56PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sherri_09 I was glad to see this post because the Hudson Reed faucet in Sweeby's beautiful bathroom also caught my eye. Sweeby, I'm especially interested in your exposed shower system.I have been researching these and trying to find one that fits my budget. The Hudson Reed systems are at a price that also makes me concerned they are too good to be true. They state they are made of brass. I know that you expressed concern the quality has changed since you purchased yours, but can you tell me how you like the handshower of the one you currently have? Would the handshower be sufficient to use on it's own w/out the rainshower head? Mrs. Limestone has a Sign of the Crab shower system that she likes, except she said that the handshower does not have enough pressure. She said she is not sure whether that's due to the handshower itself or her plumbing. Is your system thermostatic? I have been swooning over your recent batrhoom pictures, and then I saw your recent post w/the exposed shower system. Absolutely beautiful!




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 6, 2009 at 3:23PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

raehelen Hi DW,
We have a HR shower set (not installed yet-plumbing inspector just left- so maybe soon? :>). DH says it is solid brass, and thinks that even the knobs etc, are chrome plated solid brass. Everything looks really well-made and it is very heavy.
I cannot find a 'made in ______' anywhere. ON none of the literature/boxes, etc. But one box did have a label that said NAmerican Shower Head.
So can't tell you anything yet about how it works- just excited that maybe soon...
Here's our HR shower set:





 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 6, 2009 at 3:52PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sweeby Hi Sherri - The 'too good to be true' bit is exactly what my concern would be. Maybe read recent online reviews to see if their customer service feedback is still fabulous?
The handshower is amazing! Not just good, but amazing! The best I've ever experienced. I use the rain shower head for most of my shower, but switch to the handheld for rinsing shampoo out of my hair. It's a strong, powerful spray and the fixture itself also feels solid and heavy. Now we do have a good dedicated water supply, and I generally shower at odd hours, so that may be a factor. But the handheld itself is really nice. (I hate those little flimsy ones!)




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 6, 2009 at 4:55PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

dreamywhite Well I went ahead and purchased the tub filler and 2 matching faucets today, was nice to have the free shipping and I found a 5% off coupon online. So we'll wait and see - I hope it was worth the money - oh and the valve did come with the tub filler as their email to me stated today.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 6, 2009 at 7:30PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

acountryfarm I would have ordered from them had I found them sooner. I had already placed my faucet order (when I found them) and spent a small fortune. I love Hudson Reed and would have saved a bundle. I have heard only good things about them.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 6, 2009 at 10:12PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

dreamywhite Finally received the faucets - husband HATED them and said he will not install them no matter what. Something about compression fittings and total problems down the road. Said they were the construction of faucets when our grandparents were small. So at least they are letting me return them to NY at my shipping cost for a full refund. So dissapointed they are really nice looking in real life. But I think I'm going with Kohler bancroft now - I better stick to name brands :)




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        March 13, 2009 at 9:32PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

jpmvan I took a chance and ordered an exposed Hudson Reed thermostatic shower valve, similar to Sweeby's. It is the 3/4" version which has a slightly different look that is very similar to the Restoration Hardware version.
I have not installed it yet or taken it apart to see how it works, but I'm very impressed with the appearances. The valve is very heavy, solid brass and the chrome plating on all the parts is perfect. The other elbow fittings and couplings and shower rose are all also quite solidly made of brass/metal with a nice chrome finish. I'm impressed by the little details, like the lever handle on the valve and the hand grip on the shower handset are porcelain instead of plastic. The only exposed piece of plastic is a non-essential wall mounted hose organizer for the hand shower that I don't plan on using. The HR valve has an adjustable mount for the hand shower that installs on the exposed pipes, whereas the Restoration Hardware valve has a wall mount bracket.
The Restoration Hardware installation instructions are an excellent reference even for the Hudson Reed - I'm guessing this style of shower valve was invented ages ago and the basics haven't changed much. The Hudson Reed instructions are confusing on so many levels, and the RH instructions make it all instantly clear.
Other differences: the HR faucet has backflow/check valves and filters on the hot/cold supply going into the valve. There is no check valve/anti-siphon on the shower rose or hand shower. The Restoration Hardware has filters on the supply lines, and then check valves on the shower/hand shower.
Price was excellent, about 1/10th of Restoration Hardware.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 18, 2009 at 2:36AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sweeby So glad to hear that Jpmvan!
Mine's still working perfectly -- so no complaints about Hudson Reed from me.
On the installation of the shower fittings, the one key piece of information to remember is that the HR fittings use English/Metric sizes, which aren't the same as North American. Essentially, the 'inside the wall parts' will be North American sizes, but the fixture itself will be metric. When they sell to North American customers, HR sends 'transition pieces' where the US parts meet the metric -- so if you can keep in your head which sizing system each part is in - then it's easier.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 18, 2009 at 12:22PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

arielitas_mom I'm glad to hear others have had luck with their H-R products...mine were a disaster!! My kitchen faucet leaked and I had to replace it. I don't remember what the problem was with the lav faucet in my master, but I had to return that one as well (I think it was missing a piece). Unfortunately, I didn't follow my gut and installed the tub filler/spray combo. I shudder to think how it's working on the inside, but after initially working decently, nowadays, everytime I turn on the tub filler, water leaks out of the spray arm. Cheap pieces of junk (albethey nice looking cheap pieces of junk!) IMHO.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 19, 2009 at 2:15AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

tcjohnsson Bumping this back up in case someone else had something to say. Looks like it's a mixed bag of results.
I was wondering, since the valves need adapters to work, won't this be cause for concern over time (like potential leaks)?
I read the reviews on epinions and they are mostly horrific. I love their thermostatic offering though - absolutely gorgeous for about $300.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        May 16, 2009 at 10:39PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

ashleysf I have one lav faucet from them for about an year. Plan to buy more for the current remodel. No complaints. Actually, I had a moen from HD before that faucet and it leaked in 3 months. This one replaced it and so far, so good.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        May 17, 2009 at 3:24AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

jpmvan I never got around to following up after my install, so here it is:
The exposed 3/4" shower valve installed without a hitch with compression fittings that match US 3/4" copper pipe. Works well too, and looks amazing installed.
The installation instructions were more confusing than useful, although the diagrams did help. If you've done any plumbing at all, you'll be ok just using some common sense and the diagram, it also helps to fit it all together before installing. My kit came with a bunch of adapters and fittings I didn't need, which added to the puzzle.
Since it's an exposed valve and the spacing seems to be standard for these, I'm not too worried about repair/replacement. I haven't tried it, but it looks like it can be taken apart easily if needed.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        June 16, 2010 at 6:45PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

cminkley_stny_rr_com BAD, JUNK, WASTED MONEY. My vessel sink faucet tried two different ones and both started leaking a lot in less than one year, replaced with American Standard. Whirlpool tub filler valves leaked in between walls down to first floor dining room and guest bath... staining ceiling of our new house... had to open wall to find source of leak. I was in the shower when I got scalded due to the failure of their lifetime guaranteed thermostatic valve... installed less than 2 years. They have promised a complete refund of the over $1000 I spent, but I have been waiting for over a year.I had body jets with holes drilled in tile. Try to find another system to match up... going to a panel to cover up as much as possible. They look nice, they feel substantial, purchase price is inexpensive-- but underneath the chrome, they are junk and cheap -- period, it does not matter where they are manufactured. They had to pay fines to US EPA for flow control violations... stay away, it is only a matter of time. I've got documentation to prove every word.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        December 18, 2010 at 2:52PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

jay_schieber_gmail_com I posted something longer on epinions. I love the shower I have had for over a year. Solid brass, great design, great flow. There was a problem with how it was assembled in the factory, but they were very gracious to send me the replacement cartridges for free a year after I bought it. Works great now. I would recommend them.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        July 23, 2011 at 12:24PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sweeby Just a quick update -- All three of my Hudson Reed faucets are still working flawlessly.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        November 4, 2011 at 7:20PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

raehelen I also am updating. It's been almost 4 years, and after very heavy use, shower works great! Pressure from hand-held is awesome. All pieces looked substantial and well-made and DH had no problems installing everything himself. I definitely recommend HR to anyone, and will use them again in my next two BR renos.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 13, 2013 at 1:49PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

NorthwoodsFox I have the exposed thermostatic shower as well. I was wary about buying something from overseas at first, but I've since bought more bathroom faucets and bathroom hardware from Hudson Reed. Everything that I've come across is solid brass construction with chrome plating, and they ship with stainless steel mounting screws, so there isn't anything that will rust.
They use ceramic disc valves, which last much longer than gate valves. You're not going to find a lot of Hudson Reed products around here, but they are the equivalent of Kohler or American Standard in the UK. They have a 20 year warranty over there, and I think it's 10 years for US residents. Near as I can figure, that has more to do with our higher water pressures being harder on components. Nevertheless, that's a longer warranty than I'll get with Kohler (which is what I've used for pretty much everything else in my house).
I like to tinker, so some of the minor issues that came with mine were easily fixed, although most others would have returned them. My mixer on the shower had a slow drip. I followed the UK instructions (unlike the US website, theirs shows a full exploded diagram) and took the cover plate off, tightened the main assembly with a channel lock, and the leak was fixed. What can I say - it's British. I like it.
Those compression fittings freaked me out a little, since I've only ever used solder or threaded joints, and I had nightmares of them bursting loose. They have been perfect. I am confident that my hardware will outlast me. Compression fittings are foreign to most home owners in the US, but it's pretty commonplace elsewhere. It's natural to avoid them if you're not comfortable with them, but it doesn't make them junk. Just different. Kind of like diesel cars. If you're a DIYer, this might not be the right decision for you. If you're going to have them installed, check with your plumber. If you get a funny look, move on. They'll find every excuse to not install it or install it improperly.
So to reiterate, I respectfully disagree with the assessments that Hudson Reed products are junk. I believe that they're well built, although they might not always be properly assembled (I appreciate the irony of the statement, but what I'm saying is that once everything is assembled correctly, they are awesome).
Just my two cents.
This post was edited by NorthwoodsFox on Wed, Aug 28, 13 at 21:21




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        August 28, 2013 at 7:47PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

hsheffield have the exposed shower head as pictured above. has been a disaster from the start. replaced twice. falling apart-it's been gerry-rigged so that it will work, but have finally decided to replace it. I really wanted to like it but lack of function trumps looks




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        September 5, 2013 at 5:28PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

LeeHa My first post is the need to comment on the lack of customer service with this company. We have had the rainshower fixture with handheld for a few years now. One year in we had to replace the hose for the handheld as it began unraveling (around 30$) now it is unraveling again. I have emailed the company with photos and this is the reply I received.
HelloThank you for your email, I am sorry to hear you are not happy with the product, This will only happen if the Hose is pulled to(sic) much, maybe your handset is located to(sic) far so the hose is being stretched as this is most unusual.Please follow the link below to order the hose.http://usa.hudsonreed.com/chrome-plated-brass-shower-hose-69-inch-20.htmlKind RegardsMariyumThe Hudson Reed Team
My hose has more than a sufficient amount of slack. It is actually a rubber hose that is enveloped in a metal ribbon. The ribbon has become brittle and dislodged from the handset.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 1, 2014 at 11:15AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

sweeby Just checking in again years later with another update -- All three of my Hudson Reed faucets are still working flawlessly and still look great.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        June 1, 2014 at 6:09PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

kkindopp BAD
I bought an expensive valve from Hudson Reed because I thought it was a higher quality product... WRONG. After 4 months of work and 25,000.00 building a spa bathroom with 2 shower heads I finally got to test out the showers. One is significantly cooler than the other. I called tech support to find out what I have to do to get them to be the same temp and the guy said to me, "oh no you can't run them at the same time" WHAT???? "If you do then one will be much cooler than the other" I AM FURIOUS, Why would I ever buy a dual shower valve and only run one device. Obv they know this valve will not supply consistent temps to both devices but on the product desc it says "if you run the both you may experience a loss in pressure" it does not say... you will have one hot shower head and one luke warm shower head. If it did, obv I would NOT have bought it. When I asked to speak to someone of authority I was told that nobody was available to speak to me. So hear I am with a beautiful bathroom with a huge walk in tiled shower and this piece of crap valve in my walls that does not work. I COULD NOT BE ANYMORE DISSATISFIED WITH THE PRODUCT OR THE COMPANY.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        September 19, 2014 at 11:54AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

HudsonReedDan Hello Kkindop,
I work for HudsonReed and would like to help resolve your problem. It would appear the information our customer service rep gave you over the phone was wrong and I apologize for this.
Please email me dan.gillen@hudsonreed.com and I will personally help you resolve your problem. I'm confident we can get your shower hot and working.
I hope the forum moderators don't mind me registering here in order to reach out.
Best Regards,Dan GillenHudson Reed




 2 Likes   

Bookmark                           
                        September 25, 2014 at 5:15AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

pohoda Hello HudsonReedDan,
I have a slight question and I hope you don't mind me asking you this on here? I live in the Czech Republic, though regularly go to England on a monthly basis. I would like to buy a traditional thermostatic shower for our home in the Cz.Rep, but I am scared that something might go wrong and I will have a whale of a time trying to get it fixed. All the companies in England, that supply Hudson Reed items, are online which means I can't get a chance to have a look at the products first... Would you have anything that could possibly encourage me to buy from you? (forgive my bluntness!). I am quite picky when it comes to quality because we have regularly replaced our showers here... not my fault! :)
Also, why are people talking about a cartridge?! I hope that doesn't apply to the showers?!  With regards, J.G.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 14, 2015 at 12:55PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

Linelle kkindopp, did you get your valve issue resolved?




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 14, 2015 at 4:58PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

enduring Pohoda, have you thought of usingHansgrohe products? Since they are made in Germany and have a good track record I thought maybe I would suggest that line for you. I live in the US and have this brand for all my faucets and showers. I have been happy.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 15, 2015 at 6:48AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo PRO
 

By Any Design Ltd. I have a nice selection of Hudson Reed fixtures in my home.  I have been doing extensive testing on the product and really like the way they are made and designed.  I have followed Dan around and found him to be ever so helpful with people needing a little more guidance.
I put a good blog post together to help people install Hudson Reed's Body Jets.  You can view that here: Installation Guide for Hudson Reed Body Jets




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 15, 2015 at 7:52AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

pohoda Enduring, we have some Hansgrohe products. But they are far too german in the style aspect. I want a classic traditional bathroom, and Hudson Reed has a good selection of classically inspired items... especially the thermostatic shower! :) am looking at British companies now. fingers crossed there are some good prices..




 1 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 16, 2015 at 2:47AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

jenjin 
We have the exposed thermostat shower with the classic shower head and handheld combo. Everything has been fine so far, except for the shower head. We have blown out 2 bottom plates at this point and I have concerns about installing this again. When this plate lets loose, it definitely has some force. Fortunately, it has missed my head but the next time, I might not be so lucky.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 16, 2015 at 2:15PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo PRO
 

StarCraft Custom Builders Hudson Reed is an international e-tailer that sells faucets,showers, tub fillers and bath accessories through web sites targeted to variouscountries.  There is, for example, a U.S. site, a Canadian site and onefor the U.K.
The company sells Fresca faucets, a brand made in China byKaiping Yadanli Sanitary Ware Industry Co., Ltd.
We are researching but have not yet published a review orrating of Fresca faucets.
We do know:

The faucets are certified as complying with the jointCanadian/U.S. safety and reliability standards of ASME A-112.18.1/CSAB-125.1 and the joint lead-free requirements of ANSI/NSF 61/9.Certification to these standards is required by all model plumbing codesused in North America. Fresca faucets may be legally installed in allstates, except Massachusetts where a separate state approval isrequired.  This approval has not be issued.
The faucets comply with the U.S. Safe Drinking WaterAct, and may therefore be "introduced into commerce" in the U.S.
They comply with the separate state lead freestandards, and may be sold and installed in California, Maryland,Louisiana and Vermont.
The 10 year warranty offered on the faucets is belowthe U.S./Canadian standard for faucet warranties, which is "lifetime".The Hudson Reed written warranty does not come close to meeting either theformal or content requirements of the U.S. Magnuson–Moss WarrantyAct.  Stainless steel finishes are guaranteed for 5 years.  Allother finishes 10 years unless otherwise stated in the productdescription.

For ratings and reviews of over seventy faucetcompanies, see StarCraftFaucet Ratings and Reviews.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        February 18, 2015 at 8:55AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

David Colton My client ordered one of your shower systems .
I was called to met with them, the shower controls are not  working
The shower unit is less than a year old.
it seems that the control valve for hand held and rain head will not seperate
from spraying all at one time.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 6, 2015 at 7:13PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

jsergison Hudson Reed provides THE WORST customer service that we have experienced with any company that provides a product or service EVER. We are doing a complete renovation of our bathroom and order a Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system prior to starting the renovation so we would have it when it can time for our plumber to install. After 4 weeks of demolition and construction, it came time to install our $600 Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system and the plumber realized that the main handle that turns the water on and off was not included!
Ok. Mistakes happen. There are a lot of pieces and parts to these things. We've had similar situations occur where a part is broken or missing, you call customer service, they say "so sorry, we'll send you the missing part or replacement," end of story. No, not Hudson Reed.

We called first thing in the morning over to England and the gentleman we first spoke to about our Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system missing part was so indifferent and rude that he basically said we were out of luck and our only option was to spend another $600 and buy another Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system. It was past the 14 day return policy and there was absolutely nothing he could do. He transferred us to a woman who also said that it was beyond the return policy, we should have inspected our Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system when it arrived to make sure all the parts were there. Who does this? It is THERE job to inspect their products before they ship them. The Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system contains a ton of pieces and parts and there is NO PART LIST included in their nightmare they call instructions as you can see from my photo. Where there are pictures they don't match the Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system we purchased. It also looks like someone printed the instructions off the internet and they are crooked on the page and still contain the printer crop marks and file name. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL for a Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system that costs so much.
After absolutely no attempt at taking responsibility for not including all the parts—really they most important part because now we can't turn ANY of the water on in our bathroom until we have this part to our Hudson Reed thermostatic shower system, their "customer service" rep did say we could purchase the missing part from them. So, now they've made more money off of us for their negligence. AWFUL company with AWFUL quality control and AFWUL customer service.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 28, 2015 at 7:11AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo PRO
 

By Any Design Ltd. OOUCH.  That story (above) is like the polar opposite of my experience with this company.  Not ordering the trim for a rough in is a rookie mistake and one any plumber should know to check.  This happens all the time with every company and every maker.  This is why we dry fit our materials prior to installing anything.  Any decent plumber does this.
Try reaching out to Dan Gillen at Hudson Reed.  He has helped so many people that I'm aware of.
You can buy a Jeep and go for a drive in the woods and then get stuck.  Is it the Jeep retail's shop's fault you did not buy a Winch?  Later when you go back should they give it to you for free?  In Vancouver I send my clients to many stores and recommend they check out Hudson Reed.  I always tell them to order the rough ins and trims.  We discuss layout, diverters and the like.  These are well engineered materials that work as a team.  it's not like going to Home Depot and buying a shower kit.  Each state and country has different rules so you need to design a system.
Dan Gillen Hudson Reed 
Dan.Gillen@Hudsonreed.com




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 28, 2015 at 7:36AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

David Colton Don't buy hudon reed products by american at least you can get parts
for them. Have a client now waiting for reolacment parts, less than one
year old, and it is not even a full tiime home.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        April 28, 2015 at 8:40AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

W Williams NOOOOOOO! I've bought Hudson Reed fixtures for three different houses I've worked on; the first two were basically fine & I had no particular reason to think it would be different. Something has clearly happened to the company. I concur with other reviews that you will get a very unpleasant experience with Hudson Reed if you're in the U.S. The company is based in England (it has a distribution place in Pennsylvania, but you will have to call England for customer service during their day hours there. The fixtures it makes have British fittings & need certain conversion parts for U.S. pipes, etc.; the boxes are sent with scant instructions and no conversion kits. That's the first problem: trying to understand what you need and get the company to send it. The customer sales rep wouldn't speak directly with my plumber or contractor: the rep said he had to speak with the person who made the order. So unless you care to learn the details plumbing or be the middleman during a (long and complicated) call, you're out of luck. Among the plumber, the contractor and me, we made seven calls to the company and was told someone from the tech department would call me back, and not once did I receive a call back. I was told that the tech department is "out on service calls," but it is an Internet-only company. Sadly, the person who bought my last house had a leak with an HR shower fixture. Here's what she wrote back to me after I gave the model number & contact for HR: "It took about 10 calls to them to try to clarify what the problem was and order the part. I had a determined engineer/plumber who took things apart and realized that the advice we were being given was incorrect!  Not sure if you have made your order with them, but I would think twice just because of the difficulty with finding people familiar with the brand here, diagnosis, and getting parts." I care a lot about what goes into my houses, and I'm very sorry that my buyer had this experience (and that I had an equally bad one too).




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        June 18, 2015 at 6:47PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo PRO
 

Piotr Sikora I have to concur with the last post. We have installed their fittings ( exposed shower ) in 4 bathrooms during a total renovation 2 years ago. They look great , but the Customer Support is the worst i have ever experienced! They know nothing and the "tech department" is some mystery being that passes along wrong information ( literally every time , problem with one valve and they respond with instructions for a completely diferent one . 3 of the valves have since developed problems , loss of either hot or cold water and no amount of manipulation would help it. Ended up replacing the whole valve ( because of compression fittings you can't change brand unless you cut it out of the wall and ruin the tile ) and even that was super frustrating as i would order one valve , they would send a different one and then argue with me that i was wrong. I would spend 3 weeks emailing pix ( here's my order number from confirmation and corresponding item number picture from your website , and here is a photo of what you had send ) . I don't think they even looked at the pix , just told me i'm wrong. Untill this company decides to stand behind its product and learns how to treat customers spending their money with them , i suggest you look elsewhere. here are the pix , completely different valves :(. @thatssopiotr






 1 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        August 1, 2015 at 5:46AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

blackmurphy I have begun the quest to find a solution to my Hudson Reed Shower valve problem (no hot water) . If the challenge of trying to contact them is an example, the future does not look good.
However the response from GROHE re my kitchen faucet was instant. Easy to find contact info, direct to an actual human, knew exactly what I needed, said it would be in the mail in the next day or two...a very positive experience




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        December 2, 2015 at 1:16PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo PRO
 

StarCraft Custom Builders Hudson Reed is a trade name of Ultra Finishing, Ltd. of Burnley, Lancashire, UK which was incorporated in 1984 by Stephen Heys to provide electroplating services.
It is now wholly owned by by Ultra Finishing Group, Ltd. and has become largely a merchandiser, having closed its factory in Burnley in 2015.
It sells mostly imported merchandise through Hudson Reed web sites tailored over a dozen countries. Most of the sites are not located in the countries served, but are managed and supported from England. The U.S. site, for example, is wholly virtual. Shipping is handled by a contracted service out of a warehouse in Pennsylvania, and customer support from England. Ultra Finishing has no physical presence in the U.S.
In addition to Hudson Reed, the company owns the following brands: Premier (bath furniture), Niko (bath fixtures and decorative hardware), Balterley (bath furniture), and Old London (traditional English bathtubs). Most of its merchandise is imported from Asia, aided by the acquisition of two Chinese bathroom product manufacturers in 2012, but some of its furniture, some shower pans and a few bath tubs are still made in the U.K..
None of the faucets sold by Hudson Reed are made by Ultra Finishing or made in England. Most of the faucets are from the Whitehaus Collection (made in Israel and Italy) and RGM Distribution, Inc., a Brooklyn, NY distributor that imports its private label Fresca brand faucets from China.. Only a dozen or so of the faucets sold by Hudson Reed are actual Hudson Reed brand faucets. From our research to this point, we know they are made in China, but have not identified the actual manufacturer. We will eventually. It often takes time and a lot of phone calls to suss out the information.
Hudson Reed brand faucets (unlike Fresca and Whitehaus faucets) ...

Are not certified safe and reliable to North American standards (ASME A112.18.1/CSA B125.1) and may not be lawfully installed in North America.
Do not meet the state requirements imposed on faucets by Massachusetts or California and may not be sold, offered for sale or installed in either of those states.
Do not have certifications on file with the Department of Energy as required by the Energy Policy and Conservation Act attesting that the faucets meet the flow restriction of a maximum of 2.2 gallons per minute required of faucets in the U.S.
Have not been tested and certified to meet the requirements of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act and, as a consequence, may not be lawfully sold or offered for sale in the U.S.
Have not been tested and certified to be lead free and suitable for installation in a drinking water system as required by every U.S. and Canadian plumbing code and by the U.S. Safe Drinking Water Act, and may not, therefore, be sold, offered for sale or installed in North America.

For what it's worth.




 1 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        December 3, 2015 at 2:45PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

cpartist Starcraft thank you so much for always being such a wealth of information. Your ratings are my bible while shopping for fixtures for my new build. :)




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        December 3, 2015 at 3:00PM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

Jmike Buyer beware. We bought this unit in July 2014 in advance of a bedroom/bathroom addition to our home. The shower unit was installed the following February 2015 at the end of the renovation. The mixer cylinder broke after only 10 months of normal use by my son. I protested to HR, who said it was out of warranty even though it had been installed and used only 10 months. They assured me the unit wasn't faulty, but rather my son hadn't used it properly and just broken it. I only became aware the cylinder is not even metal, but plastic, when I had to pay $104.00 for a replacement cylinder! Plastic in a $600.00 shower? Broke in 10 months, despite the description on their site about "quality to last a lifetime." The Hudson Reed didn't care and two of their service agents were quite rude in their emails. Terrible product, terrible service. Buy another brand!
Do not buy this, do not patronize this company.




 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        January 16, 2016 at 9:59AM




 Thank you for reporting this comment. Undo 
 

Vinita Bali TERRIBLE product and customer service.  I bought a HudsonReed shower system for $430 and installed it in my brand new home. Within 2 years, the valve has caused a major leak, and about $4000 in damage.  When my plumber removed the leaking valve, he discovered that the product sold to me as "new" had a patch in the brass valve (see picture; patch is the lighter brass color above the letter "V").  I consider this fraud.  I'm still trying to deal with this company to resolve the major damage and mess they have caused.





 Like   

Bookmark                           
                        December 17, 2016 at 11:20AM










Sign Up to Comment 


 




						Browse Gardening and Landscaping Stories on Houzz						See all Stories







Room of the Day

										Room of the Day: Craftsman Bathroom Gets Its Good Looks Back									

										By Becky Harris 

											A bathroom renovation in a century-old home combines era-appropriate style with updated touches										
Full Story


 91											








Dining Rooms

										New This Week: These Dining Rooms Know How to Have a Good Time									

										By Mitchell Parker 

											You can add some fun to your room decor, whether your taste is traditional, contemporary or something in between										
Full Story


 16											








Most Popular

										9 Ways to Boost Your Home’s Appeal for Less Than $75									

										By James Wells 

											Whether you’re selling  your home or just looking to freshen it up, check out these inexpensive ways to transform it										
Full Story


 114											








  
Sponsored Story









ODS Architecture

Pro Spotlight: How to Align Your Wish List With Your Budget
Full Story





More Discussions 








						Help with Small Bathroom and Curbless Shower


16 











						Anyone use Tec power grout ?


21 











						Vessel Sink Faucet


1 











						Bathroom layout assistance


5 











						Best use of 8' wall: tub/shower + remaining space?


6 


 
Browse Outdoor Photos on Houzz




















View all Outdoor Photos


Sponsored Products
Shop HouzzDevon Single Hole Faucet, Chrome$80.99 | StufurhomeShop Houzz40 Inch Wall Mounted or Vessel SinkTheBathOutletShop HouzzDanny Single Bathroom Vanity Set, Maple Gray, 48"Ari Kitchen & Bath, LLCShop HouzzOval White Ceramic Vessel Bathroom Sink, No HoleTheBathOutletShop HouzzSingle Handle Chrome Bathroom FaucetTheBathOutletShop HouzzJackson Single Hole Faucet, Matte BlackStufurhomeShop HouzzDanny Double Bathroom Vanity Set, Maple Gray, 60"Ari Kitchen & Bath, LLCShop HouzzAdler Single Hole Faucet, Matte BlackStufurhome 

Popular Productsaccent chests and cabinets · book shelf · white sideboard · bedroom curtains · wicker dining chairs · black chest of drawers · duvet covers king · media stand · nightstand · footstool · rustic console table · tile backsplash 





Sponsored







Joyce Yin Architect

2 Reviews



Bay Area's Modern & Sustainable Architectural Design Solutions 
Joyce Yin's keen ability to nurture the collaboration of ideas into a built reality results in spaces that speak...			Read More

Sponsored



 


Embed photo

Open Photo in New Window...














United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland France Россия 日本 Italia España Danmark Sverige Ireland Singapore New Zealand India 


COMPANY

About HouzzIn the NewsPress InfoCareersContact UsTerms & PrivacyCopyright & Trademark 


EXPLORE HOUZZ

Buttons & BadgesMobile AppsFor ProfessionalsWrite a ReviewFAQs 


CONNECT WITH US

Houzz BlogTwitterFacebookGoogle+YouTubeRSS 



United States
United Kingdom
Australia
Deutschland
France
Россия
日本
Italia
España
Danmark
Sverige
Ireland
Singapore
New Zealand
India


						© 2017 Houzz Inc. Houzz® The new way to design your home™
					








 
















































HUDSON, DAVID Products | Rare Records





















































































        











 0  



 was successfully added to your cart.			













Start typing and press enter to begin your search 








Home
Store
Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Store 

Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale


Formats 

Audio Tapes
Autographed Items
Books
CDs
Clothing
DVDs
Magazines
Miscellaneous
Posters
Store Displays
Tour Programs
Video Tapes
Vinyl


My Account
Wishlists
Contact




 




 



Home  Store  HUDSON, DAVID





Filter Products







Active Filters:

Select filters from the sidebar to narrow your results.Select filters above to narrow your results.




 





Category




Country




Release Date




Artist



Label



Price



Item Specifics















AUD $19.99
Jewel Case With Front And Back Inserts 


HUDSON, DAVID
Walkabout
CD, 
	Album
View Item









 Need help finding that elusive rare record? Let us help! 
Get In Touch 







Newsletter Sign-upPlease enter your email below to keep up to date with all our latest releases, news and sales.
NavigationHome
Store
Exlcusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Gift Voucher
Contact
 


My AccountMy Account
Order Tracking
Further InformationAbout Us
Grading Guide
Ordering Info
Payment Methods
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions




About Rare Records We are a Melbourne based, independent, online record store, specializing in the coolest rare and collectible vinyl records, CDs, posters and other music memorabilia.
 Phone:
 +61 3 9394 8339
 Email:
admin@rarerecords.com.au
 Operating Hours:
Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm
 Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 161
Laverton VIC 3028
Australia





Instagram Feed Follow on Instagram












© 2017 Rare Records. All Rights Reserved. ABN: 81 942 446 081 



     




 





Create a new list










































Jennifer Hudson joins fiance David Otunga at Clive Davis' pre-Grammy bash | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.



 News



 Sports


 
 

U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


U.S. Showbiz


U.K. Showbiz


Headlines


Arts


Pictures


Blogs


Video


TV Listings



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED because Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was unhappy that he didn't 'return fire' at Scaramucci after THAT explosive interview





REVEALED: One-in-400million disability becomes COMMON in tiny polygamist Mormon town Hilldale where sufferers can't sit or stand without help after generations of inbreeding





Kim Jong-Un issues 'stern warning' to America after successful test of ICBM that experts claim can hit CHICAGO - prompting joint exercise between US and South Korean forces 





'Prison changed me forever': Amanda Knox speaks about how the murder trial and four years in prison defined her





Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and choked one because she wouldn't have sex with him'





Wife of Scaramucci files for divorce after growing tired of billionaire's 'naked political ambition' - three years into the marriage and one week since his White House posting





'You can't have everything': Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare 'implode' before trying to pass health bill - and blames 'the swamp' after humiliating defeat





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling people he wants 'a general' as White House chief of staff





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus AND the Mooch with him to speech where he says it's OK for police to rough up 'thugs'





John McCain returns to Arizona for cancer treatment after dramatically killing Trump's Obamacare repeal and will start chemotherapy on Monday





'The White House is turning into Game of Thrones': Trump's spectacular firing of Reince Priebus sends Twitter wild as social media reacts to the West Wing chaos





Stephen Colbert is set to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime





The majority of Americans SUPPORT transgender military service as protests break out across nation against Trump's ban 





Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for awkward trip on Air Force One





Man promises to turn up to work dressed as Sarah Palin if McCain votes against Obamacare repeal - and then does so





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of her D.C. home, followed closely by a very laid back Jared





Crabby Sean Hannity denies claim he ran up $42,000 tab at Trump's DC hotel after flying in 70-year-old lobster from Maine for inauguration weekend





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during Italian getaway - as taxpayers forked out $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip





California girl, 18, who live-streamed 'drunken' crash that killed her younger sister, 14, on Instagram breaks down in tears in court as she's denied lower a bail 





Katie Couric leaves behind $10m annual salary as Yahoo's global news anchor as she ends her exclusive online show after four years





'If you don't email him, I will.': Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff fondly reveals how ex-President played Cupid for her - as she opens up on life at his side - and explains why Michelle was really the boss





Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'





Elderly mother, 83, being held on $1million bail for murder-for-hire plot with her son, 63, in scheme to kill former daughter-in-law





Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being killed by cops




Previous
Next








Opposites attract! Jennifer Hudson wows in daring mesh mini as she joins preppy fiance David Otunga at Clive Davis' pre-Grammy bash
By

Karen Mizoguchi for MailOnline

Published:
  01:49 EDT, 8 February 2015

 | 
Updated:
  11:16 EDT, 8 February 2015














e-mail








26
shares

 
          57
View  comments



They have been engaged for more than seven years.And on Saturday Jennifer Hudson shows that opposites do indeed attract as she joined fiance David Otunga at the Clive Davis pre-Grammy soiree in Los Angeles.The 33-year-old multi-award winning performer turned heads on the red carpet as she showed her unique sense of style in a black mesh mini dress with thigh high boots. Scroll down for video   





 Hot mama! Jennifer Hudson attended the Clive Davis pre-Grammy party in Los Angeles on Saturday  





 Date night: The 33-year-old Grammy winner was accompanied by fiance David Otunga who proudly wrapped his arm around his belovedHer longtime love, 34, proudly wrapped his arm around her, while displaying his own fashion sense in a preppy sweater and tie.His wife-to-be made a seductive statement revealing her black bra in the long sleeve see-through frock.If the short frock wasn't enough, Jennifer oozed major sex appeal with fishnet stockings and thigh high patent leather black boots.She wore a purple lip for an added cherry on top of her stunning outfit.






  





 Sexy statement: The Academy Award winning actress turned heads on the red carpet wearing a black mesh mini dress  





 For David's eyes only: The mother-of-one reveaked her black bra in the long sleeve see-through frock  





 LBD: Jennifer oozed major sex appeal with fishnet stockings and thigh high patent leather black bootsWhile David was more conservatively dressed, it was clear the pair remain devoted.Harvard Law School graduate David - who was a former WWE champion wrestler - covered up his muscular build in a black and white plaid dress shirt, grey sweater, black tie and grey trousers.It was a fun date night for the engaged couple, who will surely be attending the Grammy Awards as Jennifer is nominated for Best R&B Performance for her single It's Your World featuring R Kelly.  





 Dynamic duo: Jennifer and Iggy Azalea performed their duet Trouble at the soiree






Since becoming a breakout star from the third season of American Idol in 2006, Jennifer has gone on to win an Oscar, Grammy, SAG and Golden Globe Award.'You know what you don't have to win,' she said to Wall Street Journal about her seventh place finish on the FOX singing competition.Adding: 'When I did it I took it as an experience I always called it the boot camp of the industry it preps you and teaches you what its about. 'You don't always have to win as long as I have my talent you know that's all I need and I have to keep singing and keep going for it and that's what I did. It's a matter of what you do with the opportunity. I started singing at the age of seven and I always knew what I wanted to do.'  





 Her start: Jennifer became a breakout star after appearing on the third season of American Idol in 2006  





 Private plane: 'Me n my hudsonettes r on our way back to la ! Team Jhud ! Let's roll'And on her success in the entertainment business, she revealed she wants to continue her passions both in music and acting.'I hope I never have to choose between the two. Now I'm doing Empire so that's a bit of singing and acting. That's going great. But I do want to continue acting and singing I just hope I don't have to choose,' she said.It was recently announced that Jennifer will be making her Broadway debut in the revival of The Color Purple.  





 More projects on the horizon: Fans will be able to catch Jennifer on the hit FOX show Empire as well as her Broadway debut in The Color Purple



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








26
shares











      Most watched News videos          Passengers cheer as rowdy women are kicked off Ryanair flight         The dramatic moment John McCain defeats ‘skinny’ Obamacare         Charlie Gard holds card bearing the words 'two weeks old today'         Emergency services at supermarket stabbing crime scene in Hamburg         Touching moment Charlie Gard looks up at camera in peak health         'I'm not that old': Student defends talking to a teen for sex         Horrifying moment carriage comes off Fire Ball ride in mid-air         Skiing video posted by Toni Terry revealing they weren't at home         Huge shark jumps aboard fishing boat and gets stuck on deck         Cruise ship victim Kristy Manzanares featured in real estate video         Moment Charlie Gard's parents spend quality time by his side         Giant angry huntsman spider terrorises family         





       'Our beautiful boy has gone': Little Charlie Gard's...      ‘Take time and enjoy the world’: Final Instagram post of...      'We had a great life, look after our kids': The...      ‘Like u ain’t never done it’! Drunk hen party who 'acted...      Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after...      Machete-wielding man 'screaming Allahu Akbar' kills one...      Student, 21, who thought he was meeting a 14-year-old boy...      Waterloo Road actress Holly Matthews shares heartbreaking...      'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park...      Woman, 18, aborts her baby at 35 WEEKS... and then is...      'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with...      North Korea fires ballistic missile 621 miles into the...      Husband weeps in orange jumpsuit and shackles as he is...      Millionaire businessman killed himself after he had a...      Two women are in hospital with broken bones after a...      Grooming gang boss who pimped girls out at £150-a-time...      'It was just a tragic accident': British men investigated...      Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 57

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have not been moderated.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          White hot! Body loving Emily Ratajkowski strips down to sexy bikini for Instagram swimsuit photo
          
          She knows her way around a two-piece
        











          New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 
          












          Almost homeowners! Beyonce and Jay Z 'are close to snapping up that $130m Bel-Air mansion for $90m'... as new details emerge on property
          












          The love affair that shocked the world... told by the people who watched it unfold: Why Diana dumped the Muslim doctor she wanted to marry for Dodi
          












          No glam squad needed! Ivanka Trump applies some last-minute make-up in the back of her SUV, before heading to a meeting at the United Nations
          















          Busting out! Kate Upton and Kendra Wilkinson show off their impressive cleavage at the JBL Fest in Las Vegas
          
          Cleavage was on show 
        











          'She's just not that into me': Kim Kardashian shares video of a 'grumpy' North West... but son Saint is all smiles during Snapchat session
          












          Diana's never-before-seen photo album: Remarkable snapshots offer an enchanting insight into the life of the late royal
          
          Intimate pictures 
        











          Model squad! Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin join Kendall Jenner and Imaan Hammam at Gigi's apartment in NY before heading to concert
          












          Heidi Klum, 44, shows off her figure in bikini as she is surrounded by roses while showering with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic St Tropez yacht trip
          












          Denim diva! Model Martha Hunt struts around NYC in close-cropped blue jumpsuit
          
          Seemed to be honing her walk as she navigated Chelsea 
        













          Diana's dangerous liaisons: Dashing in their day... but what's become of the men who stole the Princess's heart? 
          
          Take a look at Diana's lovers 
        











          Charles knew of Diana's affair... and didn't care: The 1987 photograph that showed the Prince joking with James Hewitt - who was sleeping with his wife
          












          Beyonce and Jay Z are taking SoulCycle classes together six weeks after welcoming twins Sir and Rumi
          
          Spinning classes to stay in shape 
        











          Blac Chyna flaunts her figure in black spandex shorts and a crop top for shopping trip with new beau Mechie
          
          Currently with rapper Mechie
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Madonna cuts a care free figure as she relaxes in the sunshine with handsome shirtless pal during St Tropez break
          












          Wonder in white: Eva Longoria shows off glowing tan as she lands at LAX after bikini holiday in Mallorca
          
          Had to trade in her bikini for travelling pants
        











          Back to black! Ariel Winter shows off long dark mane after trip to West Hollywood salon
          
          Went through reddish, crimson locks for much of the summer
        











          Jean-ius! Madison Beer flashes toned torso in sexy ripped double denim look...after admitting she has a 'crush' on Brooklyn Beckham
          












          Long time no see! Kendall Jenner steps out in striped playsuit as she is spotted with pal Scott Disick for the first time in months 
          
          Catching up in NYC
        











          Now THAT'S a bromance! Chris Hemsworth kisses Hollywood legend Anthony Hopkins on set of blockbuster Thor: Ragnarok
          














          Beach day for two! OITNB's Jackie Cruz packs on the PDA with boyfriend Fernando Garcia as she flashes major side boob in Spain
          
          Much needed downtime 
        











          Game of Thrones actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau claims ex-manager set him up with 'sham' deals in fraud lawsuit
          
          Deal entitled her to 10 percent commission 
        











          'Feelin' that summer breeze!': Cindy Crawford looks flawless in makeup-free shot from her Canadian vacation home
          
          The 51-year-old beauty 
        











          She can't keep her lips off him! DWTS' Peta Murgatroyd gives baby Shai a cute kiss as she goes shopping with her boy
          
          Grocery run 
        











          Where's the Bachelorette? Rachel Lindsay skips out on engagement party in Punta Cana...as it's claimed reality star 'didn't make her flight'
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Serial cheater Kris Jenner was caught in friend's home gym having sex with her personal trainer while married to Robert Kardashian 
          














          'It's a......': Jamie-Lynn Sigler reveals the gender of forthcoming baby with exploding baseball
          
          The 36-year-old Sopranos alum 
        











          Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht during Italian getaway - as taxpayers paid $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip
          












          Belly dancing diva! Amber Rose shows off her killer curves leaving a belly dancing class after revealing she faced 'constant bullying' from Kanye
          












          Back on the mean streets! Jennifer Lopez continues to film NBC crime drama Shades Of Blue in New York
          
          Was spotted on the outdoor set 
        













          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Vegan girlfriend of Princess Margaret's grandson shares VERY risqué picture of herself enjoying the fresh air 
          












          Beaming Elton John sports garish floral shirt as he joins similarly funky David Furnish on Italy jaunt 
          
          The 70-year-old Rocket Man hitmaker 
        











          Blue beauty! Hilary Duff steps out in casual shirt and torn jeans combo for chores in Beverly Hills... after her home was burglarized
          
          Appeared somber
        











          Lingerie-flashing Monica Bellucci, 52, shows off her age-defying good looks in sizzling sheer skirt as she dazzles at Monaco Red Cross Ball Gala
          












          Cherry nice! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her famous figure in a cut-out black mini-dress printed with fruit
          
          Pounded the pavement
        











          'You're really somethin' else, babe': AnnaLynne McCord rolls around in bed in steamy sex scene and points guns at herself during trailer for 68 Kill
          












          The futuristic Queen! Princess Charlene of Monaco shows off her TINY waist in corseted space-age gown as she joins husband Prince Albert II at a gala
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas appear to be back on track in dancing 17th anniversary snaps
          












          Strike a pose! Bella Thorne shows off 'sexy plumped Buxom lips for the summer' on social media
          
          Seems never to get tired of posing up a storm 
        











          Passion of the Christ star Mel Gibson lists his Medieval style Malibu mansion adorned with plenty of wooded crosses for $17.5m
          
          Has an old world feel 
        











          Stephen Colbert to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime
          
          As-yet untitled comedy will mock the president  
        











          On two wheels! Seventh Heaven star Beverly Mitchell teaches her cute daughter how to ride a bike... and smartly doesn't forget a helmet
          












          Living on the edge! Rihanna dangles from the side of a building in Kendrick Lamar's surreal music video for hit single LOYALTY
          
          Hip hop megastar 
        











          Sienna Miller continues her chic streak in a fitted trench coat as she prepares for another performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
          
          Enjoying her run 
        











          What will stepmom Barbra Streisand think? Josh Brolin looks muscular as he poses completely NAKED while his wife flexes her arms in bathroom selfie
          














          'We explore inequality and women's rights': Actress Madeleine Madden discusses the 'feminist' remake of Picnic At Hanging Rock
          
          Reboot of classic movie
        











          Bet Tyrone Wood like that! Rita Ora flashes generous underboob in skimpy bikini... amid romance rumors with Rolling Stone Ronnie's son
          












          Feline good! Vanessa Hudgens flashes her toned abs and legs in Yeah Pussy cropped top and shorts
          
          Picked up a fresh juice from EarthBar
        











          'Got a little taste of wifey's world!' DJ Ruckus shares loved-up behind the scenes snap from shoot with fiancée model Shanina Shaik
          
          Getting married soon 
        











          Fit and fantastic! Lucy Hale highlights svelte shape in sporty tank top and leggings as she grabs iced coffee
          
          Looked relaxed and content 
        











          Flashing her abs again! Jennifer Lopez. 48, looks fit in tank top as she holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez after his birthday celebration
          












          Loving her look! Rihanna 'feels sexy and more confident with new curves'... as beau Hassan Jameel 'treats her like a princess'
          
          Singer wowed this week
        











          Wonder in white! Brooke Burke flaunts her fit arms and teases her toned legs while out for dinner in Malibu
          
          The 45-year-old looked stunning as usual
        











          Erin Andrews urges fans to try meditation to lower cancer risk after her shock diagnosis and surgery
          
          First major interview after battling with the disease
        











          'My mouth dropped': Oprah Winfrey recalls the moment Mindy Kaling told her she was FIVE MONTHS pregnant 
          
          They are co-stars in A Wrinkle In Time
        











          Busy mommy! Molly Sims looks fit in Daisy Dukes as she takes family on ice-cream outing in The Hamptons after brief trip to Los Angeles
          












          'I have a lot of insecurities... I do weird sh**': Selena Gomez explains what motivated her to make the disturbing video for Fetish
          












          'He can smize!': Tyra Banks flashes her bra under revealing strappy dress on Seth Meyers Late Show as she offers update on one-year-old son York
          












          'He puts up with my ridiculous jokes and scatter brain': Reese Witherspoon reveals why she loves spouse Jim Toth as she wishes him a happy birthday
          












          Bozo's a real babe! Meet Bill Skarsgård - brother of True Blood star Alexander - the hunky actor playing Pennywise in remake of Stephen King's It
          












          Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning AGAIN to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill for the third time - years after being reprimanded
          
          Feds slammed Kim
        











          Still going strong! ALL THREE Married at First Sight couples decide to stay with spouses eight weeks after saying 'I do' as strangers - even pair who haven't had sex 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Family, NFL stars, coaches and a 'super close' friend spent time with disgraced athlete
          












          Still got it! Rachael Leigh Cook is pretty in purple as she hits LA event... 18 years after blasting to fame with Freddie Prinze Jr in She's All That
          












          Jax is back! Charlie Hunnam channels his Sons Of Anarchy character as he runs errands on his black Harley-Davidson motorcycle in LA
          












          'The kiss was great!': Paula Patton dishes on locking lips with Mission: Impossible co-star Tom Cruise while stopping by LIVE With Kelly & Ryan
          












          'About the bikini life': Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro flaunts her toned body in tiny swimwear during getaway to the Spanish island of Ibiza
          












          Just the girls! Katie Holmes grabs coffee-to-go in sweatpants and playful T-shirt with daughter Suri Cruise, 11,  as pair run errands in NYC
          












          Reach for the sky! Amy Schumer throws tote bag in air as she jumps with glee while filming I Feel Pretty in blue leggings and tank top
          












          'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington breaks her silence a week after his shocking suicide aged 41
          












          Countdown! Jessica Biel keeps her cool in denim skirt and tank top as she continues filming The Sinner...with just days to go until series premiere
          












          Back in her bondage suit! Nicki Minaj models red outfit with kinky boots to star in You Da Baddest music video with Future
          
          Showed off her curves
        











          Marla Maples shares  new pictures of herself and daughter Tiffany Trump living it up in Rome last week, as she reminisces about their lavish trip to Italy
          












          Joy Corrigan risks wardrobe malfunction while modeling barely there bikinis at Miami beach shoot
          
          Blonde model, 22, stripped off
        











          'I tried to be a good role model': Sarah Hyland reveals she helped Modern Family co-star Ariel Winter have body confidence
          
          Pair are good pals
        











          Lovely in leather! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned figure in curve-hugging mini dress as she grabs an iced tea with a friend in Los Angeles
          












          Her mini me daughters! Full House star Lori Loughlin, 53, looks sensational as she poses with her pretty teens at Hallmark event in Los Angeles
          












          She's a California girl! AnnaLynne McCord hits the beach in Malibu in a revealing leopard-print dress for book launch 
          
          The 30-year-old beauty  looked radiant 
        











          Elisabeth Moss turns up the heat as she strips for sizzling sex scene in Top Of The Lake: China Girl... as viewers gush over her 'brilliant' performance
          












          Style Swoon: From Jennifer Lopez's sparkly shoe collaboration to Anna Sui's affordable fall line, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that got our attention this week
          












          Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager share a sweet snap of their daughters enjoying a play date, while celebrating their own friendship
          












          You can't always get what you want, Mick! Rolling Stones frontman moans about Brexit in new tracks titled 'England Lost' and 'Gotta Get a Grip'
          












           Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of D.C. home, followed by very laid back Jared
          












          Retro in red! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably slender figure in a vintage Star Wars T-shirt and red bell-bottom pants as she leaves her NYC pad
          












          Alicia Vikander displays her endless legs in thigh-skimming mini-skirt and and scarlet sweater as she grabs coffee in Hollywood
          












          Cute legs! Amy Schumer flashes her gams on NYC set of I Am Pretty...after leaving 'large tip' at steak house where she waitressed in 2004
          












          'It's a bunch of crap': R Kelly breaks his silence over 'sex cult' allegations in new video as he announces he will continue to tour
          
          Took to social media
        











          The best of Friends! Courteney Cox gets an affectionate kiss from 13-year-old daughter Coco as they enjoy a day out at Disneyland
          
          Tight-knit duo
        











          Pamela Anderson, 50, looks elegant in a pastel pink silk prom dress as she makes a glamorous arrival at the first day of Comic Con in London
          
          Delighted Baywatch fans
        











          'I'm still fighting every day': The Good Wife actress Melissa George says she is 'surviving for my kids' as bitter custody dispute with ex Jean David Blanc rages
          












          'Maybe one day!' One Direction star Liam Payne, 23, DENIES he has wed girlfriend Cheryl, 34... despite repeatedly referring to the singer as his wife
          












          Penelope Cruz wears floral dress before getting into character as Donatella Versace to shoot scenes for American Crime Story in Los Angeles
          












          'It was a joke': Tiffany Haddish walks back comment about wanting to work with Bill Cosby when she said she would 'drink the juice...and take a nap'
          












          Miss American Eye-ful! Tara Reid, 41, goes braless and flashes her thong in VERY racy chainmail minidress at art event
          
          Put on a show!
        











          More in love than ever! Charlene and Albert put on a VERY affectionate display as they're joined by their adorable twins to launch an ecological expedition in Monaco
          












          Gigi Hadid stuns in an elegant  new Missoni campaign... as her One Direction boyfriend Zayn Malik admits he is 'working through' anxiety issues
          












          Model Jessica Hart exudes Hollywood glamour in a flowing silver ball gown for charity gala in France
          
          Split from Paris Hilton's ex Stavros Niarchos III
        











          'We are not the reason': The Hillsong Church slams rumors about Justin Bieber's decision to cancel his Purpose world tour
          
          Caused a storm
        











          The sweet smell of success! Jennifer Aniston launches her FIFTH fragrance called Luxe... as she negotiates TV deal with Reese Witherspoon
          












          Queen Elizabeth's former page boy is a hit with the ladies: Princess Margaret's grandson Arthur shows off his hunky physique on Instagram 
          












          'I think I'm getting a Kardashian pout!' Liam Payne struggles as he munches through a platter of VERY spicy hot chicken wings during interview
          












          Bradley Cooper's girlfriend Irina Shayk shows off a diamond ring on her engagement finger as she takes her four-month-old daughter Lea shopping in LA
          












          'I won't ever look at things in the same light': Miranda Lambert says Blake Shelton divorce means she can no longer 'take pain for granted'
          












          You're welcome! Shirtless Hugh Jackman brandishes his muscle-bound physique as he takes an outdoor shower at Bondi Beach in Sydney
          












          Karrueche Tran shows off her incredible abs in tiny bardot crop top and low-slung combats as she enjoys night out with pals at Los Angeles hostpot Catch
          












          'We met at a fashion show and five years later we're doing a film.': Cara Delevingne on her 'amazing' five-year friendship with Valerian co-star Rihanna
          












          Cooling off! Madison Beer sips an iced tea in New York City after insisting she is not dating Brooklyn Beckham... but does have a 'crush' on him
          












          Work hard, play hard! Smitten Paris Hilton dazzles in a form-fitting dress as she steals a smooch from beau Chris Zylka while DJing in Spain
          












          Yacht a beauty! Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her curves in plunging black bikini as she tops up her tan during lavish St Tropez break
          












          Making a splash! Heidi Klum, 44, and Vito Schnabel, 31, look in good spirits as they enjoy a spot of paddle boarding during romantic break in Italy
          












          Double denim is the new black! Actress Yael Stone, 32,  dons a quirky ensemble as she takes to the stage at Sydney's Video Junkee festival 
          
          She was main speaker
        











          Police on emergency call to find missing woman run her over by mistake before she is airlifted to hospital by Prince William on his last air ambulance shift 
          












          Stylish Jennifer Lopez looks besotted as she walks hand-in-hand with beau Alex Rodriguez ahead of romantic meal celebrating his 42nd birthday
          












          'I wanted her my whole life... it's a loss': Rapper Meek Mill admits split with Nicki Minaj left him heartbroken... as he gives first raw interview about their breakup
          












          Hot rodding! Singer Cody Simpson channels his inner rocker as he spends the day enjoying California life in his classic Ford Falcon in West Hollywood
          












          Serving up a display of unity! Bachelor star Nick Viall cuddles up to fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as they join stars at charity ping pong event
          












          The Modelizer is back! Leonardo DiCaprio is yet again surrounded by a bevy of beauties as he is joined by giggling best pal Tobey Maguire on St Tropez yacht 
          












          Spoiler Alert! Rachel Lindsay's friend appears to have let slip the identity of Bachelorette star's chosen suitor
          
          There are only three contestants left 
        











          A night with her main men! Ashlee Simpson looks lovely in a navy blue gown as she joins dad Joe and husband Evan Ross at art charity bash 
          












          Ashley Tisdale covers her modesty with a strip of denim as she goes braless under transparent top on date night with husband Christopher French
          












          Back in the saddle! Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall cuts an impressive figure at horse trials after returning from a raucous trip to Ibiza
          












          Prince Harry cheers Red Cross volunteers in London dealing with the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire tragedy as it's revealed other tower blocks failed checks
          












          Showing off what she's got! Britney Spears puts her chest on display as she shares a workout clip on Instagram
          
          Shared a few of her secrets
        











          'He was compassionate': Injured photographer brands Justin Bieber 'a good kid' after being hit by his truck
          
          Immediately got out 
        











          Reese Witherspoon stays cool in two summery outfits in baking hot LA... after revealing plans to star in new TV show with  Jennifer Aniston 
          












          'Oh please, Mooch. I don't think anybody could block you from being a c***': Stephen Colbert mocks Scaramucci's foul-mouthed rant 
          












          At last! Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep pictured filming their FIRST EVER scene together on New York set of The Papers
          
          25 Oscar nominations between them
        











          'Adventure here we come!': Honeymooners Julianne Hough and Brooks Laich swap the Seychelles for a safari in Kenya after splashy wedding
          












          'She was the best friend a girl could ask for': Jessica Alba bids farewell to beloved family pet pug Sid
          
          Family 'devastated' by loss of pet pooch
        











          Mother's pride! Jennifer Garner showcases toned arms in vest as she enjoys stroll with daughter Violet
          
          Looked in fine form 
        











          'It needs to stop!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts eye-popping cleavage as she makes fun of LA's 'stupid valley girl' accent 
          












          Mom-to-be chic! Mindy Kaling debuts baby bump in stylish black dress as she hits red carpet at TCA event in Beverly Hills
          
          Announced it last week
        











          Red alert! Olivia Culpo steps out in New York in quirky scarlet ensemble and thigh-high boots for sultry shoot
          
          Strutted her stuff in the Big Apple
        











          Seeing double! Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen rock matching mini dresses at LA premiere of their new stalker comedy
          
          Co-stars together 
        











          Beauty and the best: Elizabeth Olsen's side braid and Nathalie Emmanuel's BLUE lipstick top our list of favorite hair and make-up moments 
          












          Game on! Prince Harry shows off his fancy footwork as he joins adorable youngsters playing handball as part of a fitness scheme in east London
          












          Showstopper! Andie MacDowell, 59, stuns at Hallmark event in cleavage-baring sleeveless white frock
          
          The model and actress went braless
        











          Joanna Krupa wears facemask and flashes torso during getaway to Greece...as Brandi Glanville 'seeks to throw out model's lawsuit'
          
          Looking sensational 
        











          Keeping up the hemline! Kendall Jenner flaunts her long lean legs in very mini skirt and strappy heels
          
          Model made sure all eyes were on her
        











          'My family's hero passed away': Marc Anthony grieves mother's death with heartbreaking Twitter message
          
          Tribute.
        











          Crimson Collins! Lily stuns in bold strapless number at Last Tycoon premiere in Los Angeles
          
          She is quickly becoming an international fashion maven 
        











          The thirsty thief strikes again! Drake super fan 'is pepper-sprayed and arrested' after attempting to break into his Hollywood mansion for a second time
          












          Justin Bieber turning to 'father figure' Carl Lentz for help after cancelling Purpose world tour... after claiming pastor 'brings out the best in him'
          












          Cara Delevingne dons bright wigs before rocking out in bodysuit of butterflies as she debuts first single in quirky sci-fi inspired music video
          












          Pregnant Jamie Lynn Sigler shows a hint of a baby bump after announcing she's expecting her second child
          
          Ex-Sopranos star 
        











          Lovely in lace! Priyanka Chopra showcases her figure in plunging white broderie anglaise dress in NYC
          
          She'd starred in over fifty Bollywood blockbusters 
        











          Generating a lot of buzz! Ryan Murphy and FX reveal new American Horror Story poster featuring brain beehive
          
          last week revealed the title would be Cult
        











          'It's just not really realistic': Madison Beer flashes toned tummy as she denies being in a relationship with Brooklyn Beckham
          
          Looked sleek and sexy
        











          Legendary Hollywood actor Martin Landau died from 'massive internal bleeding' his death certificate reveals
          
          His body went into shock while hospitalized in LA
        











          'You can be profitable for not being who you truly are': Keke Palmer slams Kylie Jenner for caving to societal pressure to 'make herself beautiful'
          












          'We'll be friends for a long time': Bella Thorne gushes about Scott Disick... after denying she and Kourtney Kardashian's ex are in a sexual relationship
          












          'Most actors are crazy': Sharknado star Tara Reid reveals why she would NEVER date newly-single Brad Pitt or anyone else in Hollywood
          












          She's got range! Jennifer Lopez films TV show in New York City and releases new shoe line with Giuseppe Zanotti
          
          Showed off her range
        











          'I feel great': Tracy Morgan says he's ready for second chance after near-fatal 2014 crash
          
          The 48-year-old actor said he's become a better person 
        











          She's moving on! Shania Twain slams ex husband and pays tribute to iconic hit in new video for Life's About To Get Good
          
          That does impress her
        











          Why Emma Thompson's lookalike mom is the REAL star in the family: Talented actress Phyllida Law reveals her early antics as a chorus girl 
          












          Catwalk queen! Alessandra Ambrosio puts on leggy display in short T-shirt dress for Beverly Hills shopping trip
          
          Spotted on Rodeo Drive 
        











          Matt Damon has a bruised face as he plays a suburban man out to avenge the murder of his wife in the George Clooney-directed film Suburbicon
          












          Ryan Phillippe leg injury prompts current season of USA Network drama Shooter to be trimmed by two shows
          
          The 42-year-old broke leg in 'freak' accident
        











          Working it! Amy Schumer shows off perfectly toned legs in bold pink mini skirt as she steps out of cab while filming new comedy I Feel Pretty
          












          Every inch the supermodel! Jourdan Dunn turns the sidewalk into a catwalk as she flaunts her form in NYC
          
          Flaunted her long lean figure 
        











          'We're hoping for a miracle': Jill Zarin in 'shock' after hospitalized husband Bobby's latest cancer procedure
          
          Father-of-four is fighting 
        











          Sandlot star Mike Vitar faces civil lawsuit over 2015 Halloween beating as video of assault is released
          
          A man was beaten and choked 
        











          Rita Ora flashes cleavage and midriff in cropped blouse as singer enjoys dinner out in Beverly Hills
          
          Took some time out from a string of appearances
        











          Hot mom! Chrissy Teigen looks glam in polka-dot dress and statement earrings as she steps out with baby Luna in NYC
          
          Sports Illustrated model
        











          Pretty good news! Larry David discovers he is a distant relative of socialist firebrand Bernie Sanders
          
          The comedian impersonated him 
        











          Island vibes! Lea Michele shows off her toned tum in summery crop top and skirt combo at the Last Tycoon after party
          
          Back in town
        











          Giggling sisters! Braless Bella Hadid shows off her body in tight white top and Daisy Dukes as she gets playful with sister Gigi in New York City
          












          'You kind of violated his right of way': Body cam footage shows cop telling Venus Williams she is at fault for fatal crash near her Florida home 
          












          COUNT-down to fun! Giggling Kate Moss gets the superstar treatment driving through Capri on a yellow buggy as she heads to meet her man Von Bismarck 
          












          Close bond! Lily Collins shops for furniture with her mom in Los Angeles... as she takes a break from promoting her new film
          
          Critically acclaimed role
        











          Matt Smith is almost unrecognizable as he dons a bouffant 80s wig and silk dressing gown to play legendary New York photographer Robert Mapplethorpe
          












          Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon are teaming up for new series about morning TV shows
          
          The pair are teaming up on an untitled series 
        











          'Mark Harmon is a mensch!': Maria Bello joins NCIS cast and raves about her new co-star on social media
          
          A regular on television and the movies 
        











          Red hot and ravishing! Jennifer Lopez pumps up the sexy quotient in a sizzling scarlet dress as she celebrates Alex Rodriguez's 42nd birthday
          












          'I was doing coke every day': Lamar Odom reflects on  drug overdose and reveals Khloe Kardashian once busted him getting high with another woman
          












          Letting it sink in: Yolanda Hadid looks downcast in NYC after it's revealed ex-husband David Foster has been romancing Elizabeth Hurley
          












          Busty Heidi Klum, 44, gets up close with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, as she shows off her flawless figure in VERY skimpy red bikini on plush yacht in St Tropez
          












          James Blunt swaps his ballads for bollards: Singer wears orange cone hat and jokes he couldn't park in 'rock star' space during his US tour
          












          'Don't want to tell you what's gone on in that shower!' Kim Kardashian reminisces as she visits old house she shared with Kris Humphries
          












          She'll never be a-Leo-ne! Nina Agdal  uses pizza Emoji to protect her modesty in NAKED snap... as she shows ex DiCaprio what he's missing
          












          Having a heart to heart! Rebel Wilson stands out in yellow sweater as she chats with co-star Liam Hemsworth while filming Isn't It Romantic
          
          Back to work for star 
        











          Delirious Simone Biles - drugged up after dental surgery -  speaks gibberish and imagines she's driving a car as she shares hysterical video 
          












          Heir-borne! Prince William is spotted in a park as emergency crews treat a patient after telling of horrors 'that can't be unseen' during his two years













          EXCLUSIVE: Julia Roberts plunks down $4M on rundown home to add to growing list of properties she's scooping up in Point Dume area of Malibu
          












          Her little gem! North West tells mom Kim Kardashian she has changed her Pomeranian pup's name from Sushi to Diamond
          
          Had pooch since June
        











          'I'm madly in love with Mary': Cheers star Ted Danson talks marriage of 22 years to Steenburgen ahead of his 70th birthday
          
          Heartwarming interview
        











          'It makes me excited and turns me on!' Britney Spears shows off her beautiful body in pink bustier as she launches her 21st fragrance, Private Show
          












          'I love fast food, it's really bad!': Minka Kelly reveals she has an addiction to burger and fries... but stops indulging once she feels 'sluggish'
          









 
 
DON'T MISS










          Lingerie-clad Demi Moore, 54, proves she hasn't changed since Striptease 21 YEARS ago as she flaunts her stunning figure in racy scenes from new film
          












          What is Bell's palsy? Angelina Jolie reveals she suffered facial paralysis (and early menopause and hypertension) during her break-up from Brad Pitt 
          












          Giving them the cold shoulder! Hailey Baldwin rocks sleeveless blouse and clingy pants as she promotes new show Drop The Mic at event in Beverly Hills
          












          Bright idea! Kendall Jenner stands out in New York City with yellow jacket as the model takes her mini Louis Vuitton purse to the gym
          












          Victoria's Secret model Doutzen Kroes displays her figure in pink tasseled bikini on yacht in St Tropez after partying with Leonardo DiCaprio 
          












          Rod Stewart gives $23,000 to disabled kids who drove to DC from Louisiana to protest GOP healthcare bill after he was 'heartbroken' by a TV segment on them 
          












          Harrison Ford steps out for dinner in LA with third wife Calista Flockhart and 16-year-old adopted son Liam... after making ComicCon appearance
          












          'Bring your babe to work!' Jenna Bush Hager shares sweet photo of her four-year-old daughter Mila on NBC's Today show set 
          












          'You'll float too!' Pennywise the Clown haunts kids in second trailer for spine-chiller It... as director reveals second film plans
          
          From Stephen King book
        











          She's a real beach girl! Bikini-clad former The Hills star Audrina Patridge puts her gym-honed physique on display as she splashes around in Miami
          












          'As a man he fell in love with women, will she continue?': Twitter goes into meltdown as they claim the first female Doctor Who will be bisexual
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Princess Di's lover Dodi Fayed was a cocaine fiend who trawled Studio 54 with celeb pals Liza Minnelli and Robin Williams, new book reveals
          












          Kesha clings to a teddy bear and shares childhood home movies in new video for single Learn To Let Go
          
          Latest track  from her upcoming album
        











          Tie it up! As Bella Hadid and Chanel Iman prove crop tops are SO last year, FEMAIL rounds up the prettiest front tie blouses on the market
          
          Re-create their look
        











          Katy Perry is named host of MTV Video Music Awards in August as she says 'brace for impact, kids'
          
          Dressed as astronaut for the occasion
        











          'Decorating, house stuff, that was Brad's thing': Angelina Jolie is learning to cook, be a homebody for her six kids in $25m mansion post Pitt split
          












          Victoria and David Beckham put on a united front following sweat-inducing gym session in LA... amid claims couple are leading 'separate lives'
          












          Big Apple love! Chrissy Teigen shows off her model legs in black mini dress as she enjoys a date night with husband John Legend in New York City
          












          Looking hot is the best revenge! Blac Chyna flaunts curves in white swimsuit after ugly Rob Kardashian blowup... as she reveals she's 'good' with ex Tyga
          












          New lips? Ashlee Simpson checks her pout after working up sweat at LA gym... as second husband Evan Ross films comedy HeadShop
          












          Angelina Jolie attacked for 'cruel' game to pick Cambodian child actors for new film in which they were given money which was then SNATCHED away 
          












          'He's an incredible guy!' Tinsley Mortimer reveals she's still dating coupon company founder Scott Kluth on Watch What Happens Live
          












          First Lady Melania Trump to lead US delegation to Invictus Games in Toronto organized by Prince Harry in first official solo trip
          












          Shirtless Billy Zane, 51, shows off his bod as hits the beach in St Tropez with a bikini-clad hottie following breakup from fiancée Candice McNeil
          












          Are these the world's HOTTEST silver foxes? The VERY fit older men (and their flustered female fans) who prove that age really is just a number 
          












          The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are urged NOT to have a third child in an open letter calling on them to 'lead by example' for 'environmental reasons' 
          












          Bust-ing a move! Braless Tove Lo flashes her bare breasts as she puts on a very brazen display during gig in Sydney
          
          Singer surprises fans
        











          Amy Schumer becomes the only woman to make Forbes' 2017 list of the world's highest-paid comedians with an estimated $37.5m annual income 
          












          Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, has her Bond girl moment as she emerges from ocean in a skimpy bikini in Cannes.
          
          Glamorous socialite
        











          'He makes my heart skip a beat!': Jennifer Lopez posts  tribute to beau Alex Rodriguez on his 42nd birthday as she shares handsome portrait
          












          She looks so different! Mandy Moore, 33, wears wig, dowdy clothes to play an older version of her This Is Us character Rebecca Pearson
          
          Aalmost unrecognizable
        











          Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her enviable toned legs in slinky red mini dress as she soaks up the sun during Saint-Tropez getaway
          












          It's just Basic Instinct! Sharon Stone, 59, shows off some VERY raunchy dance moves in behind-the-scenes glimpse at her racy GQ Italia shoot
          












          Radiant Gigi Hadid gives a flash of her toned midriff in NYC... as she steps out for first time since boyfriend Zayn Malik discussed struggles with anxiety
          












          Happy to be home? Tiffany Trump flashes a wide grin while shopping in New York after getting back from month-long European vacation with mom Marla Maples
          












          Sara Sampaio passionately locks lips with boyfriend Oliver Ripley as she jets from Mexico to Mykonos to continue 26th birthday celebrations 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: OJ Simpson's lawyer sends cease and desist letter to family of slain Ron Goldman, claiming they THREATENED him with 'unsolicited phone call' 
          












          Blac Chyna flaunts major cleavage in plunging dress... as she cozies up to Lamar Odom and reunites with baby daddy Tyga in Los Angeles
          












          Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto shows off her incredible abs in white cut-out ensemble as they enjoy a romantic beach day in St Tropez
          












          Ansel Elgort is slick in trendy pink checked suit as he cozies up to childhood sweetheart Violetta Komyshan at Baby Driver premiere in Mexico
          












          'It's game on mthrfkers!' Kid Rock is taking 'hard look' at potential Senate run after being 'overwhelmed' by support 
          












          Back on! Meg Ryan and John Mellencamp have 'been dating again for MONTHS' after a three-year-break... as they are seen together in New York City
          












          Goop defector: One of Gwyneth's doctors insists she is not wedded to the site - and believes much of its content 'is not evidence-based' 
          












          Shine bright like a...! Rihanna is dripping in diamonds as she debuts exquisite Chopard collaboration
          
          Singer, 29, branching out into jewelry business  
        











          Gordon Ramsay and son Jack capture a giant Burmese python in the Florida Everglades... then cook it and eat it on his TV show The F Word 
          
          Hunting and cooking 
        











          Show some skin! As Olivia Munn and Lily Collins flaunt their legs in short skirts, FEMAIL reveals four ways to rock minis everywhere you go this summer
          












          Strutting her stuff! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale, 22, flaunts her slender figure in denim as she steps out in New York City
          
          Effortlessly chic
        











          Tatt's nice!  Singer Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in a T-shirt as he strolls in Los Angeles and showcases his new anchor hand tattoo
          












          'I wiped tears from the same people that caused mine!' Jeremy Meeks' estranged wife Melissa slams felon-turned-model as he romances Chloe Green
          












          Ronaldo reveals he is planning to have SEVEN children... after confirming pregnant girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez is expecting his fourth child
          












          'I know you are in a tough fight': Kind-hearted Rob Lowe makes a brave lifelong fan's dream come true with a heartfelt message as she battles cancer
          












          Justin Bieber hits photographer with his huge pickup truck and leaves him with minor injuries outside church service days after canceling tour
          












          Putting it all out there! Bella Thorne offers an eyeful in sheer lace bra and hotpants en route to app launch...as she 'moves on from Scott Disick for good'
          












          Baby got Beck! David Beckham signs his autograph on a girl's backside during California road trip... amid claims of a marital rift with wife Victoria
          












          Boris Becker's wife Lilly turns heads in plunging black swimsuit as she enjoys beach day in Ibiza without husband following rumors of 'marriage rift'
          












          How Prince Charles failed Diana, by her closest Palace aide: Former private secretary berates Royal Family for failing to treat her with respect
          












          Fun in the city! Bella Hadid goes braless in white crop top before changing her outfit THREE times on the streets of New York
          
          Was free as a bird 
        











          'No one cares about you': Tinsley Mortimer clashes with Sonja Morgan over gossip column article on RHONY
          
          Things got very ugly
        











          Peek-a-booty! Ariel Winter flashes the flesh in black Daisy Dukes and tied-up tee while out to lunch in Studio City with boyfriend Levi Meaden
          












          Leo-thario DiCaprio laps up the single life as he makes a play for MULTIPLE beautiful women inside his foundation gala in St Tropez
          












          Megyn Kelly's morning show 'Megyn Kelly Today' will premiere at 9am starting in September... but not before she wraps up her Sunday night program
          












          It's official! Scientific research confirms that George Clooney has the world's most handsome face (and Bradley Cooper and Brad Pitt aren't far behind)
          












          Who needs men? Sizzling Joanna Krupa relaxes on a pool floaty with a bikini-clad gal pal on Greek getaway following breakup from husband 
          












          'I get in shape, then I'm back to eating hamburgers': Cate Blanchett talks of extremely tight and 'horrendous' suit worn in Thor: Ragnarok
          












          Bachelor alum Britt Nilsson reveals struggles with alcoholism and bulimia ...including muffling her mic with towels to vomit while on show
          












          X-Men star Nicholas Hoult set 'to play legendary writer J.R.R. Tolkien in new biopic about Hobbit author's life'
          
          Jennifer Lawrence's ex
        











          'We grew up together': Reese Witherspoon reflects on raising lookalike daughter Ava as she marks her upcoming 18th birthday
          
          Two peas in a pod 
        











          'Overcompensating for his tiny hands': James Corden sings reworked version of Nat King Cole's 1960s hit L-O-V-E to slam Trump's ban on transgender soldiers
          












          HBO reveals final season of Game Of Thrones may be the longest of all with two hour long episodes
          
          Fans face a longer farewell
        











          RHOBH's Dorit Kemsley leaves little to the imagination in  very revealing low-cut black body suit and sheer skirt in Los Angeles
          
          She flashed the flesh
        











          'You put aside certain things to love each other': Matt Bomer hints the relationship with his parents is still strained after coming out... and talks tough roles
          












          Kourtney Kardashian flashes her black lace bra in sexy crop top as she keeps mum about becoming an aunt again to 'Kim's third child via surrogate'
          












          Reigning in the style stakes! Queen Letizia and husband King Felipe make a VERY handsome pair as they carry out a joint engagement in Madrid
          












          Sssssexy! Celine Dion oozes daytime glamour in snakeskin coat and racy thigh-high boots as she continues to experiment with her style in Paris
          












          She rocks! Hailey Baldwin looks sensational in strapless wet-look red mini dress at app launch event
          
          Joined celebrities including Bella Thorne
        











          Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her legs in TINY hotpants as she hits the town after narrowly avoiding Justin Bieber's car collision with a photographer
          












          'They want to keep the memorial private': Chester Bennington's family keen to keep Linkin Park frontman's funeral 'relatives and close friends only'
          












          He's not just environmentally-friendly! Leonardo DiCaprio calls on megastar pals Kate Winslet and Madonna for celeb-studded annual fundraising gala
          












          A real life Sherlock Holmes! 'Mind reader' stuns the America's Got Talent judges by correctly guessing Mel B's last meals AND her innermost secret
          












          'You're an icon... I adore you!' Kate Beckinsale's daughter Lily pays moving tribute to her mother as actress celebrates her 44th birthday
          












          Stirring the pot! Martha Stewart insists she doesn't smoke weed with cooking show co-star Snoop Dogg and says she would NEVER date the rapper
          












          'No place like home': Jennifer Lopez gushes about NYC as she's seen grabbing lunch with Alex Rodriguez after a bicycle ride
          
          Leisurely day out 
        











          Kim Kardashian flaunts her taut abs in a tiny crop top as she's seen for first time with sister Khloe amid claims 'her surrogate is three-months pregnant'
          












          Looking bootyful! Iggy Azalea flaunts famous curves in faux-leather pants after denying she's surgically-enhanced her derrière
          
          Flaunted her assets 
        











          Sweet angel! Candice Swanepoel sports flirty white jumpsuit to celebrate new partnership as the face of Juicy fragrance
          
          Victoria's Secret Angel 
        











          Prosecutor in OJ Simpson murder trial Marcia Clark says that he has 'served his debts' - at least for armed robbery
          
          Juice is free in October
        











          Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with her father Luis in Los Angeles...after he revealed she is a 'blessing' amid his 20-year battle with MS
          












          Rooting him on! Jennifer Aniston and husband Justin Theroux show their support for Jason Bateman at his Walk Of Fame ceremony
          
          His biggest fans 
        











          Charlie Puth and Lionel Richie 'are being considered' to join Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest for American Idol reboot
          
          New additions 
        











          Clint Eastwood wears floppy camo hat on Atlanta set of his have-a-go heroes movie The 15:17 To Paris
          
          The movie is based on book of the same title 
        











          'You just belittled me': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle stands up to TV boss Donna Paulsen on Suits
          
          Meghan's character got feisty with her superior
        











          Snoop Dogg escapes Wiz Khalifa lawsuit after fans sue the artists over collapsed railings which sent concert-goers tumbling in New Jersey
          
          Around 40 fans injured
        











          Get (Sexy) Back! Justin Timberlake looks aghast after being approached by fans while strolling in sunny NYC
          
          Not the done thing in the Big Apple
        











          Pretty in pink! Claire Danes stuns in summery cleavage-baring dress at New York premiere of Brigsby Bear
          
          Was a showstopper
        











          Barrel of laughs! Elizabeth Olsen and Jeremy Renner share a private joke at the Los Angeles premiere of their new movie Wind River
          












          Jim Gaffigan's wife reveals she's finally able to eat food again three months after having a tumor the size of an apple removed from her brain stem
          












          'I'm trying to work through certain issues': Zayn Malik addresses ongoing anxiety battle... as he reveals he slept on a mattress for SIX months in his LA pad 
          












          'It's like blackface': Alec Baldwin slammed by disabled groups for accepting lead role in movie about a blind man
          
          Criticized for starring in the film called, Blind 
        











          Ready to pop! Make-up free Whitney Port shows off  bump after blogging about her swollen feet, constant hunger and annoying anxiety
          
          Out on her errands 
        











          Rocky and Bullwinkle voice actress June Foray passes away at 99... after eight decades of bringing beloved cartoons to life
          
          Made memories
        











          'I've never felt so happy': Lucky Blue Smith, 19, announces birth of daughter Gravity with girlfriend Stormi Bree, 26, on Instagram
          
          Very proud father 
        











          Over, and out! Prince William prepares for his final shift after two years as an air ambulance helicopter pilot - but what next for the future king? 
          












          Let's talk! Rebel Wilson gives Liam Hemsworth hand signal to call her on NYC set of new romantic comedy
          
          The funnygirl has him on speed dial
        











          'We gave her $40,000 out of goodness of our hearts': Lisa Vanderpump 'disappointed' at dog rescuer's 'false claims' she was stiffed 
          












          Tom Hardy set to play war correspondent Anthony Loyd in adaptation of journalist's memoirs about the Bosnian conflict and his heroin addiction
          












          Madison Beer jets to New York amid claims new beau Brooklyn Beckham is looking for a Manhattan apartment to 'pursue their relationship'
          










 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was...





How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of...





Kim Jong-Un issues 'stern warning' to America after successful test of ICBM that experts claim can hit...





'Prison changed me forever': Amanda Knox opens up to a panel of LAWYERS to say she feels deeply cynical...





Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and...





Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three years of marriage, growing tired of...





‘You can’t have everything’: Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare ‘implode’ before trying to pass...





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling...





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus...





John McCain returns to Arizona for cancer treatment after dramatically killing Trump's Obamacare repeal and...





'The White House is turning into Game of Thrones': Trump's spectacular firing of Reince Priebus sends...





Stephen Colbert is set to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime





Majority of Americans SUPPORT transgender military service as protests break out across nation against...





Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for...





Man promises to turn up to work dressed as Sarah Palin if McCain votes against Obamacare repeal - and then...





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son...





Crabby Sean Hannity denies claim he ran up $42,000 tab at Trump's DC hotel after flying in 70-year-old...





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during...





California girl, 18, who live-streamed 'drunken' crash that killed her younger sister, 14, on Instagram...





Katie Couric leaves behind $10m annual salary as Yahoo's global news anchor as she ends her exclusive online...





'If you don't email him, I will.': Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff fondly reveals how ex-President played...





Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'





Elderly mother, 83, being held on $1million bail for murder-for-hire plot with her son, 63, in scheme to...





Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being...





EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Months after he was arrested a revolving cast of...





California Muslim leader apologizes for anti-semitic sermon calling for the 'liberation' of holy Islamic...





The Problem with Apu: New documentary reveals how much Indian-Americans like Kal Penn HATE The Simpsons...





Family of two brothers, 11 and 12, who suffered 'painful and agonizing deaths' after stepping in a puddle...





Chris Christie says his family was 'hurt' by public blowback over pictures of New Jersey governor lounging...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            'We had a great life, look after our kids': The chiropractor who jumped to his death with his wife off Manhattan office block because of their spiraling financial woes
            



 
            'Our beautiful boy has gone': Little Charlie Gard's parents announce that their brave warrior whose plight touched the world has finally died after battling devastating genetic illness he fought for so long 
            



 
            Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three years of marriage, growing tired of billionaire's 'naked political ambition'
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Serial cheater Kris Jenner was caught in friend's home gym having sex with her personal trainer while married to Robert Kardashian - who she bedded for first time when engaged to another man
            



 
            Machete-wielding man 'screaming Allahu Akbar' kills one person and injures several others during rampage in Hamburg supermarket
            



 
            North Korea fires ballistic missile 621 miles into the Sea of Japan in latest act of 'provocation' against the West
            



 
            'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington breaks her silence a week after his shocking suicide aged 41
            



 
            Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being killed by cops
            



 
            Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was unhappy that he didn't 'return fire' at Scaramucci after THAT explosive interview 
            



 
            'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with him': New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft 'Jack the Lad' police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 
            



 
            How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of inbreeding
            



 
            ‘Take time and enjoy the world’: Final Instagram post of tragic Diversity dancer and West End performer Robert Anker who was killed in a car crash in Canada 
            



 
            Woman, 18, aborts her baby at 35 WEEKS... and then is horrified to discover the midwife has saved the boy and sold him to her cousin
            



 
            Inside one of America's most feared street gangs: Guns, drugs and violence are part of everyday life for the Bloodline gangsters
            



 
            Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for awkward trip on Air Force One
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Months after he was arrested a revolving cast of family, football stars, coaches and a 'super close' friend spent time with the disgraced NFL star
            



 
            Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'
            



 
            Police bodycam captures the heart-stopping moment officer shoots dead charging dog
            



 
            Two women are in hospital with broken bones after a THREESOME went wrong with one falling off a balcony as she reached climax and the other slipping as she ran to help in Germany 
            



 
            ‘Like u ain’t never done it’! Drunk hen party who 'acted like creatures' and were then escorted off a Ryanair flight to Spain defend their alcohol-fueled antics as 'having fun'
            



 
            Oroville Dam's 'green spot' raises new worries that the nation's tallest dam could be facing a breach danger from a slow motion leak five months after it overflowed
            



 
            Girl, 3, dies after doctors find SEVEN needles inside her body after horrific 'black magic' abuse by her mother's boss who used her as a 'voodoo doll' in India
            



 
            Man, 72, 'shot his 28-year-old wife in the face' because 'she told him he didn't satisfy her financially or sexually'
            



 
            Millionaire businessman killed himself after he had a stroke and became paranoid that his wife was having an affair - even though she denied being unfaithful 
            



 
            Shocking surveillance video captures the moment two border patrol officers 'encouraging a Mexican teen to drink from two bottles of liquid meth' hours before he died 
            



 
            Arizona State student who received unwanted picture of a man's penis sends them to his MOTHER
            



 
            Mother of four charged with murder after her baby boy was found rotting in a dumpster after dying of a meth overdose
            



 
            Campaign grows to punish cruel Florida fishermen who dragged a shark behind their boat at high speed after it's revealed one of their mothers is a manatee conservationist
            



 
            Newborn twins and a girl, one, are orphaned when their mother dies from c-section complications just three weeks after father was murdered
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL





























































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 






















Jennifer Hudson joins fiance David Otunga at Clive Davis' pre-Grammy bash | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.



 News



 Sports


 
 

U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


U.S. Showbiz


U.K. Showbiz


Headlines


Arts


Pictures


Blogs


Video


TV Listings



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED because Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was unhappy that he didn't 'return fire' at Scaramucci after THAT explosive interview





REVEALED: One-in-400million disability becomes COMMON in tiny polygamist Mormon town Hilldale where sufferers can't sit or stand without help after generations of inbreeding





Kim Jong-Un issues 'stern warning' to America after successful test of ICBM that experts claim can hit CHICAGO - prompting joint exercise between US and South Korean forces 





'Prison changed me forever': Amanda Knox speaks about how the murder trial and four years in prison defined her





Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and choked one because she wouldn't have sex with him'





Wife of Scaramucci files for divorce after growing tired of billionaire's 'naked political ambition' - three years into the marriage and one week since his White House posting





'You can't have everything': Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare 'implode' before trying to pass health bill - and blames 'the swamp' after humiliating defeat





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling people he wants 'a general' as White House chief of staff





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus AND the Mooch with him to speech where he says it's OK for police to rough up 'thugs'





John McCain returns to Arizona for cancer treatment after dramatically killing Trump's Obamacare repeal and will start chemotherapy on Monday





'The White House is turning into Game of Thrones': Trump's spectacular firing of Reince Priebus sends Twitter wild as social media reacts to the West Wing chaos





Stephen Colbert is set to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime





The majority of Americans SUPPORT transgender military service as protests break out across nation against Trump's ban 





Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for awkward trip on Air Force One





Man promises to turn up to work dressed as Sarah Palin if McCain votes against Obamacare repeal - and then does so





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of her D.C. home, followed closely by a very laid back Jared





Crabby Sean Hannity denies claim he ran up $42,000 tab at Trump's DC hotel after flying in 70-year-old lobster from Maine for inauguration weekend





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during Italian getaway - as taxpayers forked out $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip





California girl, 18, who live-streamed 'drunken' crash that killed her younger sister, 14, on Instagram breaks down in tears in court as she's denied lower a bail 





Katie Couric leaves behind $10m annual salary as Yahoo's global news anchor as she ends her exclusive online show after four years





'If you don't email him, I will.': Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff fondly reveals how ex-President played Cupid for her - as she opens up on life at his side - and explains why Michelle was really the boss





Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'





Elderly mother, 83, being held on $1million bail for murder-for-hire plot with her son, 63, in scheme to kill former daughter-in-law





Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being killed by cops




Previous
Next








Opposites attract! Jennifer Hudson wows in daring mesh mini as she joins preppy fiance David Otunga at Clive Davis' pre-Grammy bash
By

Karen Mizoguchi for MailOnline

Published:
  01:49 EDT, 8 February 2015

 | 
Updated:
  11:16 EDT, 8 February 2015














e-mail








26
shares

 
          57
View  comments



They have been engaged for more than seven years.And on Saturday Jennifer Hudson shows that opposites do indeed attract as she joined fiance David Otunga at the Clive Davis pre-Grammy soiree in Los Angeles.The 33-year-old multi-award winning performer turned heads on the red carpet as she showed her unique sense of style in a black mesh mini dress with thigh high boots. Scroll down for video   





 Hot mama! Jennifer Hudson attended the Clive Davis pre-Grammy party in Los Angeles on Saturday  





 Date night: The 33-year-old Grammy winner was accompanied by fiance David Otunga who proudly wrapped his arm around his belovedHer longtime love, 34, proudly wrapped his arm around her, while displaying his own fashion sense in a preppy sweater and tie.His wife-to-be made a seductive statement revealing her black bra in the long sleeve see-through frock.If the short frock wasn't enough, Jennifer oozed major sex appeal with fishnet stockings and thigh high patent leather black boots.She wore a purple lip for an added cherry on top of her stunning outfit.






  





 Sexy statement: The Academy Award winning actress turned heads on the red carpet wearing a black mesh mini dress  





 For David's eyes only: The mother-of-one reveaked her black bra in the long sleeve see-through frock  





 LBD: Jennifer oozed major sex appeal with fishnet stockings and thigh high patent leather black bootsWhile David was more conservatively dressed, it was clear the pair remain devoted.Harvard Law School graduate David - who was a former WWE champion wrestler - covered up his muscular build in a black and white plaid dress shirt, grey sweater, black tie and grey trousers.It was a fun date night for the engaged couple, who will surely be attending the Grammy Awards as Jennifer is nominated for Best R&B Performance for her single It's Your World featuring R Kelly.  





 Dynamic duo: Jennifer and Iggy Azalea performed their duet Trouble at the soiree






Since becoming a breakout star from the third season of American Idol in 2006, Jennifer has gone on to win an Oscar, Grammy, SAG and Golden Globe Award.'You know what you don't have to win,' she said to Wall Street Journal about her seventh place finish on the FOX singing competition.Adding: 'When I did it I took it as an experience I always called it the boot camp of the industry it preps you and teaches you what its about. 'You don't always have to win as long as I have my talent you know that's all I need and I have to keep singing and keep going for it and that's what I did. It's a matter of what you do with the opportunity. I started singing at the age of seven and I always knew what I wanted to do.'  





 Her start: Jennifer became a breakout star after appearing on the third season of American Idol in 2006  





 Private plane: 'Me n my hudsonettes r on our way back to la ! Team Jhud ! Let's roll'And on her success in the entertainment business, she revealed she wants to continue her passions both in music and acting.'I hope I never have to choose between the two. Now I'm doing Empire so that's a bit of singing and acting. That's going great. But I do want to continue acting and singing I just hope I don't have to choose,' she said.It was recently announced that Jennifer will be making her Broadway debut in the revival of The Color Purple.  





 More projects on the horizon: Fans will be able to catch Jennifer on the hit FOX show Empire as well as her Broadway debut in The Color Purple



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








26
shares











      Most watched News videos          Passengers cheer as rowdy women are kicked off Ryanair flight         The dramatic moment John McCain defeats ‘skinny’ Obamacare         Charlie Gard holds card bearing the words 'two weeks old today'         Emergency services at supermarket stabbing crime scene in Hamburg         Touching moment Charlie Gard looks up at camera in peak health         'I'm not that old': Student defends talking to a teen for sex         Horrifying moment carriage comes off Fire Ball ride in mid-air         Skiing video posted by Toni Terry revealing they weren't at home         Huge shark jumps aboard fishing boat and gets stuck on deck         Cruise ship victim Kristy Manzanares featured in real estate video         Moment Charlie Gard's parents spend quality time by his side         Giant angry huntsman spider terrorises family         





       'Our beautiful boy has gone': Little Charlie Gard's...      ‘Take time and enjoy the world’: Final Instagram post of...      'We had a great life, look after our kids': The...      ‘Like u ain’t never done it’! Drunk hen party who 'acted...      Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after...      Machete-wielding man 'screaming Allahu Akbar' kills one...      Student, 21, who thought he was meeting a 14-year-old boy...      Waterloo Road actress Holly Matthews shares heartbreaking...      'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park...      Woman, 18, aborts her baby at 35 WEEKS... and then is...      'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with...      North Korea fires ballistic missile 621 miles into the...      Husband weeps in orange jumpsuit and shackles as he is...      Millionaire businessman killed himself after he had a...      Two women are in hospital with broken bones after a...      Grooming gang boss who pimped girls out at £150-a-time...      'It was just a tragic accident': British men investigated...      Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 57

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have not been moderated.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          White hot! Body loving Emily Ratajkowski strips down to sexy bikini for Instagram swimsuit photo
          
          She knows her way around a two-piece
        











          New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 
          












          Almost homeowners! Beyonce and Jay Z 'are close to snapping up that $130m Bel-Air mansion for $90m'... as new details emerge on property
          












          The love affair that shocked the world... told by the people who watched it unfold: Why Diana dumped the Muslim doctor she wanted to marry for Dodi
          












          No glam squad needed! Ivanka Trump applies some last-minute make-up in the back of her SUV, before heading to a meeting at the United Nations
          















          Busting out! Kate Upton and Kendra Wilkinson show off their impressive cleavage at the JBL Fest in Las Vegas
          
          Cleavage was on show 
        











          'She's just not that into me': Kim Kardashian shares video of a 'grumpy' North West... but son Saint is all smiles during Snapchat session
          












          Diana's never-before-seen photo album: Remarkable snapshots offer an enchanting insight into the life of the late royal
          
          Intimate pictures 
        











          Model squad! Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin join Kendall Jenner and Imaan Hammam at Gigi's apartment in NY before heading to concert
          












          Heidi Klum, 44, shows off her figure in bikini as she is surrounded by roses while showering with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic St Tropez yacht trip
          












          Denim diva! Model Martha Hunt struts around NYC in close-cropped blue jumpsuit
          
          Seemed to be honing her walk as she navigated Chelsea 
        













          Diana's dangerous liaisons: Dashing in their day... but what's become of the men who stole the Princess's heart? 
          
          Take a look at Diana's lovers 
        











          Charles knew of Diana's affair... and didn't care: The 1987 photograph that showed the Prince joking with James Hewitt - who was sleeping with his wife
          












          Beyonce and Jay Z are taking SoulCycle classes together six weeks after welcoming twins Sir and Rumi
          
          Spinning classes to stay in shape 
        











          Blac Chyna flaunts her figure in black spandex shorts and a crop top for shopping trip with new beau Mechie
          
          Currently with rapper Mechie
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Madonna cuts a care free figure as she relaxes in the sunshine with handsome shirtless pal during St Tropez break
          












          Wonder in white: Eva Longoria shows off glowing tan as she lands at LAX after bikini holiday in Mallorca
          
          Had to trade in her bikini for travelling pants
        











          Back to black! Ariel Winter shows off long dark mane after trip to West Hollywood salon
          
          Went through reddish, crimson locks for much of the summer
        











          Jean-ius! Madison Beer flashes toned torso in sexy ripped double denim look...after admitting she has a 'crush' on Brooklyn Beckham
          












          Long time no see! Kendall Jenner steps out in striped playsuit as she is spotted with pal Scott Disick for the first time in months 
          
          Catching up in NYC
        











          Now THAT'S a bromance! Chris Hemsworth kisses Hollywood legend Anthony Hopkins on set of blockbuster Thor: Ragnarok
          














          Beach day for two! OITNB's Jackie Cruz packs on the PDA with boyfriend Fernando Garcia as she flashes major side boob in Spain
          
          Much needed downtime 
        











          Game of Thrones actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau claims ex-manager set him up with 'sham' deals in fraud lawsuit
          
          Deal entitled her to 10 percent commission 
        











          'Feelin' that summer breeze!': Cindy Crawford looks flawless in makeup-free shot from her Canadian vacation home
          
          The 51-year-old beauty 
        











          She can't keep her lips off him! DWTS' Peta Murgatroyd gives baby Shai a cute kiss as she goes shopping with her boy
          
          Grocery run 
        











          Where's the Bachelorette? Rachel Lindsay skips out on engagement party in Punta Cana...as it's claimed reality star 'didn't make her flight'
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Serial cheater Kris Jenner was caught in friend's home gym having sex with her personal trainer while married to Robert Kardashian 
          














          'It's a......': Jamie-Lynn Sigler reveals the gender of forthcoming baby with exploding baseball
          
          The 36-year-old Sopranos alum 
        











          Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht during Italian getaway - as taxpayers paid $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip
          












          Belly dancing diva! Amber Rose shows off her killer curves leaving a belly dancing class after revealing she faced 'constant bullying' from Kanye
          












          Back on the mean streets! Jennifer Lopez continues to film NBC crime drama Shades Of Blue in New York
          
          Was spotted on the outdoor set 
        













          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Vegan girlfriend of Princess Margaret's grandson shares VERY risqué picture of herself enjoying the fresh air 
          












          Beaming Elton John sports garish floral shirt as he joins similarly funky David Furnish on Italy jaunt 
          
          The 70-year-old Rocket Man hitmaker 
        











          Blue beauty! Hilary Duff steps out in casual shirt and torn jeans combo for chores in Beverly Hills... after her home was burglarized
          
          Appeared somber
        











          Lingerie-flashing Monica Bellucci, 52, shows off her age-defying good looks in sizzling sheer skirt as she dazzles at Monaco Red Cross Ball Gala
          












          Cherry nice! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her famous figure in a cut-out black mini-dress printed with fruit
          
          Pounded the pavement
        











          'You're really somethin' else, babe': AnnaLynne McCord rolls around in bed in steamy sex scene and points guns at herself during trailer for 68 Kill
          












          The futuristic Queen! Princess Charlene of Monaco shows off her TINY waist in corseted space-age gown as she joins husband Prince Albert II at a gala
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas appear to be back on track in dancing 17th anniversary snaps
          












          Strike a pose! Bella Thorne shows off 'sexy plumped Buxom lips for the summer' on social media
          
          Seems never to get tired of posing up a storm 
        











          Passion of the Christ star Mel Gibson lists his Medieval style Malibu mansion adorned with plenty of wooded crosses for $17.5m
          
          Has an old world feel 
        











          Stephen Colbert to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime
          
          As-yet untitled comedy will mock the president  
        











          On two wheels! Seventh Heaven star Beverly Mitchell teaches her cute daughter how to ride a bike... and smartly doesn't forget a helmet
          












          Living on the edge! Rihanna dangles from the side of a building in Kendrick Lamar's surreal music video for hit single LOYALTY
          
          Hip hop megastar 
        











          Sienna Miller continues her chic streak in a fitted trench coat as she prepares for another performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
          
          Enjoying her run 
        











          What will stepmom Barbra Streisand think? Josh Brolin looks muscular as he poses completely NAKED while his wife flexes her arms in bathroom selfie
          














          'We explore inequality and women's rights': Actress Madeleine Madden discusses the 'feminist' remake of Picnic At Hanging Rock
          
          Reboot of classic movie
        











          Bet Tyrone Wood like that! Rita Ora flashes generous underboob in skimpy bikini... amid romance rumors with Rolling Stone Ronnie's son
          












          Feline good! Vanessa Hudgens flashes her toned abs and legs in Yeah Pussy cropped top and shorts
          
          Picked up a fresh juice from EarthBar
        











          'Got a little taste of wifey's world!' DJ Ruckus shares loved-up behind the scenes snap from shoot with fiancée model Shanina Shaik
          
          Getting married soon 
        











          Fit and fantastic! Lucy Hale highlights svelte shape in sporty tank top and leggings as she grabs iced coffee
          
          Looked relaxed and content 
        











          Flashing her abs again! Jennifer Lopez. 48, looks fit in tank top as she holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez after his birthday celebration
          












          Loving her look! Rihanna 'feels sexy and more confident with new curves'... as beau Hassan Jameel 'treats her like a princess'
          
          Singer wowed this week
        











          Wonder in white! Brooke Burke flaunts her fit arms and teases her toned legs while out for dinner in Malibu
          
          The 45-year-old looked stunning as usual
        











          Erin Andrews urges fans to try meditation to lower cancer risk after her shock diagnosis and surgery
          
          First major interview after battling with the disease
        











          'My mouth dropped': Oprah Winfrey recalls the moment Mindy Kaling told her she was FIVE MONTHS pregnant 
          
          They are co-stars in A Wrinkle In Time
        











          Busy mommy! Molly Sims looks fit in Daisy Dukes as she takes family on ice-cream outing in The Hamptons after brief trip to Los Angeles
          












          'I have a lot of insecurities... I do weird sh**': Selena Gomez explains what motivated her to make the disturbing video for Fetish
          












          'He can smize!': Tyra Banks flashes her bra under revealing strappy dress on Seth Meyers Late Show as she offers update on one-year-old son York
          












          'He puts up with my ridiculous jokes and scatter brain': Reese Witherspoon reveals why she loves spouse Jim Toth as she wishes him a happy birthday
          












          Bozo's a real babe! Meet Bill Skarsgård - brother of True Blood star Alexander - the hunky actor playing Pennywise in remake of Stephen King's It
          












          Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning AGAIN to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill for the third time - years after being reprimanded
          
          Feds slammed Kim
        











          Still going strong! ALL THREE Married at First Sight couples decide to stay with spouses eight weeks after saying 'I do' as strangers - even pair who haven't had sex 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Family, NFL stars, coaches and a 'super close' friend spent time with disgraced athlete
          












          Still got it! Rachael Leigh Cook is pretty in purple as she hits LA event... 18 years after blasting to fame with Freddie Prinze Jr in She's All That
          












          Jax is back! Charlie Hunnam channels his Sons Of Anarchy character as he runs errands on his black Harley-Davidson motorcycle in LA
          












          'The kiss was great!': Paula Patton dishes on locking lips with Mission: Impossible co-star Tom Cruise while stopping by LIVE With Kelly & Ryan
          












          'About the bikini life': Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro flaunts her toned body in tiny swimwear during getaway to the Spanish island of Ibiza
          












          Just the girls! Katie Holmes grabs coffee-to-go in sweatpants and playful T-shirt with daughter Suri Cruise, 11,  as pair run errands in NYC
          












          Reach for the sky! Amy Schumer throws tote bag in air as she jumps with glee while filming I Feel Pretty in blue leggings and tank top
          












          'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington breaks her silence a week after his shocking suicide aged 41
          












          Countdown! Jessica Biel keeps her cool in denim skirt and tank top as she continues filming The Sinner...with just days to go until series premiere
          












          Back in her bondage suit! Nicki Minaj models red outfit with kinky boots to star in You Da Baddest music video with Future
          
          Showed off her curves
        











          Marla Maples shares  new pictures of herself and daughter Tiffany Trump living it up in Rome last week, as she reminisces about their lavish trip to Italy
          












          Joy Corrigan risks wardrobe malfunction while modeling barely there bikinis at Miami beach shoot
          
          Blonde model, 22, stripped off
        











          'I tried to be a good role model': Sarah Hyland reveals she helped Modern Family co-star Ariel Winter have body confidence
          
          Pair are good pals
        











          Lovely in leather! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned figure in curve-hugging mini dress as she grabs an iced tea with a friend in Los Angeles
          












          Her mini me daughters! Full House star Lori Loughlin, 53, looks sensational as she poses with her pretty teens at Hallmark event in Los Angeles
          












          She's a California girl! AnnaLynne McCord hits the beach in Malibu in a revealing leopard-print dress for book launch 
          
          The 30-year-old beauty  looked radiant 
        











          Elisabeth Moss turns up the heat as she strips for sizzling sex scene in Top Of The Lake: China Girl... as viewers gush over her 'brilliant' performance
          












          Style Swoon: From Jennifer Lopez's sparkly shoe collaboration to Anna Sui's affordable fall line, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that got our attention this week
          












          Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager share a sweet snap of their daughters enjoying a play date, while celebrating their own friendship
          












          You can't always get what you want, Mick! Rolling Stones frontman moans about Brexit in new tracks titled 'England Lost' and 'Gotta Get a Grip'
          












           Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of D.C. home, followed by very laid back Jared
          












          Retro in red! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably slender figure in a vintage Star Wars T-shirt and red bell-bottom pants as she leaves her NYC pad
          












          Alicia Vikander displays her endless legs in thigh-skimming mini-skirt and and scarlet sweater as she grabs coffee in Hollywood
          












          Cute legs! Amy Schumer flashes her gams on NYC set of I Am Pretty...after leaving 'large tip' at steak house where she waitressed in 2004
          












          'It's a bunch of crap': R Kelly breaks his silence over 'sex cult' allegations in new video as he announces he will continue to tour
          
          Took to social media
        











          The best of Friends! Courteney Cox gets an affectionate kiss from 13-year-old daughter Coco as they enjoy a day out at Disneyland
          
          Tight-knit duo
        











          Pamela Anderson, 50, looks elegant in a pastel pink silk prom dress as she makes a glamorous arrival at the first day of Comic Con in London
          
          Delighted Baywatch fans
        











          'I'm still fighting every day': The Good Wife actress Melissa George says she is 'surviving for my kids' as bitter custody dispute with ex Jean David Blanc rages
          












          'Maybe one day!' One Direction star Liam Payne, 23, DENIES he has wed girlfriend Cheryl, 34... despite repeatedly referring to the singer as his wife
          












          Penelope Cruz wears floral dress before getting into character as Donatella Versace to shoot scenes for American Crime Story in Los Angeles
          












          'It was a joke': Tiffany Haddish walks back comment about wanting to work with Bill Cosby when she said she would 'drink the juice...and take a nap'
          












          Miss American Eye-ful! Tara Reid, 41, goes braless and flashes her thong in VERY racy chainmail minidress at art event
          
          Put on a show!
        











          More in love than ever! Charlene and Albert put on a VERY affectionate display as they're joined by their adorable twins to launch an ecological expedition in Monaco
          












          Gigi Hadid stuns in an elegant  new Missoni campaign... as her One Direction boyfriend Zayn Malik admits he is 'working through' anxiety issues
          












          Model Jessica Hart exudes Hollywood glamour in a flowing silver ball gown for charity gala in France
          
          Split from Paris Hilton's ex Stavros Niarchos III
        











          'We are not the reason': The Hillsong Church slams rumors about Justin Bieber's decision to cancel his Purpose world tour
          
          Caused a storm
        











          The sweet smell of success! Jennifer Aniston launches her FIFTH fragrance called Luxe... as she negotiates TV deal with Reese Witherspoon
          












          Queen Elizabeth's former page boy is a hit with the ladies: Princess Margaret's grandson Arthur shows off his hunky physique on Instagram 
          












          'I think I'm getting a Kardashian pout!' Liam Payne struggles as he munches through a platter of VERY spicy hot chicken wings during interview
          












          Bradley Cooper's girlfriend Irina Shayk shows off a diamond ring on her engagement finger as she takes her four-month-old daughter Lea shopping in LA
          












          'I won't ever look at things in the same light': Miranda Lambert says Blake Shelton divorce means she can no longer 'take pain for granted'
          












          You're welcome! Shirtless Hugh Jackman brandishes his muscle-bound physique as he takes an outdoor shower at Bondi Beach in Sydney
          












          Karrueche Tran shows off her incredible abs in tiny bardot crop top and low-slung combats as she enjoys night out with pals at Los Angeles hostpot Catch
          












          'We met at a fashion show and five years later we're doing a film.': Cara Delevingne on her 'amazing' five-year friendship with Valerian co-star Rihanna
          












          Cooling off! Madison Beer sips an iced tea in New York City after insisting she is not dating Brooklyn Beckham... but does have a 'crush' on him
          












          Work hard, play hard! Smitten Paris Hilton dazzles in a form-fitting dress as she steals a smooch from beau Chris Zylka while DJing in Spain
          












          Yacht a beauty! Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her curves in plunging black bikini as she tops up her tan during lavish St Tropez break
          












          Making a splash! Heidi Klum, 44, and Vito Schnabel, 31, look in good spirits as they enjoy a spot of paddle boarding during romantic break in Italy
          












          Double denim is the new black! Actress Yael Stone, 32,  dons a quirky ensemble as she takes to the stage at Sydney's Video Junkee festival 
          
          She was main speaker
        











          Police on emergency call to find missing woman run her over by mistake before she is airlifted to hospital by Prince William on his last air ambulance shift 
          












          Stylish Jennifer Lopez looks besotted as she walks hand-in-hand with beau Alex Rodriguez ahead of romantic meal celebrating his 42nd birthday
          












          'I wanted her my whole life... it's a loss': Rapper Meek Mill admits split with Nicki Minaj left him heartbroken... as he gives first raw interview about their breakup
          












          Hot rodding! Singer Cody Simpson channels his inner rocker as he spends the day enjoying California life in his classic Ford Falcon in West Hollywood
          












          Serving up a display of unity! Bachelor star Nick Viall cuddles up to fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as they join stars at charity ping pong event
          












          The Modelizer is back! Leonardo DiCaprio is yet again surrounded by a bevy of beauties as he is joined by giggling best pal Tobey Maguire on St Tropez yacht 
          












          Spoiler Alert! Rachel Lindsay's friend appears to have let slip the identity of Bachelorette star's chosen suitor
          
          There are only three contestants left 
        











          A night with her main men! Ashlee Simpson looks lovely in a navy blue gown as she joins dad Joe and husband Evan Ross at art charity bash 
          












          Ashley Tisdale covers her modesty with a strip of denim as she goes braless under transparent top on date night with husband Christopher French
          












          Back in the saddle! Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall cuts an impressive figure at horse trials after returning from a raucous trip to Ibiza
          












          Prince Harry cheers Red Cross volunteers in London dealing with the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire tragedy as it's revealed other tower blocks failed checks
          












          Showing off what she's got! Britney Spears puts her chest on display as she shares a workout clip on Instagram
          
          Shared a few of her secrets
        











          'He was compassionate': Injured photographer brands Justin Bieber 'a good kid' after being hit by his truck
          
          Immediately got out 
        











          Reese Witherspoon stays cool in two summery outfits in baking hot LA... after revealing plans to star in new TV show with  Jennifer Aniston 
          












          'Oh please, Mooch. I don't think anybody could block you from being a c***': Stephen Colbert mocks Scaramucci's foul-mouthed rant 
          












          At last! Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep pictured filming their FIRST EVER scene together on New York set of The Papers
          
          25 Oscar nominations between them
        











          'Adventure here we come!': Honeymooners Julianne Hough and Brooks Laich swap the Seychelles for a safari in Kenya after splashy wedding
          












          'She was the best friend a girl could ask for': Jessica Alba bids farewell to beloved family pet pug Sid
          
          Family 'devastated' by loss of pet pooch
        











          Mother's pride! Jennifer Garner showcases toned arms in vest as she enjoys stroll with daughter Violet
          
          Looked in fine form 
        











          'It needs to stop!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts eye-popping cleavage as she makes fun of LA's 'stupid valley girl' accent 
          












          Mom-to-be chic! Mindy Kaling debuts baby bump in stylish black dress as she hits red carpet at TCA event in Beverly Hills
          
          Announced it last week
        











          Red alert! Olivia Culpo steps out in New York in quirky scarlet ensemble and thigh-high boots for sultry shoot
          
          Strutted her stuff in the Big Apple
        











          Seeing double! Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen rock matching mini dresses at LA premiere of their new stalker comedy
          
          Co-stars together 
        











          Beauty and the best: Elizabeth Olsen's side braid and Nathalie Emmanuel's BLUE lipstick top our list of favorite hair and make-up moments 
          












          Game on! Prince Harry shows off his fancy footwork as he joins adorable youngsters playing handball as part of a fitness scheme in east London
          












          Showstopper! Andie MacDowell, 59, stuns at Hallmark event in cleavage-baring sleeveless white frock
          
          The model and actress went braless
        











          Joanna Krupa wears facemask and flashes torso during getaway to Greece...as Brandi Glanville 'seeks to throw out model's lawsuit'
          
          Looking sensational 
        











          Keeping up the hemline! Kendall Jenner flaunts her long lean legs in very mini skirt and strappy heels
          
          Model made sure all eyes were on her
        











          'My family's hero passed away': Marc Anthony grieves mother's death with heartbreaking Twitter message
          
          Tribute.
        











          Crimson Collins! Lily stuns in bold strapless number at Last Tycoon premiere in Los Angeles
          
          She is quickly becoming an international fashion maven 
        











          The thirsty thief strikes again! Drake super fan 'is pepper-sprayed and arrested' after attempting to break into his Hollywood mansion for a second time
          












          Justin Bieber turning to 'father figure' Carl Lentz for help after cancelling Purpose world tour... after claiming pastor 'brings out the best in him'
          












          Cara Delevingne dons bright wigs before rocking out in bodysuit of butterflies as she debuts first single in quirky sci-fi inspired music video
          












          Pregnant Jamie Lynn Sigler shows a hint of a baby bump after announcing she's expecting her second child
          
          Ex-Sopranos star 
        











          Lovely in lace! Priyanka Chopra showcases her figure in plunging white broderie anglaise dress in NYC
          
          She'd starred in over fifty Bollywood blockbusters 
        











          Generating a lot of buzz! Ryan Murphy and FX reveal new American Horror Story poster featuring brain beehive
          
          last week revealed the title would be Cult
        











          'It's just not really realistic': Madison Beer flashes toned tummy as she denies being in a relationship with Brooklyn Beckham
          
          Looked sleek and sexy
        











          Legendary Hollywood actor Martin Landau died from 'massive internal bleeding' his death certificate reveals
          
          His body went into shock while hospitalized in LA
        











          'You can be profitable for not being who you truly are': Keke Palmer slams Kylie Jenner for caving to societal pressure to 'make herself beautiful'
          












          'We'll be friends for a long time': Bella Thorne gushes about Scott Disick... after denying she and Kourtney Kardashian's ex are in a sexual relationship
          












          'Most actors are crazy': Sharknado star Tara Reid reveals why she would NEVER date newly-single Brad Pitt or anyone else in Hollywood
          












          She's got range! Jennifer Lopez films TV show in New York City and releases new shoe line with Giuseppe Zanotti
          
          Showed off her range
        











          'I feel great': Tracy Morgan says he's ready for second chance after near-fatal 2014 crash
          
          The 48-year-old actor said he's become a better person 
        











          She's moving on! Shania Twain slams ex husband and pays tribute to iconic hit in new video for Life's About To Get Good
          
          That does impress her
        











          Why Emma Thompson's lookalike mom is the REAL star in the family: Talented actress Phyllida Law reveals her early antics as a chorus girl 
          












          Catwalk queen! Alessandra Ambrosio puts on leggy display in short T-shirt dress for Beverly Hills shopping trip
          
          Spotted on Rodeo Drive 
        











          Matt Damon has a bruised face as he plays a suburban man out to avenge the murder of his wife in the George Clooney-directed film Suburbicon
          












          Ryan Phillippe leg injury prompts current season of USA Network drama Shooter to be trimmed by two shows
          
          The 42-year-old broke leg in 'freak' accident
        











          Working it! Amy Schumer shows off perfectly toned legs in bold pink mini skirt as she steps out of cab while filming new comedy I Feel Pretty
          












          Every inch the supermodel! Jourdan Dunn turns the sidewalk into a catwalk as she flaunts her form in NYC
          
          Flaunted her long lean figure 
        











          'We're hoping for a miracle': Jill Zarin in 'shock' after hospitalized husband Bobby's latest cancer procedure
          
          Father-of-four is fighting 
        











          Sandlot star Mike Vitar faces civil lawsuit over 2015 Halloween beating as video of assault is released
          
          A man was beaten and choked 
        











          Rita Ora flashes cleavage and midriff in cropped blouse as singer enjoys dinner out in Beverly Hills
          
          Took some time out from a string of appearances
        











          Hot mom! Chrissy Teigen looks glam in polka-dot dress and statement earrings as she steps out with baby Luna in NYC
          
          Sports Illustrated model
        











          Pretty good news! Larry David discovers he is a distant relative of socialist firebrand Bernie Sanders
          
          The comedian impersonated him 
        











          Island vibes! Lea Michele shows off her toned tum in summery crop top and skirt combo at the Last Tycoon after party
          
          Back in town
        











          Giggling sisters! Braless Bella Hadid shows off her body in tight white top and Daisy Dukes as she gets playful with sister Gigi in New York City
          












          'You kind of violated his right of way': Body cam footage shows cop telling Venus Williams she is at fault for fatal crash near her Florida home 
          












          COUNT-down to fun! Giggling Kate Moss gets the superstar treatment driving through Capri on a yellow buggy as she heads to meet her man Von Bismarck 
          












          Close bond! Lily Collins shops for furniture with her mom in Los Angeles... as she takes a break from promoting her new film
          
          Critically acclaimed role
        











          Matt Smith is almost unrecognizable as he dons a bouffant 80s wig and silk dressing gown to play legendary New York photographer Robert Mapplethorpe
          












          Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon are teaming up for new series about morning TV shows
          
          The pair are teaming up on an untitled series 
        











          'Mark Harmon is a mensch!': Maria Bello joins NCIS cast and raves about her new co-star on social media
          
          A regular on television and the movies 
        











          Red hot and ravishing! Jennifer Lopez pumps up the sexy quotient in a sizzling scarlet dress as she celebrates Alex Rodriguez's 42nd birthday
          












          'I was doing coke every day': Lamar Odom reflects on  drug overdose and reveals Khloe Kardashian once busted him getting high with another woman
          












          Letting it sink in: Yolanda Hadid looks downcast in NYC after it's revealed ex-husband David Foster has been romancing Elizabeth Hurley
          












          Busty Heidi Klum, 44, gets up close with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, as she shows off her flawless figure in VERY skimpy red bikini on plush yacht in St Tropez
          












          James Blunt swaps his ballads for bollards: Singer wears orange cone hat and jokes he couldn't park in 'rock star' space during his US tour
          












          'Don't want to tell you what's gone on in that shower!' Kim Kardashian reminisces as she visits old house she shared with Kris Humphries
          












          She'll never be a-Leo-ne! Nina Agdal  uses pizza Emoji to protect her modesty in NAKED snap... as she shows ex DiCaprio what he's missing
          












          Having a heart to heart! Rebel Wilson stands out in yellow sweater as she chats with co-star Liam Hemsworth while filming Isn't It Romantic
          
          Back to work for star 
        











          Delirious Simone Biles - drugged up after dental surgery -  speaks gibberish and imagines she's driving a car as she shares hysterical video 
          












          Heir-borne! Prince William is spotted in a park as emergency crews treat a patient after telling of horrors 'that can't be unseen' during his two years













          EXCLUSIVE: Julia Roberts plunks down $4M on rundown home to add to growing list of properties she's scooping up in Point Dume area of Malibu
          












          Her little gem! North West tells mom Kim Kardashian she has changed her Pomeranian pup's name from Sushi to Diamond
          
          Had pooch since June
        











          'I'm madly in love with Mary': Cheers star Ted Danson talks marriage of 22 years to Steenburgen ahead of his 70th birthday
          
          Heartwarming interview
        











          'It makes me excited and turns me on!' Britney Spears shows off her beautiful body in pink bustier as she launches her 21st fragrance, Private Show
          












          'I love fast food, it's really bad!': Minka Kelly reveals she has an addiction to burger and fries... but stops indulging once she feels 'sluggish'
          









 
 
DON'T MISS










          Lingerie-clad Demi Moore, 54, proves she hasn't changed since Striptease 21 YEARS ago as she flaunts her stunning figure in racy scenes from new film
          












          What is Bell's palsy? Angelina Jolie reveals she suffered facial paralysis (and early menopause and hypertension) during her break-up from Brad Pitt 
          












          Giving them the cold shoulder! Hailey Baldwin rocks sleeveless blouse and clingy pants as she promotes new show Drop The Mic at event in Beverly Hills
          












          Bright idea! Kendall Jenner stands out in New York City with yellow jacket as the model takes her mini Louis Vuitton purse to the gym
          












          Victoria's Secret model Doutzen Kroes displays her figure in pink tasseled bikini on yacht in St Tropez after partying with Leonardo DiCaprio 
          












          Rod Stewart gives $23,000 to disabled kids who drove to DC from Louisiana to protest GOP healthcare bill after he was 'heartbroken' by a TV segment on them 
          












          Harrison Ford steps out for dinner in LA with third wife Calista Flockhart and 16-year-old adopted son Liam... after making ComicCon appearance
          












          'Bring your babe to work!' Jenna Bush Hager shares sweet photo of her four-year-old daughter Mila on NBC's Today show set 
          












          'You'll float too!' Pennywise the Clown haunts kids in second trailer for spine-chiller It... as director reveals second film plans
          
          From Stephen King book
        











          She's a real beach girl! Bikini-clad former The Hills star Audrina Patridge puts her gym-honed physique on display as she splashes around in Miami
          












          'As a man he fell in love with women, will she continue?': Twitter goes into meltdown as they claim the first female Doctor Who will be bisexual
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Princess Di's lover Dodi Fayed was a cocaine fiend who trawled Studio 54 with celeb pals Liza Minnelli and Robin Williams, new book reveals
          












          Kesha clings to a teddy bear and shares childhood home movies in new video for single Learn To Let Go
          
          Latest track  from her upcoming album
        











          Tie it up! As Bella Hadid and Chanel Iman prove crop tops are SO last year, FEMAIL rounds up the prettiest front tie blouses on the market
          
          Re-create their look
        











          Katy Perry is named host of MTV Video Music Awards in August as she says 'brace for impact, kids'
          
          Dressed as astronaut for the occasion
        











          'Decorating, house stuff, that was Brad's thing': Angelina Jolie is learning to cook, be a homebody for her six kids in $25m mansion post Pitt split
          












          Victoria and David Beckham put on a united front following sweat-inducing gym session in LA... amid claims couple are leading 'separate lives'
          












          Big Apple love! Chrissy Teigen shows off her model legs in black mini dress as she enjoys a date night with husband John Legend in New York City
          












          Looking hot is the best revenge! Blac Chyna flaunts curves in white swimsuit after ugly Rob Kardashian blowup... as she reveals she's 'good' with ex Tyga
          












          New lips? Ashlee Simpson checks her pout after working up sweat at LA gym... as second husband Evan Ross films comedy HeadShop
          












          Angelina Jolie attacked for 'cruel' game to pick Cambodian child actors for new film in which they were given money which was then SNATCHED away 
          












          'He's an incredible guy!' Tinsley Mortimer reveals she's still dating coupon company founder Scott Kluth on Watch What Happens Live
          












          First Lady Melania Trump to lead US delegation to Invictus Games in Toronto organized by Prince Harry in first official solo trip
          












          Shirtless Billy Zane, 51, shows off his bod as hits the beach in St Tropez with a bikini-clad hottie following breakup from fiancée Candice McNeil
          












          Are these the world's HOTTEST silver foxes? The VERY fit older men (and their flustered female fans) who prove that age really is just a number 
          












          The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are urged NOT to have a third child in an open letter calling on them to 'lead by example' for 'environmental reasons' 
          












          Bust-ing a move! Braless Tove Lo flashes her bare breasts as she puts on a very brazen display during gig in Sydney
          
          Singer surprises fans
        











          Amy Schumer becomes the only woman to make Forbes' 2017 list of the world's highest-paid comedians with an estimated $37.5m annual income 
          












          Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, has her Bond girl moment as she emerges from ocean in a skimpy bikini in Cannes.
          
          Glamorous socialite
        











          'He makes my heart skip a beat!': Jennifer Lopez posts  tribute to beau Alex Rodriguez on his 42nd birthday as she shares handsome portrait
          












          She looks so different! Mandy Moore, 33, wears wig, dowdy clothes to play an older version of her This Is Us character Rebecca Pearson
          
          Aalmost unrecognizable
        











          Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her enviable toned legs in slinky red mini dress as she soaks up the sun during Saint-Tropez getaway
          












          It's just Basic Instinct! Sharon Stone, 59, shows off some VERY raunchy dance moves in behind-the-scenes glimpse at her racy GQ Italia shoot
          












          Radiant Gigi Hadid gives a flash of her toned midriff in NYC... as she steps out for first time since boyfriend Zayn Malik discussed struggles with anxiety
          












          Happy to be home? Tiffany Trump flashes a wide grin while shopping in New York after getting back from month-long European vacation with mom Marla Maples
          












          Sara Sampaio passionately locks lips with boyfriend Oliver Ripley as she jets from Mexico to Mykonos to continue 26th birthday celebrations 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: OJ Simpson's lawyer sends cease and desist letter to family of slain Ron Goldman, claiming they THREATENED him with 'unsolicited phone call' 
          












          Blac Chyna flaunts major cleavage in plunging dress... as she cozies up to Lamar Odom and reunites with baby daddy Tyga in Los Angeles
          












          Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto shows off her incredible abs in white cut-out ensemble as they enjoy a romantic beach day in St Tropez
          












          Ansel Elgort is slick in trendy pink checked suit as he cozies up to childhood sweetheart Violetta Komyshan at Baby Driver premiere in Mexico
          












          'It's game on mthrfkers!' Kid Rock is taking 'hard look' at potential Senate run after being 'overwhelmed' by support 
          












          Back on! Meg Ryan and John Mellencamp have 'been dating again for MONTHS' after a three-year-break... as they are seen together in New York City
          












          Goop defector: One of Gwyneth's doctors insists she is not wedded to the site - and believes much of its content 'is not evidence-based' 
          












          Shine bright like a...! Rihanna is dripping in diamonds as she debuts exquisite Chopard collaboration
          
          Singer, 29, branching out into jewelry business  
        











          Gordon Ramsay and son Jack capture a giant Burmese python in the Florida Everglades... then cook it and eat it on his TV show The F Word 
          
          Hunting and cooking 
        











          Show some skin! As Olivia Munn and Lily Collins flaunt their legs in short skirts, FEMAIL reveals four ways to rock minis everywhere you go this summer
          












          Strutting her stuff! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale, 22, flaunts her slender figure in denim as she steps out in New York City
          
          Effortlessly chic
        











          Tatt's nice!  Singer Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in a T-shirt as he strolls in Los Angeles and showcases his new anchor hand tattoo
          












          'I wiped tears from the same people that caused mine!' Jeremy Meeks' estranged wife Melissa slams felon-turned-model as he romances Chloe Green
          












          Ronaldo reveals he is planning to have SEVEN children... after confirming pregnant girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez is expecting his fourth child
          












          'I know you are in a tough fight': Kind-hearted Rob Lowe makes a brave lifelong fan's dream come true with a heartfelt message as she battles cancer
          












          Justin Bieber hits photographer with his huge pickup truck and leaves him with minor injuries outside church service days after canceling tour
          












          Putting it all out there! Bella Thorne offers an eyeful in sheer lace bra and hotpants en route to app launch...as she 'moves on from Scott Disick for good'
          












          Baby got Beck! David Beckham signs his autograph on a girl's backside during California road trip... amid claims of a marital rift with wife Victoria
          












          Boris Becker's wife Lilly turns heads in plunging black swimsuit as she enjoys beach day in Ibiza without husband following rumors of 'marriage rift'
          












          How Prince Charles failed Diana, by her closest Palace aide: Former private secretary berates Royal Family for failing to treat her with respect
          












          Fun in the city! Bella Hadid goes braless in white crop top before changing her outfit THREE times on the streets of New York
          
          Was free as a bird 
        











          'No one cares about you': Tinsley Mortimer clashes with Sonja Morgan over gossip column article on RHONY
          
          Things got very ugly
        











          Peek-a-booty! Ariel Winter flashes the flesh in black Daisy Dukes and tied-up tee while out to lunch in Studio City with boyfriend Levi Meaden
          












          Leo-thario DiCaprio laps up the single life as he makes a play for MULTIPLE beautiful women inside his foundation gala in St Tropez
          












          Megyn Kelly's morning show 'Megyn Kelly Today' will premiere at 9am starting in September... but not before she wraps up her Sunday night program
          












          It's official! Scientific research confirms that George Clooney has the world's most handsome face (and Bradley Cooper and Brad Pitt aren't far behind)
          












          Who needs men? Sizzling Joanna Krupa relaxes on a pool floaty with a bikini-clad gal pal on Greek getaway following breakup from husband 
          












          'I get in shape, then I'm back to eating hamburgers': Cate Blanchett talks of extremely tight and 'horrendous' suit worn in Thor: Ragnarok
          












          Bachelor alum Britt Nilsson reveals struggles with alcoholism and bulimia ...including muffling her mic with towels to vomit while on show
          












          X-Men star Nicholas Hoult set 'to play legendary writer J.R.R. Tolkien in new biopic about Hobbit author's life'
          
          Jennifer Lawrence's ex
        











          'We grew up together': Reese Witherspoon reflects on raising lookalike daughter Ava as she marks her upcoming 18th birthday
          
          Two peas in a pod 
        











          'Overcompensating for his tiny hands': James Corden sings reworked version of Nat King Cole's 1960s hit L-O-V-E to slam Trump's ban on transgender soldiers
          












          HBO reveals final season of Game Of Thrones may be the longest of all with two hour long episodes
          
          Fans face a longer farewell
        











          RHOBH's Dorit Kemsley leaves little to the imagination in  very revealing low-cut black body suit and sheer skirt in Los Angeles
          
          She flashed the flesh
        











          'You put aside certain things to love each other': Matt Bomer hints the relationship with his parents is still strained after coming out... and talks tough roles
          












          Kourtney Kardashian flashes her black lace bra in sexy crop top as she keeps mum about becoming an aunt again to 'Kim's third child via surrogate'
          












          Reigning in the style stakes! Queen Letizia and husband King Felipe make a VERY handsome pair as they carry out a joint engagement in Madrid
          












          Sssssexy! Celine Dion oozes daytime glamour in snakeskin coat and racy thigh-high boots as she continues to experiment with her style in Paris
          












          She rocks! Hailey Baldwin looks sensational in strapless wet-look red mini dress at app launch event
          
          Joined celebrities including Bella Thorne
        











          Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her legs in TINY hotpants as she hits the town after narrowly avoiding Justin Bieber's car collision with a photographer
          












          'They want to keep the memorial private': Chester Bennington's family keen to keep Linkin Park frontman's funeral 'relatives and close friends only'
          












          He's not just environmentally-friendly! Leonardo DiCaprio calls on megastar pals Kate Winslet and Madonna for celeb-studded annual fundraising gala
          












          A real life Sherlock Holmes! 'Mind reader' stuns the America's Got Talent judges by correctly guessing Mel B's last meals AND her innermost secret
          












          'You're an icon... I adore you!' Kate Beckinsale's daughter Lily pays moving tribute to her mother as actress celebrates her 44th birthday
          












          Stirring the pot! Martha Stewart insists she doesn't smoke weed with cooking show co-star Snoop Dogg and says she would NEVER date the rapper
          












          'No place like home': Jennifer Lopez gushes about NYC as she's seen grabbing lunch with Alex Rodriguez after a bicycle ride
          
          Leisurely day out 
        











          Kim Kardashian flaunts her taut abs in a tiny crop top as she's seen for first time with sister Khloe amid claims 'her surrogate is three-months pregnant'
          












          Looking bootyful! Iggy Azalea flaunts famous curves in faux-leather pants after denying she's surgically-enhanced her derrière
          
          Flaunted her assets 
        











          Sweet angel! Candice Swanepoel sports flirty white jumpsuit to celebrate new partnership as the face of Juicy fragrance
          
          Victoria's Secret Angel 
        











          Prosecutor in OJ Simpson murder trial Marcia Clark says that he has 'served his debts' - at least for armed robbery
          
          Juice is free in October
        











          Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with her father Luis in Los Angeles...after he revealed she is a 'blessing' amid his 20-year battle with MS
          












          Rooting him on! Jennifer Aniston and husband Justin Theroux show their support for Jason Bateman at his Walk Of Fame ceremony
          
          His biggest fans 
        











          Charlie Puth and Lionel Richie 'are being considered' to join Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest for American Idol reboot
          
          New additions 
        











          Clint Eastwood wears floppy camo hat on Atlanta set of his have-a-go heroes movie The 15:17 To Paris
          
          The movie is based on book of the same title 
        











          'You just belittled me': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle stands up to TV boss Donna Paulsen on Suits
          
          Meghan's character got feisty with her superior
        











          Snoop Dogg escapes Wiz Khalifa lawsuit after fans sue the artists over collapsed railings which sent concert-goers tumbling in New Jersey
          
          Around 40 fans injured
        











          Get (Sexy) Back! Justin Timberlake looks aghast after being approached by fans while strolling in sunny NYC
          
          Not the done thing in the Big Apple
        











          Pretty in pink! Claire Danes stuns in summery cleavage-baring dress at New York premiere of Brigsby Bear
          
          Was a showstopper
        











          Barrel of laughs! Elizabeth Olsen and Jeremy Renner share a private joke at the Los Angeles premiere of their new movie Wind River
          












          Jim Gaffigan's wife reveals she's finally able to eat food again three months after having a tumor the size of an apple removed from her brain stem
          












          'I'm trying to work through certain issues': Zayn Malik addresses ongoing anxiety battle... as he reveals he slept on a mattress for SIX months in his LA pad 
          












          'It's like blackface': Alec Baldwin slammed by disabled groups for accepting lead role in movie about a blind man
          
          Criticized for starring in the film called, Blind 
        











          Ready to pop! Make-up free Whitney Port shows off  bump after blogging about her swollen feet, constant hunger and annoying anxiety
          
          Out on her errands 
        











          Rocky and Bullwinkle voice actress June Foray passes away at 99... after eight decades of bringing beloved cartoons to life
          
          Made memories
        











          'I've never felt so happy': Lucky Blue Smith, 19, announces birth of daughter Gravity with girlfriend Stormi Bree, 26, on Instagram
          
          Very proud father 
        











          Over, and out! Prince William prepares for his final shift after two years as an air ambulance helicopter pilot - but what next for the future king? 
          












          Let's talk! Rebel Wilson gives Liam Hemsworth hand signal to call her on NYC set of new romantic comedy
          
          The funnygirl has him on speed dial
        











          'We gave her $40,000 out of goodness of our hearts': Lisa Vanderpump 'disappointed' at dog rescuer's 'false claims' she was stiffed 
          












          Tom Hardy set to play war correspondent Anthony Loyd in adaptation of journalist's memoirs about the Bosnian conflict and his heroin addiction
          












          Madison Beer jets to New York amid claims new beau Brooklyn Beckham is looking for a Manhattan apartment to 'pursue their relationship'
          










 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was...





How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of...





Kim Jong-Un issues 'stern warning' to America after successful test of ICBM that experts claim can hit...





'Prison changed me forever': Amanda Knox opens up to a panel of LAWYERS to say she feels deeply cynical...





Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and...





Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three years of marriage, growing tired of...





‘You can’t have everything’: Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare ‘implode’ before trying to pass...





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling...





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus...





John McCain returns to Arizona for cancer treatment after dramatically killing Trump's Obamacare repeal and...





'The White House is turning into Game of Thrones': Trump's spectacular firing of Reince Priebus sends...





Stephen Colbert is set to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime





Majority of Americans SUPPORT transgender military service as protests break out across nation against...





Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for...





Man promises to turn up to work dressed as Sarah Palin if McCain votes against Obamacare repeal - and then...





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son...





Crabby Sean Hannity denies claim he ran up $42,000 tab at Trump's DC hotel after flying in 70-year-old...





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during...





California girl, 18, who live-streamed 'drunken' crash that killed her younger sister, 14, on Instagram...





Katie Couric leaves behind $10m annual salary as Yahoo's global news anchor as she ends her exclusive online...





'If you don't email him, I will.': Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff fondly reveals how ex-President played...





Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'





Elderly mother, 83, being held on $1million bail for murder-for-hire plot with her son, 63, in scheme to...





Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being...





EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Months after he was arrested a revolving cast of...





California Muslim leader apologizes for anti-semitic sermon calling for the 'liberation' of holy Islamic...





The Problem with Apu: New documentary reveals how much Indian-Americans like Kal Penn HATE The Simpsons...





Family of two brothers, 11 and 12, who suffered 'painful and agonizing deaths' after stepping in a puddle...





Chris Christie says his family was 'hurt' by public blowback over pictures of New Jersey governor lounging...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            'We had a great life, look after our kids': The chiropractor who jumped to his death with his wife off Manhattan office block because of their spiraling financial woes
            



 
            'Our beautiful boy has gone': Little Charlie Gard's parents announce that their brave warrior whose plight touched the world has finally died after battling devastating genetic illness he fought for so long 
            



 
            Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three years of marriage, growing tired of billionaire's 'naked political ambition'
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Serial cheater Kris Jenner was caught in friend's home gym having sex with her personal trainer while married to Robert Kardashian - who she bedded for first time when engaged to another man
            



 
            Machete-wielding man 'screaming Allahu Akbar' kills one person and injures several others during rampage in Hamburg supermarket
            



 
            North Korea fires ballistic missile 621 miles into the Sea of Japan in latest act of 'provocation' against the West
            



 
            'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington breaks her silence a week after his shocking suicide aged 41
            



 
            Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being killed by cops
            



 
            Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was unhappy that he didn't 'return fire' at Scaramucci after THAT explosive interview 
            



 
            'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with him': New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft 'Jack the Lad' police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 
            



 
            How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of inbreeding
            



 
            ‘Take time and enjoy the world’: Final Instagram post of tragic Diversity dancer and West End performer Robert Anker who was killed in a car crash in Canada 
            



 
            Woman, 18, aborts her baby at 35 WEEKS... and then is horrified to discover the midwife has saved the boy and sold him to her cousin
            



 
            Inside one of America's most feared street gangs: Guns, drugs and violence are part of everyday life for the Bloodline gangsters
            



 
            Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for awkward trip on Air Force One
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Months after he was arrested a revolving cast of family, football stars, coaches and a 'super close' friend spent time with the disgraced NFL star
            



 
            Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'
            



 
            Police bodycam captures the heart-stopping moment officer shoots dead charging dog
            



 
            Two women are in hospital with broken bones after a THREESOME went wrong with one falling off a balcony as she reached climax and the other slipping as she ran to help in Germany 
            



 
            ‘Like u ain’t never done it’! Drunk hen party who 'acted like creatures' and were then escorted off a Ryanair flight to Spain defend their alcohol-fueled antics as 'having fun'
            



 
            Oroville Dam's 'green spot' raises new worries that the nation's tallest dam could be facing a breach danger from a slow motion leak five months after it overflowed
            



 
            Girl, 3, dies after doctors find SEVEN needles inside her body after horrific 'black magic' abuse by her mother's boss who used her as a 'voodoo doll' in India
            



 
            Man, 72, 'shot his 28-year-old wife in the face' because 'she told him he didn't satisfy her financially or sexually'
            



 
            Millionaire businessman killed himself after he had a stroke and became paranoid that his wife was having an affair - even though she denied being unfaithful 
            



 
            Shocking surveillance video captures the moment two border patrol officers 'encouraging a Mexican teen to drink from two bottles of liquid meth' hours before he died 
            



 
            Arizona State student who received unwanted picture of a man's penis sends them to his MOTHER
            



 
            Mother of four charged with murder after her baby boy was found rotting in a dumpster after dying of a meth overdose
            



 
            Campaign grows to punish cruel Florida fishermen who dragged a shark behind their boat at high speed after it's revealed one of their mothers is a manatee conservationist
            



 
            Newborn twins and a girl, one, are orphaned when their mother dies from c-section complications just three weeks after father was murdered
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL





























































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 























White Powder Gold Home Page









This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.















Products | Rare Records






















































































        











 0  



 was successfully added to your cart.			













Start typing and press enter to begin your search 








Home
Store
Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Store 

Exclusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale


Formats 

Audio Tapes
Autographed Items
Books
CDs
Clothing
DVDs
Magazines
Miscellaneous
Posters
Store Displays
Tour Programs
Video Tapes
Vinyl


My Account
Wishlists
Contact




 




 


Store
Home  Store





Filter Products







Active Filters:

Select filters from the sidebar to narrow your results.Select filters above to narrow your results.




 





Category




Country




Release Date




Artist



Label



Price



Item Specifics















AUD $34.99



BLONDIE
2003 World Tour Black T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $34.99



SPLIT ENZ
Corroboree 1981 European Tour Replica Black T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $99.99



METALLICA
Trails We Have Crept 1991-92 World Tour Road Crew Black T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $44.99–AUD $49.99
RARE! 


SMASHING PUMPKINS, THE
Adore Black T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $44.99



MACHINE HEAD
Black Band Photo Design T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $34.99



LAMB OF GOD
As The Palaces Burn Fallen Angel Design Black T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $44.99



GRINSPOON
Licker Bottle Cozy Black T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $44.99



LIVING END, THE
Modern Artillery Era Red T-Shirt
Clothing, 
	Shirts, 
	Mens / Unisex
View Item










AUD $109.99
LIMITED SPECIAL EDITION BOX SET! - Includes Double CD Album & DVD In Fold Out Digipak, Plus 28-Page Booklet, Band Artwork Pieces, And Special 'Space Age Discoveries' - Click Title To Check It All Out 


RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS
Stadium Arcadium
CD, 
	Album - Sealed
View Item










AUD $49.99
Box & Inserts Only - Includes Stamp Sheet 


PRESLEY, ELVIS
From Nashville To Memphis: The Essential ’60s Masters
Miscellaneous, 
	Other
View Item










AUD $19.99



BLOWFLY
Tongue Design Black G-String
Clothing, 
	Other
View Item










AUD $59.99
VERY RARE! 


AC/DC
Black Ice 2010 Australia Tour Program
Tour Programs
View Item










AUD $19.99



CORRS, THE
Tour In Blue 2000-2001 World Tour Program
Tour Programs
View Item





Sale!





AUD $24.99 AUD $19.99



PEACHES
Fatherfucker Red Underwear
Clothing, 
	Other
View Item










AUD $14.99



HOOBASTANK
Infinity Logo Black Girls Hipster Hot Shorts Underwear
Clothing, 
	Other
View Item










AUD $39.99
Double CD Box Set - Contains Booklet 


JOHNSON, ROBERT
The Complete Recordings
CD, 
	Album
View Item










AUD $174.99
RARE! Billboard - MASSIVE!! 


LINKIN PARK
‘Festival Hall, Fri 4 May’ Gig Poster 2001.
Posters, 
	Billboard Sizes - Promo
View Item










AUD $4.99
RARE Original Promo Only Sticker From 2002 


SILVERCHAIR
‘Diorama’ Sticker
Miscellaneous, 
	Stickers - Promo
View Item










AUD $7.99
VERY RARE Original Promotional Sticker From 1997 


SILVERCHAIR
‘Freak Show’ Banner Logo Sticker
Miscellaneous, 
	Stickers - Promo
View Item










AUD $19.99



PERFECT CIRCLE, A
Logo Design Yellow Poncho
Clothing, 
	Other
View Item











 Need help finding that elusive rare record? Let us help! 
Get In Touch 







Newsletter Sign-upPlease enter your email below to keep up to date with all our latest releases, news and sales.
NavigationHome
Store
Exlcusives
Upcoming
Staff Picks
On Sale
Gift Voucher
Contact
 


My AccountMy Account
Order Tracking
Further InformationAbout Us
Grading Guide
Ordering Info
Payment Methods
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions




About Rare Records We are a Melbourne based, independent, online record store, specializing in the coolest rare and collectible vinyl records, CDs, posters and other music memorabilia.
 Phone:
 +61 3 9394 8339
 Email:
admin@rarerecords.com.au
 Operating Hours:
Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm
 Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 161
Laverton VIC 3028
Australia





Instagram Feed Follow on Instagram












© 2017 Rare Records. All Rights Reserved. ABN: 81 942 446 081 



     




 





Create a new list













































Hudson Products - Hudson Products - Axial Flow Fans, Air-Cooled Heat Exchangers, and Compression Coolers





















































Building our reputation into every machine.




Hudson began building our reputation more than 75 years ago when we pioneered technology to solve urgent production problems in the field. Now after decades of innovation and continuous improvement and with hundreds of patented designs and hundreds of thousands of products hard at work in plants around the globe, we are the leading manufacturer of air-cooled heat exchangers and axial flow fans.
We’ve never lost the passion for finding ingenious, cost-effective solutions for our customers. We’re ready to put our reputation to work as we build a partnership with you.








Tuf-Lite Fans®: Innovation Runs in Our Family

                    Count on three generations of top technologies, and more innovation on the way.
                





Fin-Fan® Air Cooled Heat Exchangers: First in the Field , 75 Years Running

                    Hudson pioneered air cooling in process plants in the 1930’s and is still the industry innovation leader today.
                





Compression Coolers: Your New Source for Excellence

                    Hudson now custom-builds and delivers the coolers you need, ASAP.
                






Services





Hudson's Full-Service Services

                    When it's time for a repair or upgrade, call the leader to get the job done right.
                






Hudson is here to help.


Whether you want product information,  help from our engineers, or are ready to place an order, your Hudson team is here and ready to make it happen. 
Contact us 













Branded Entertainment: A New Advertising Technique or Product Placement in Disguise?: Journal of Marketing Management: Vol 22, No 5-6

































































                    Log in
                
 | 

            Register
        









Cart



































Search in:


                    This Journal
                

            
                    Anywhere
                
        









Advanced search

















Journal


                                        Journal of Marketing Management
                                    


    
        
                Volume 22, 2006 - 
                                    Issue 5-6






Submit an article
Journal homepage






































                    4092
            

                Views
            



                    55
            

                CrossRef citations
            





                Altmetric
            





















                    Original Articles
                

Branded Entertainment: A New Advertising Technique or Product Placement in Disguise? Simon   Hudson  &  David   Hudson 







Pages 489-504
            




Published online: 01 Feb 2010
















Download citation


http://dx.doi.org/10.1362/026725706777978703





























 







Translator disclaimer


















                        
                                Citations
                            
                    



Metrics



            Reprints & Permissions


Get access
            /doi/pdf/10.1362/026725706777978703?needAccess=true







Abstract In the last few decades product placement has matured and become more sophisticated. Branded products are no longer just 'placed'; they are woven into entertainment content making a stronger emotional connection with the consumer. The outcome is a concept the advertising industry is calling branded entertainment, a convergence of advertising and entertainment. This article considers whether or not branded entertainment is a new technique, or just another form of product placement. By tracking the evolution of product placement and from an analysis of the two concepts, it is suggested that branded entertainment is a new term to describe a more contemporary, sophisticated use of product placement. A conceptual framework for understanding the various forms of product placement is presented, and this highlights the key influences on the effectiveness of this fast-growing marketing phenomenon. The important management issues related to product placement are considered; issues related to measurement, control, and ethics. The article then concludes with recommendations for further research. Keywords: PRODUCT PLACEMENT, BRANDED ENTERTAINMENT, ADVERTISING











                    Article Metrics
                


                                Views
                            

4092




                                Citations
                            


                                                  CrossRef
                                                
55



                                             Web of Science
                                          
0



                                           Scopus
                                        
0




                            Altmetric
                        



















Log in via your institution
Shibboleth
OpenAthens








                    
                    
                            
                            
                        
                    OpenAthens
                



                    Shibboleth
                




Log in to Taylor & Francis Online






Username



Password



Forgot password?



Remember Me

Log in













Or purchase it *





                            
                            
                            
                            Add to cart
                        

Article Purchase
24 hours access for USD 42.00




                            
                            
                            
                            Add to cart
                        

Issue Purchase
30 days access for USD 144.00



* Local tax will be added as applicable










People also read




Article“I Saw it in the Movies”: Exploring the Link between Product Placement Beliefs and Reported Usage BehaviorCynthia R. Morton Ph.D. et al.Journal of Current Issues & Research in AdvertisingPublished online: 8 May 2012

Understanding Attitudes Toward and Behaviors in Response to Product PlacementFederico de Gregorio et al.Journal of AdvertisingPublished online: 4 Mar 2013

ArticleThe Hidden History of Product PlacementJay Newell et al.Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic MediaPublished online: 7 Jun 2010

Product Placement: How Brands Appear on TelevisionCarrie La Ferle Ph.D. et al.Journal of AdvertisingPublished online: 2 Apr 2013

ArticleAdvertainment: The Evolution of Product Placement as a Mass Media Marketing StrategySusan B. KretchmerJournal of Promotion ManagementPublished online: 12 Oct 2008

CONSUMERS, CHARACTERS, AND PRODUCTS: A Balance Model of Sitcom Product Placement EffectsCristel Antonia Russell et al.Journal of AdvertisingPublished online: 4 Mar 2013







































 
























































 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = David Hudson; range = all. Search again. 6 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct The International Steel IndustryRestructuring, State Policies and LocalitiesBy Ray Hudson, David SadlerOriginally published in 1989. The international steel industry suffered a major decline after the onset of world recession in 1973, perhaps suffering more plant closures and job losses than any other sector. This book analyses the decline, surveying the various factors which have contributed to it,…Hardback – 2017-02-24RoutledgeRoutledge Library Editions: Modern World EconomyCivil Society in AsiaIn Search of Democracy and Development in BangladeshBy Wayne HudsonEdited by David C. SchakIn East and Southeast Asia, the creation of civil society is a crucial yet most difficult issue. Europeans have had the luxury of centuries in a slow-moving world characterised by weak governments in which the foundation institutions, norms and values of civil society could ferment and develop.…Hardback – 2015-07-10RoutledgeGlobal Finance and DevelopmentBy David HudsonThe question of money, how to provide it, and how to acquire it where needed is axiomatic to development. The realities of global poverty and the inequalities between the ‘haves’ and the ‘have-nots’ are clear and well documented, and the gaps between world’s richest and the world’s poorest are…Paperback – 2014-12-03RoutledgeRoutledge Perspectives on DevelopmentGood Teachers, Good SchoolsHow to Create a Successful SchoolBy David Hudson'Good schools think with people and not to people' argues David Hudson in this thought-provoking practical guide for those wanting to bridge the gap between middle and senior management roles, and make a difference in their schools. Accessibly and engagingly written and packed with real-life…Paperback – 2008-09-23RoutledgeGoverning Financial GlobalizationInternational Political Economy and Multi-Level GovernanceEdited by Andrew Baker, David Hudson, Richard WoodwardMoney, finance and credit are literally the lifeblood of the modern economy. The distribution of money and credit are essential to productive investment in trade and industry, to the maintenance of consumer purchasing power and demand, to individuals' social status and standard of living, and…Paperback – 2008-06-10RoutledgeRIPE Series in Global Political EconomyCivil Society in AsiaIn Search of Democracy and Development in BangladeshBy Wayne HudsonEdited by David C. SchakIn East and Southeast Asia, the creation of civil society is a crucial yet most difficult issue. Europeans have had the luxury of centuries in a slow-moving world characterised by weak governments in which the foundation institutions, norms and values of civil society could ferment and develop.…Hardback – 2003-05-13RoutledgeAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search
