










 





Huffman  Mark - Stephenville, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Huffman  Mark in Stephenville, TX


Huffman  Mark

                                                Intelius found that Huffman  Mark  is  a male from Stephenville, TX.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Huffman Has Lived In

Stephenville, TX
Knoxville, TN







Huffman  Mark



GenderMale



Professional Status
Software Developer at Acxiom Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Huffman? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Huffman, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Huffman  Mark
Get a Criminal Check on Huffman  Mark
Get a Public Record Report on Huffman  Mark
Get a People Search Report on Huffman  Mark


Huffman  Mark's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Huffman  Mark has lived as well as Huffman  Mark's phone numbers and email addresses.




Huffman  Mark Has Lived in 2 States
Texas Address for Huffman  Mark


2770 W W********* S* 

Stephenville, TX


Has Lived In

Stephenville, TX
Knoxville, TN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Huffman  Mark

(800) ***-**** - Stephenville, TX 
(205) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Huffman  Mark

m************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Huffman  Mark's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Huffman  Mark's academic history.  Find out which schools Huffman  Mark attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Huffman  Mark received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Huffman  Mark Has Attended 1 School
Arkansas State University 1985 – 1989                              


Huffman  Mark's Professional Information
Information regarding Huffman  Mark's professional history.  Find out previous places Huffman  Mark has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Huffman  Mark Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Acxiom Corporation
               Title: Software Developer
Company: Merit Abrasives
               Title: Territory Manager
Huffman  Mark's Experience
Title: Software Developer
               Company: Acxiom Corporation
Job Details

Title: Territory Manager
               Company: Merit Abrasives
Job Details
               Merit is known for its flexibility and focus on service. We strive to make the products our demanding marketplace requires. If an Industrial Distributor needs to find a creative and innovative solution to a problem, at Merit we say "yes we can". Merit - We Deliver!  The challenge before Merit is how to take our solid foundation of innovation and flexibility and continue to respond to the changing needs of today's Industrial Distributor. The Industrial Market demands a quality product available when it is ordered, and delivered when it is promised. With such a wide variety of products, how will Merit Abrasives meet this challenge? At Merit, our focus and our passion is abrasives. We are devoting the resources necessary to meet the needs of today's most demanding customers and Industrial Distributors. At Merit, we strive to continue to provide world class service and quality by making the investments to constantly upgrade our equipment and processes. Merit is "The" Specialty branch of Saint-Gobain Abrasives, the world's largest abrasive company. With all of our traditional strengths and our new might behind us, At Merit, We not only know abrasives - We Deliver!
Additional Professional Information on Huffman  Mark

 See Huffman  Mark's LinkedIn Profile



Huffman  Mark's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Huffman  Mark


Huffman  Mark's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Huffman  Mark's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Huffman Mark
Username Matches

                  HuffmanMark
                  MarkHuffman
                  Huffman.Mark
                  Mark.Huffman
                  Huffman_Mark
                  Mark_Huffman
                  Huffman-Mark
                  Mark-Huffman
                  HMark
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
H Mark







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Mark Huffman at Wolff Bros. Supply, Inc. Contact Details | LeadFerret.com



















Login with your social account:

OR 










Forgot Password?
Create a Free Account!Sign Up!








LeadFerret




Search


Contacts
Specialty Directories




About Us


Blog
Company
FAQs
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy




Help


FAQ
Tutorials




Buy Points




Earn Points




SalesNexus







1-866-535-3960













Company & Contact Directories


Companies


Contacts






Contact Details for Mark Huffman









Mark
Huffman



Network and Telecommunications Manager


Contact Information

Phone:
(330) 725-3451


Email:

Please log in or register to see the details.




Social Links

Twitter:

Please log in or register to see the details.



Facebook:

Please log in or register to see the details.



LinkedIn:

Please log in or register to see the details.



Google+:

Please log in or register to see the details.




Company Information


Name:
Wolff Bros. Supply, Inc.


Address:

6078 Wolff Rd.
Medina
OH
44256



Phone:
330-725-3451


Website:
http://www.wolffbros.com/



View Complete Company Profile





Claim Profile
Is this you? Claim your profile to update and/or remove this information.

Quality score98out of 100





Others with Similar First and Last Names


First Name
Last name
Title
Company Name


Mark
Huffman
Business Development Manager
Valacrity, Inc.


Mark
Huffman
Art Director
Osborn & DeLong


Mark
Huffman
Branch Sales Manager
Bankers Life and Casualty Company


Mark
Huffman
Senior Human Resources Recruiter
Protective Life Corporation


Mark
Huffman
Procurement Analyst
Peace Corps


Mark
Huffman
Vice President Inventory Planning Replenishment
Hds Investment Holding, Inc.


Mark
Huffman
Sourcing Specialist
Regions Financial Corporation


Mark
Huffman
Sales Manager
Hewlett-Packard Company


Mark
Huffman
Religious Leader
St Pauls Lutheran Church


Mark
Huffman
Realtor
NetWork Realty


Mark
Huffman
Director Of Business Development
Discrete Wireless, Inc.


Mark
Huffman
Partner
Huffman & Huffman


Mark
Huffman
President
Huffman Huffman


Mark
Huffman
Computer Analyst Office Of Resource Management
Saic, Inc.


Mark
Huffman
Manager
Lane Memory


Mark
Huffman
Manager
Family Dollar Store Inc


Mark
Huffman
Director, Business Development
Discrete Wireless


Mark
Huffman
Pathologist
OptumInsight


Mark
Huffman
Genaral Manager
Armadillo Willys Bbq


Mark
Huffman
Audi-visual Engineer
Protestant Episcopal Cathedral Foundation


Mark
Huffman
Program Manager
TechSolve, Inc.


Mark
Huffman
Finance Executive
Petsmart


Mark
Huffman
Vice President of Merchandising-Light Fixtures
The Home Depot, Inc.


Mark
Huffman
Business Analyst
Vanco Direct USA, LLC


Mark
Huffman
Director Project Delivery
Independence Blue Cross


Mark
Huffman
President
Central Oregon Cable Advg Inc


Mark
Huffman
Attorney
Pacific Gas and Electric Company


Mark
Huffman
Business Analyst
UPS


Mark
Huffman
Purchasing Supervisor
Flowserve


Mark
Huffman
President
Universal Webflow, Inc


Mark
Huffman
Agent
Darrell M Peigh - State Farm Insurance


Mark
Huffman
Optimization Manager
Weyerhaeuser CO


Mark
Huffman
Senior Vice President
Bank of America Corporation


Mark
Huffman
Manufacturing Manger
Cleaning Technologies Group, Llc


Mark
Huffman
Human Resources Representative
State Bar of California





List of colleagues of Mark Huffman at Wolff Bros. Supply, Inc.


First Name
Last name
Title



John
Kamp
Quality Administrator




Irene
Hill
Director of Human Resources




Brian
Pekala
Product Manager Plumbing




Randy
Wvac
Engineer




Ted
Wolff
President/Chief Executive Officer




Jeff
Wolff
CFO




Bill
Green
Payroll




Dave
Artrip
Director-Sales




George
Wolff
Vice President




Mark
Perkins
Program Analyst




Mark
Huffman
Network and Telecommunications Manager




Dean
Sr
Electrical Products Coordinator










×
–
A message from LeadFerret







Close




New Message
↑
 LeadFerret Chat



Loading...




















ConsumerAffairs - Mark Huffman
            Menu Mark HuffmanReporterConsumerAffairshttps://www.consumeraffairs.comGoogle+Twitter“I think consumers need someone to listen to them and I find taking on that role to be very gratifying.” Mark has written about consumer issues for ConsumerAffairs.com since 2004. Previously, he was a news correspondent for the Associated Press Radio Network, Westwood One Radio Networks and Marketwatch.com.Huffman also produces video segments for ConsumerAffairs.com and, in 2006, produced a 20-minute DVD, “Senior Scam Alert,” a training tool to help seniors avoid scams.He received a B.A. degree from the University of Kentucky. He and his family live in a historic rowhouse in Richmond, VA, and have a weekend home on Chesapeake Bay.Recent Articles6597 totalDelta experimenting with changes to boarding process7/28/2017Agents will mingle with passengers at three gates in AtlantaWest Virginia's New River offers a thrilling ride7/28/2017Outfitters offer different whitewater trips to match skill levelsA credit card that rewards you for paying your bill7/28/2017The Citi Double Cash Rewards card pays twiceHere's the latest utility company scam7/28/2017Buying Federal Reserve routing numbers to pay your bill won't workSome Wells Fargo auto loan borrowers unknowingly bought insurance7/28/2017Bank says additional cost may have contributed to 20,000 defaults and repossessionsHow to guard against identity theft and bank fraud7/27/2017Survey shows it is a growing concern for consumersResearchers say we're still taking too many antibiotics7/27/2017The drugs are effective against only a third of sinus infectionsHow difficult is it to resolve a problem with your cellphone company?7/27/2017Survey links problem-solving with customer satisfactionCredit card rates hit another record high7/27/2017CreditCards.com puts the average rate at 16.11%Kelley Blue Book names year's most-awarded cars7/26/2017Honda places three models in the top 10Choosing the right cash back credit card7/26/2017Pick one card that rewards your biggest area of spendingThings to consider before buying or renting a home7/26/2017The decision is not as simple as it might seemSenate fails again to undo Obamacare7/26/2017Straight repeal of the healthcare law loses 43-57House panel to hold hearing on Net Neutrality7/25/2017CEOs of major tech companies asked to appearZillow: median home value now over $200,0007/25/2017Home values are higher than at the peak of the housing bubbleStudy finds more poison center calls tied to dietary supplements7/25/2017The rate surged 50% from 2005 to 2012Wells Fargo ordered to re-hire whistle-blower7/25/2017OSHA says branch manager was fired after reporting fraudulent activityNew Social Security scam making the rounds7/24/2017Scammer promises victims a 1.7% benefit increaseSigns you might not be ready to buy a house7/24/2017Savings, debt, and employment history are huge factorsHow to safely view the solar eclipse7/24/2017NASA says viewing glasses should have a  designated ISO 12312-2 international standard Write a reviewHomeConsumer NewsBuyers GuidesFor Businesses

    
    

    
    Log in

    
Connect with us×Respond To Your Customers For Free


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Huffman J Mark Md in Logan, UT 84341 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Utah
» Logan
» General Practice
» Huffman J Mark Md













Huffman J Mark Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1350 N 500 E  Logan, Utah 84341


(435) 792-1810


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Huffman J Mark Md is located at the address 1350 N 500 E in Logan, Utah 84341.  They can be contacted via phone at (435) 792-1810 for pricing, hours and directions.  Huffman J Mark Md specializes in Back Pain, Pregnancy & Childbirth, Auto Accidents.  Huffman J Mark Md provides Laser Therapies, Plastic Surgery, Colposcopy to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Huffman J Mark Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Huffman J Mark Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Tinted Lenses
, Nutritional Supplements
, Therapeutic Shoes
, Pillows
, Cosmetics
, Rimless
, Custom Made
, Herbal Supplements
, Goggles
, Orthotics



SERVICES


Physical Therapy
, Laser Therapies
, Consultations
, Replacements
, Skin Resurfacing
, Colposcopy
, Plastic Surgery
, Hand Therapy
, Endoscopic Surgery
, Implants


 SPECIALTIES


Back Pain
, Pregnancy & Childbirth
, Dermatology
, Women's Health
, Skin Cancer
, Work Injuries
, Physical Rehabilitation
, Auto Accidents
, Sciatica
, Lower Back Pain



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (435) 792-1810
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Jeffrey
Main Contact Last Name: Huffman
Main Contact Title: Md
Service Features: Insurance Accepted
Service Features Syn: Health Plans, Insurance Handling
CATEGORIES:


General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


Cache Valley Community Health Center


1515 N 400 E Ste 104 104 Ste Logan, Utah 84341




Instacare


412 N 200 E  Logan, Utah 84321




Benedict James P MD


500 E 1400 N  Logan, Utah 84341




Young Steven R


1300 N 500 E Ste 220 220 Ste Logan, Utah 84341




Strong Jeffrey S MD


1350 N 500 E  Logan, Utah 84341





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












MARC CLEMONS - HUFFMAN, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



HUFFMAN



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            MARC CLEMONS
                                    



 





















M 


MARC CLEMONS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



223 PLEASURE LN HUFFMAN, TX 77336
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011, Marc Clemons has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Huffman. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Marc E. Huffman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Marc E. Huffman
President, Worldwide Sales and Distribution at NetSuite Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Marc E. Huffman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Marc E. Huffman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Marc E. Huffman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Marc E. Huffman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Marc E. Huffman through your network of contacts.
												








Marc E. Huffman's Executive Work History


Current


President, Worldwide Sales and Distribution, 
NetSuite Inc.


Board Member, 
ChannelAdvisor


Past
To view Marc E. Huffman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
46

 
 


Marc E. Huffman's Biography



Marc E. Huffman, age 46, has served as a director of our company since March 2016. Mr. Huffman has served since November 2016 as senior vice president sales for the NetSuite Global Business Unit of Oracle Corporation, a public company providing products and services for corporation information technology environments. Mr. Huffman served as the president, worldwide sales and distribution of NetSuite Inc., a public company providing cloud-based financial solutions, from April 2014 until its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in November 2016, and previously served as its senior vice president of North American Verticals, Channels and APAC from 2 ...
(Read More)

			Marc E. Huffman, age 46, has served as a director of our company since March 2016. Mr. Huffman has served since November 2016 as senior vice president sales for the NetSuite Global Business Unit of Oracle Corporation, a public company providing products and services for corporation information technology environments. Mr. Huffman served as the president, worldwide sales and distribution of NetSuite Inc., a public company providing cloud-based financial solutions, from April 2014 until its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in November 2016, and previously served as its senior vice president of North American Verticals, Channels and APAC from 2010 to April 2014, as senior vice president of sales, North America from 2008 to 2010, and as vice president of sales beginning in 2003. Before joining NetSuite, he served as group sales director at Oracle Corporation from 1996 to 2003 and as a sales manager at Hayden Enterprises from 1995 to 1996. Mr. Huffman received a B.S. degree in business with emphasis on marketing from California State University, Chico. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Huffman's extensive sales, management and operational experience with public companies in the software-as-a-service industry allow him to make valuable contributions to the Board.
		
Source: ChannelAdvisor on 02/24/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Marc E. Huffman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Marc E. Huffman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Marc E. Huffman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Marc E. Huffman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Marc E. Huffman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Marc E. Huffman


















Marc E. Huffman's Connections (29)





Sign up now to view Marc E. Huffman's 29 connections »









Edward J. Zander
Board Member, Seagate Technology plc









Steven J. Gomo
Lead Independent Director, Enphase Energy, Inc.









Joseph L. Cowan
Board Member, ChannelAdvisor









Patrick J. Kerins
Former Chairman of the Board, Millennial Media Inc.









Zachary A. Nelson
Chief Executive Officer, NetSuite Inc.









Diana S. Allen
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, ChannelAdvisor









Ronald S. Gill
Chief Financial Officer, NetSuite Inc.









M. Scot Wingo
Executive Chairman, ChannelAdvisor









Catherine R. Kinney
Board Member, MetLife, Inc.









Aris A. Buinevicius
Former Chief Technology Officer and Director, ChannelAdvisor








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













