










Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc Buys AT&T, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Arch Coal, ... - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc  Buys AT&T, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Arch Coal, ...


February 16, 2017, 05:38:06 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Huff W R Asset Management Co LlcNew Purchases: ARCH ,Added Positions: T , TEVA , VZ, AAPL,Reduced Positions:SCOR, CYH, XOM, DOW, PEG,Sold Out:TUBE,For the details of HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT CO LLC 's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=HUFF+W+R+ASSET+MANAGEMENT+CO+LLC+These are the top 5 holdings of HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT CO LLCcomScore Inc ( SCOR ) - 645,680 shares, 17.6% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 42.61%Exxon Mobil Corp ( XOM ) - 121,733 shares, 9.48% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.04%Potash Corp of Saskatchewan Inc ( POT ) - 458,112 shares, 7.15% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.74%Dow Chemical Co ( DOW ) - 124,035 shares, 6.13% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.19%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 53,190 shares, 5.32% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.66%New Purchase: Arch Coal Inc (ARCH)Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc initiated holdings in Arch Coal Inc. The purchase prices were between $0.05 and $85.16, with an estimated average price of $73.22. The stock is now traded at around $72.11. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.31%. The holdings were 4,572 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: AT&T Inc (T)Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc added to the holdings in AT&T Inc by 151.40%. The purchase prices were between $36.13 and $42.73, with an estimated average price of $39.07. The stock is now traded at around $41.25. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.37%. The holdings were 61,870 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA)Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc added to the holdings in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd by 134.40%. The purchase prices were between $35.03 and $45.68, with an estimated average price of $39.93. The stock is now traded at around $35.81. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.04%. The holdings were 57,697 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: TubeMogul Inc (TUBE)Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc sold out the holdings in TubeMogul Inc. The sale prices were between $7.14 and $14.24, with an estimated average price of $11.01.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 8 Warning Signs with T. Click here to check it out.T 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of TPeter Lynch Chart of TPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SCOR
                                    
, 

                                        XOM
                                    
, 

                                        POT
                                    
, 

                                        DOW
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







NVIDA vs. AMD: Which Is the Better AI Stock?


						7/21/2017 05:43 PM
					



2 Growth Opportunities for This Top Apple Inc. Supplier


						7/21/2017 05:30 PM
					



Why American Express' Earnings Dropped in the Second Quarter


						7/21/2017 05:20 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Iraq plans to sell us dollar bond deal in coming weeks - sources
Petro River Makes Oil Discovery in Kern County, California
U.S. shale oil output seen up for eighth month at 5.6 mln bpd -EIA
XPO Logistics Announces Public Offering of Common Stock







Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
Morgan Stanley chooses Frankfurt as EU hub post Brexit - source




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





XOM








81%



Rate It





POT








60%



Rate It





DOW








88%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


















































Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc /de/ closes position in TUBE / TubeMogul, Inc. - Fintel.io

































Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc /de/ closes position in TUBE / TubeMogul, Inc.









SecurityTUBE / TubeMogul, Inc.
InstitutionHuff W R Asset Management Co Llc /de/

                        Shares0
Value
                        $ 0


February 14, 2017
            - Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc /de/ has filed a 13F-HR form disclosing ownership of 0
            shares of TubeMogul, Inc. (NASDAQ:TUBE)
            .
        
Other investors with closed positions include
                Credit Suisse Ag/ , Barclays Plc , BlackRock Group LTD, BlackRock Fund Advisors,  and BlackRock Advisors LLC.
            
TubeMogul, Inc. has declared a standard industrial code (sic) of 7372 which
        is the "Prepackaged Software" industry.
        
            Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc /de/'s top industries are
             
                 "Paper And Allied Products" (sic 26), 
                 "Coal Mining" (sic 12),  and 
                 "Health Services" (sic 80).
        
        

HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT CO(More Info)
This Page
TUBE / TubeMogul, Inc.(More Info)









Huff W R Asset Management Co Llc /de/ ownership holdings in TubeMogul, Inc. (NASDAQ:TUBE) are shown in the following table.




                    Don't Miss an Event
Create an Alert



13F Filings



The Security, Class, and CUSIP columns in the table below are shown exactly as filed by the investor.
        We do our best to track continuity of investments through acquisitions, and this will be reflected in
        the table as changes in names and cusips.
In addition to descriptive data, performance of the investment
        is shown over time. To calculate quarterly performance, we first calculate cost basis of the shares purchased during the quarter, then use
            that to calculate gross profit. Quarterly return is Gross Profit / Starting Portfolio value.
Note that cost basis is calculated and stored in thousands, so small quarterly changes in shares frequently
            result in a cost basis of zero.




EffectiveDateForm
Security
Class
CUSIP
SharePrice
Shares
Change(%)
Value(x1000)
Change(%)
Cost(x1000)
Profit(x1000)
Return(%)




2016-12-31
13F-HR
Tubemogul
COM
898570106

0
-100.00
0
-100.00





2016-09-30
13F-HR
Tubemogul
COM
898570106

59,205

555



















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!





CUSIP: 898570106
    



                






IEX Real-Time Price

















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








549 F.3d 100 (2008) | W.R. HUFF ASSET MGT. CO... | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.3d
549 F.3d
549 F.3d 100 (2008)



					 
				




								W.R. HUFF ASSET MGT. CO. v. DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Docket Nos. 06-1664-CV(L), 06-1749(CON).
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




549 F.3d 100 (2008)


W.R. HUFF ASSET MANAGEMENT CO., LLC, Plaintiff-Appellee,
v.
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Credit Suisse, New York Branch, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Toronto Dominion Texas, LLC (f/k/a Toronto Dominion Texas, Inc.), Mizuho International PLC, ABN AMRO Inc., Banc of America, N.A., Fleet Securities, Inc. (n/k/a Bank of America, N.A.), Banc of America Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, BNY Capital Markets, Inc., The Bank of New York Company, Inc., CIBC World Markets Corp., CIBC, Inc., Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Inc., Citicorp USA, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Salomon Smith Barney Inc. (n/k/a Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.), Calyon Securities (USA), Inc. (f/k/a Credit Lyonnais Securities (USA) Inc.), Calyon New York Branch (successor by operation of law to Credit Lyonnais New York Branch), Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown, Inc., Deutsche Bank AG, Harris Nesbitt Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc., JPMorgan Securities Inc., Scotia Capital (USA), Inc., Cowen & Co., LLC (f/k/a SG Cowen Securities Corporation), Societe Generale, also known as a French Banking Institution, Suntrust Capital Markets, Inc., SunTrust Bank, TD Securities (USA), Inc., ABN AMRO Bank N.V., BMO Nesbitt Burns Corp. (n/k/a Harris Nesbitt Burns Corp.); Credit Lyonnais Securities (USA) Inc., SG Cowen Securities Corp., and Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney Professional Corporation, Defendants-Appellants.  


United States Court of Appeals, Second Circuit.
Argued: November 7, 2007.
Decided: December 3, 2008.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Louis R. Cohen (Paul R.Q. Wolfson, on the brief), Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, Washington, DC, for Defendants-Appellants Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC; Credit Suisse, New York Branch; The Royal Bank of Scotland plc; and Mizuho International plc.
Max R. Shulman, Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, New York, NY, for Defendant-Appellant Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Steven R. Schoenfeld, Torys LLP, New York, NY, for Defendant-Appellant Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC.
Andrew J. Frackman (Tancred V. Schiavoni, on the brief) O'Melveny & Myers LLP, New York, NY, for Defendant-Appellant ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Michael Luskin (Trevor Hoffman, on the brief), Luskin, Stern & Eisler LLP, New York, NY, for Defendant-Appellant The Bank of Nova Scotia.
 Robert J. Ward, Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw LLP, New York, NY, for Defendants-Appellants Bank of Montreal and BMO Nesbitt Burns Corp.
Mitchell A. Lowenthal, Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, New York, NY, for Defendants-Appellants ABN AMRO Inc.; Banc of America Securities LLC; Banc of America, N.A.; Barclays Capital Inc.; Barclays Bank PLC; BNY Capital Markets, Inc.; The Bank of New York Company, Inc.; CIBC World Markets Corp.; CIBC Inc.; Citibank, N.A.; Citigroup Inc.; Citicorp USA, Inc.; Citigroup Global Markets Inc.; Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.; Calyon New York Branch; Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown Inc.; Deutsche Bank AG; BMO Capital Markets Corp.; J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated; Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.; Cowen & Company, LLC; Societe Generale; SunTrust Capital Markets, Inc.; SunTrust Bank; and TD Securities (USA) Inc.
Gregory A. Markel (Stacey A. Lara, on the brief), Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, New York, NY, for Defendant-Appellant Wachovia Bank, N.A.
Joseph Friedman (William M. Wycoff, Robert J. Ridge, J. Alexander Hershey, on the brief), Thorp Reed & Armstrong, LLP, for Defendant-Appellant Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney Professional Corporation.
Lawrence M. Rolnick, (Thomas E. Redburn, on the brief).
Lowenstein Sandler PC, Roseland, NJ, for Plaintiff-Appellee.
Before: CABRANES, SACK, and KATZMANN, Circuit Judges.




JOSÉ A. CABRANES, Circuit Judge:
We are asked to determine whether an investment advisor that has (a) discretionary authority to make investment decisions for its clients, and (b) a power of attorney from its clients to bring this lawsuit, has constitutional standing to sue for violations of federal securities laws on behalf of its clients, who are the beneficial owners of the underlying securities, and not in its own name. This question is before us on an interlocutory appeal of two orders of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Lawrence M. McKenna, Judge)—entered August 30, 2005 and October 19, 2005—denying a motion to dismiss the complaint for lack of standing pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(1), and adhering to that ruling on a motion for reconsideration. See In re Adelphia Commc'ns Corp. Sec. & Derivative Litig., Nos. 03 MDL 1529(LMM), 03 Civ. 5752, 03 Civ. 5753, 2005 WL 2087811 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 30, 2005) ("Huff I"); In re Adelphia Commc'ns Corp. Sec. and Derivative Litig., Nos. 03 MDL 1529(LMM), 03 Civ. 5752, 03 Civ. 5753, 2005 WL 2667201 (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 19, 2005) ("Hufff II"). See also In re Adelphia Commc'ns Corp. Sec. and Derivative Litig., Nos. 03 MDL 1529(LMM), 03 Civ. 5752, 03 Civ. 5753, 2006 WL 708303, at *4-5 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 20, 2006) (ordering certification for immediate appeal pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1292(b)).
BACKGROUND
In the first half of 2002, Adelphia Communications Corporation ("Adelphia") disclosed for the first time the existence of billions of dollars of debt that led, ultimately, to the company's dissolution in bankruptcy. Many investors in Adelphia filed civil lawsuits alleging various forms of securities fraud by Adelphia, its management, underwriters, outside auditors, and others. See In re Adelphia Commc'ns Corp. Sec. and Derivatives Litig., No. 03 MDL 1529(LMM), 2005 WL 1278544, at *1  (S.D.N.Y. May 31, 2005) (describing the background of the litigation).
Plaintiff-appellee W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., LLC ("Huff") is an investment advisor for institutional investors such as public employee pension funds. Huff alleges that defendants-appellants— all firms that provided underwriting, auditing, or legal services—prepared, facilitated, or certified inaccurate and misleading disclosures in Adelphia's financial statements, in violation of sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. §§ 77k, 77l (a)(2), and sections 10(b) and 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. §§ 78j (b), 78r.
Huff brings this lawsuit as "the investment adviser and attorney-in-fact on behalf of certain purchasers of ... debt securities issued by Adelphia." (2d Am.Compl. 1.) Huff does not allege that it was an investor in Adelphia; instead, Huff claims that it provided investment advice to its clients and, from 1999 until 2002, purchased Adelphia securities on their behalf. These clients, not Huff, have suffered financial losses as a result of Aldelphia's collapse.1 Indeed, Huff explicitly disclaims that it "suffered an injury individually in a way that is separate from its agency function." (Transcript of Feb. 20, 2003 Hearing, 19.) See also id. at 14 ("We are not seeking damages except on behalf of the beneficial owners of the securities from whom we secured powers of attorney.").2
Defendants challenged Huff's constitutional standing to sue on behalf of its investment clients in a motion to dismiss the complaint pursuant to Rule 12(b)(1) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, which concerns a federal court's lack of subject matter jurisdiction.3 Relying in part on Indemnified Capital Invs., SA. v. R.J. O'Brien & Assocs., Inc., 12 F.3d 1406, 1410 (7th Cir.1993) (concluding that an investment advisor did not have standing where beneficial owners did not assign their rights to sue to the investment advisor), the District Court initially concluded that Huff's status as attorney-in-fact satisfied the requirements of constitutional standing. See Huff I, 2005 WL 2087811, at *3.
Defendants brought a motion for reconsideration, arguing that the District Court  had overlooked our decision in Advanced Magnetics, Inc. v. Bayfront Partners Inc., 106 F.3d 11 (2d Cir.1997), in which we held that a company that possessed powers of attorney from aggrieved shareholders, but did not have a valid assignment of the shareholders' claims, lacked constitutional standing to sue on behalf of the shareholders. See id. at 17-18 ("The grant of a power of attorney ... is not the equivalent of an assignment of ownership; and, standing alone, a power of attorney does not enable the grantee to bring suit in his own name."). Nonetheless, the District Court adhered to its original decision and distinguished Advanced Magnetics on the ground that Huff was not only an "attorney-in-fact," but also an investment advisor with unfettered discretion to make investment decisions. See Huff II, 2005 WL 2667201, at *1 ("Here ... in addition to the powers of attorney Huff was given by its clients, Huff was also the clients' investment advisor with unrestricted decision making power over the clients' investments, including those in Adelphia securities."). The District Court cited, as an analogous decision, Weinberg v. Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc., 216 F.R.D. 248, 255 (S.D.N.Y.2003), in which an investment advisor that brought a lawsuit on behalf of its clients was found to have statutory standing to sue as a "purchaser" of securities because the investment advisor was the attorney-in-fact and had unrestricted authority to make investment decisions for its clients. See Huff II, 2005 WL 2667201, at *1.
On appeal,4 defendants-appellants argue that the District Court misapplied Advanced Magnetics because the central inquiry of that case was whether an investment advisor's clients properly assigned title or ownership of their securities claims to the named plaintiff, not whether the named plaintiff had previously purchased securities for its clients. See Advanced Magnetics, 106 F.3d at 17 (observing that a valid assignment must "transfer at least title or ownership ... to accomplish a completed transfer of the entire interest of the assignor in the particular subject of the assignment" (internal quotation marks and citation omitted)). Huff replies with a different interpretation of Advanced Magnetics. According to Huff, an assignment of claims "is sufficient to confer standing," but is not "necessary for standing to be found." Under Huff's interpretation, its status as both "attorney-in-fact" and "investment advisor" provides equally sufficient grounds for constitutional standing.
We note that nowhere in this appeal, in the proceedings below, or in its complaint has Huff alleged that its clients—the Beneficial Owners—assigned title or ownership of their claims to Huff.
While this case was pending before us, the Supreme Court held in Sprint Communications Co., L.P. v. APCC Servs., Inc. that an assignee who holds legal title to an injured party's claim has constitutional standing to pursue that claim, even if the assignee has agreed to remit all proceeds from the litigation to the assignor. See ___ U.S. ___, 128 S.Ct. 2531, 2542-44, 171 L.Ed.2d 424 (2008). The parties have submitted supplemental letter briefs addressing the relevance of Sprint to the outcome of this case. We therefore take this opportunity to discuss the enduring elements of Advanced Magnetics in light of Sprint, although we are mindful that our central inquiry—whether Huff has constitutional standing to sue on behalf of its clients— was decided by the District Court without the benefit of the Supreme Court's most recent guidance.
 DISCUSSION
We review de novo whether a plaintiff has constitutional standing to sue. See, e.g., Fuentes v. Bd. of Educ. of City of New York, 540 F.3d 145, 148 (2d Cir.2008). Because "standing is challenged on the basis of the pleadings, we `accept as true all material allegations of the complaint, and must construe the complaint in favor of the complaining party.'" United States v. Vazquez, 145 F.3d 74, 81 (2d Cir.1998) (quoting Warth v. Seldin, 422 U.S. 490, 501, 95 S.Ct. 2197, 45 L.Ed.2d 343 (1975)).
As an initial matter, we disagree with the District Court's ruling that constitutional standing may be assessed using the test for statutory standing developed in Weinberg, 216 F.R.D. at 255, a case involving the appointment of a lead plaintiff pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. See Huff II, 2005 WL 2667201, at *1 ("The reasoning of Weinberg applies with equal force to standing under the securities laws and standing under Article III."). Weinberg identified two factors for determining whether investment advisors have statutory standing as "purchasers" under section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act: (1) the investment advisor has "unrestricted decision making authority" to invest the securities at issue; and (2) the investment advisor "is also the attorney-in-fact for its clients," i.e., it has obtained the powers of attorney from its clients. 216 F.R.D. at 255. These statutory factors are separate and apart from the elements of constitutional standing, which are set forth below, and cannot be used to avoid constitutional requirements.5 See Gladstone, Realtors v. Village of Bellwood, 441 U.S. 91, 100, 99 S.Ct. 1601, 60 L.Ed.2d 66 (1979) ("In no event... may Congress abrogate the Art. III minima....").
Article III of the Constitution limits the jurisdiction of federal courts to the resolution of "cases" and "controversies." U.S. Const. art. III, § 2. In order to ensure that this "bedrock" case-or-controversy requirement is met, courts require that plaintiffs establish their "standing" as "the proper part[ies] to bring" suit. Raines v. Byrd, 521 U.S. 811, 818, 117 S.Ct. 2312, 138 L.Ed.2d 849 (1997); see also id. ("One element of the case-or-controversy requirement is that appellees, based on their complaint, must establish that they have standing to sue."); DaimlerChrysler Corp. v. Cuno, 547 U.S. 332, 341, 126 S.Ct. 1854, 164 L.Ed.2d 589 (2006) ("Determining that a matter before the federal courts is a proper case or controversy under Article III therefore assumes particular importance in ensuring that the Federal Judiciary respects the proper—and properly limited—role of the courts in a democratic society." (internal quotation marks omitted)).
Article III standing consists of three "irreducible" elements: (1) injury-in-fact, which is a "concrete and particularized" harm to a "legally protected interest"; (2) causation in the form of a "fairly traceable" connection between the asserted injury-in-fact and the alleged actions of the defendant; and (3) redressability, or a  non-speculative likelihood that the injury can be remedied by the requested relief. See Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 504 U.S. 555, 560-61, 112 S.Ct. 2130, 119 L.Ed.2d 351 (1992). These requirements ensure that a plaintiff has a sufficiently personal stake in the outcome of the suit so that the parties are adverse. See Baker v. Carr, 369 U.S. 186, 204, 82 S.Ct. 691, 7 L.Ed.2d 663 (1962) ("Have [plaintiffs] alleged such a personal stake in the outcome of the controversy as to assure that concrete adverseness which sharpens the presentation of issues upon which the court so largely depends for the illumination of difficult constitutional questions?").
As a general rule, the "injury-in-fact" requirement means that a plaintiff must have personally suffered an injury. See, e.g., Lujan, 504 U.S. at 560 n. 1, 112 S.Ct. 2130 ("By particularized, we mean that the injury must affect the plaintiff in a personal and individual way."); Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans United for Separation of Church and State, Inc., 454 U.S. 464, 472, 102 S.Ct. 752, 70 L.Ed.2d 700 (1982) ("Art[icle] III requires the party who invokes the court's authority to show that he personally has suffered some actual or threatened injury as a result of the putatively illegal conduct of the defendant.") (internal quotation marks omitted); Baker, 369 U.S. at 204, 82 S.Ct. 691. Indeed, "[t]he Art[icle] III judicial power exists only to redress or otherwise to protect against injury to the complaining party." Warth, 422 U.S. at 499, 95 S.Ct. 2197; see also Moose Lodge No. 107 v. Irvis, 407 U.S. 163, 166, 92 S.Ct. 1965, 32 L.Ed.2d 627 (1972) (stating that a party may invoke the court's authority only in order to "seek redress for injury done to him ... not [to] seek redress for injuries done to others").
As we noted above, Huff has not alleged in its complaint that it suffered any injury; rather, the alleged injury was suffered by Huff's6 clients Therefore, the dispositive question is whether Huff, as the named plaintiff, can demonstrate an "injury-in-fact" through some other means, such as an assignment of claims. Courts may permit a party with standing to assign its claims to a third party, who will stand in the place of the injured party and satisfy the constitutional requirement of an "injury-in-fact." See Vermont Agency of Natural Res. v. United States ex rel. Stevens, 529 U.S. 765, 773, 120 S.Ct. 1858, 146 L.Ed.2d 836 (2000) (observing that, in certain circumstances, "the assignee of a claim has standing to assert the injury in fact suffered by the assignor"); accord Connecticut v. Physicians Health Servs. of Conn., Inc., 287 F.3d 110, 117 (2d Cir.2002) ("[A] valid and binding assignment of a claim (or a portion thereof)—not only the right or ability to bring suit—may confer standing on the assignee." (emphasis in original)).
We addressed the assignment of claims in Advanced Magnetics, the case discussed by the District Court upon reconsideration of its initial ruling. The injured parties in that case assigned the "power to commence and prosecute" lawsuits to the named plaintiff. See 106 F.3d at 18. We explained that the transfer of title or ownership did not require a "particular form ... so long as the language manifest[ed the] intention to transfer at least title or ownership ... to accomplish a completed transfer of the entire interest of the assignor in the particular subject of the assignment." Id. at 17 (emphasis added) (internal quotation marks omitted). We noted, however, that the agreement at issue did not transfer title or ownership of  the claim to the assignee, but rather permitted the assignor to retain the right to terminate the plaintiff-assignee's authority to pursue the assigned claims. See id. at 18. In consequence, the assignment amounted to little more than a grant of a power of attorney. But as we further explained, "[t]he grant of a power of attorney... is not the equivalent of an assignment of ownership; and standing alone, a power of attorney does not enable the grantee to bring suit in his own name." Id. at 17-18. Accordingly, we found that the plaintiff-assignee lacked standing.
As noted above, the Supreme Court recently held that an assignee who holds legal title to an injured party's claim has constitutional standing to pursue the claim, even if the assignee has agreed to remit all proceeds from the litigation to the assignor. Sprint, 128 S.Ct. at 2533. In so holding, the Court relied on an historical practice of federal courts that permitted assignees to bring suits in their own right when they were assigned title for the sole purpose of collection. Id. at 2537-41; see also Rosenblum v. Dingfelder, 111 F.2d 406, 407-08 (2d Cir.1940) (concluding that a valid assignment of right to bring suit conferred standing on assignee). But see Sprint, 128 S.Ct. at 2553 (Roberts, C.J., dissenting) (contending that historical practice required both legal title and a stake in the proceeds). The Court determined that the assignees, who did not suffer a direct or personal injury as a result of defendants' conduct, satisfied the injury-in-fact requirement because the assignment also transferred the assignor's claims for injuries. Id. at 2542. Moreover, the Court explicitly rejected the argument that assignees lacked standing because they planned to remit the litigation proceeds to the assignors. Id. at 2542-43 ("What does it matter what the aggregators do with the money afterward?").
In our view, Sprint makes clear that the minimum requirement for an injury-in-fact is that the plaintiff have legal title to, or a proprietary interest in, the claim. Id. at 2543-44 ("There is an important distinction between simply hiring a lawyer and assigning a claim to a lawyer (on the lawyer's promise to remit litigation proceeds). The latter confers a property right (which creditors might attach); the former does not.") (emphases added). Moreover, Sprint rejects the notion, advanced by the Chief Justice and the three other dissenting Justices, that the injury-in-fact prong of the Article III standing requirement mandates more than legal ownership at the time of suit. See id. at 2549 (Roberts, C.J., dissenting) ("The majority concludes that a private litigant may sue in federal court despite having to pass back all proceeds of the litigation, thus depriving that party of any stake in the outcome of the litigation.").
Sprint therefore implicitly supports the holding of Advanced Magnetics that a mere power-of-attorney—i.e., an instrument that authorizes the grantee to act as an agent or an attorney-in-fact for the grantor, see Black's Law Dictionary 1209 (8th ed.2004)—does not confer standing to sue in the holder's own right because a power-of-attorney does not transfer an ownership interest in the claim. By contrast, an assignment of claims confers legal title or ownership of those claims and thus fulfills the constitutional requirement of an "injury-in-fact." See Advanced Magnetics, 106 F.3d at 17-18 (distinguishing power of attorney from assignment of ownership for the purposes of standing); accord Indemnified Capital Invs., 12 F.3d at 1410 ("[I]f [the investment advisor]'s customers were interested in bringing this claim against the defendants, they could very easily have assigned their rights to [the investment  advisor]. Thus ... we are of the opinion that [the investment advisor] has failed to satisfy, the constitutional requirements ... of standing....").7
In the instant case, Huff's clients have not transferred ownership of, or title to, their claims to Huff, as required by both Sprint and Advanced Magnetics. Rather, Huff claims it is "empowered by powers of attorney" to bring a lawsuit "in its representative capacity." Huff's power-of-attorney permits it to serve as an agent of its clients and to conduct litigation on behalf of its clients as their attorney-in-fact,8 but, like the relationship at issue in Advanced Magnetics, Huff's power-of-attorney is not purported to be a valid assignment and does not confer a legal title to the claims Huff brings. While Huff enjoys the authority to make some decisions concerning litigation, it does not have an ownership stake in any claims its clients might pursue against defendants. See Advanced Magnetics, 106 F.3d at 17. On the face of the complaint, Huff's only interest in this litigation as an attorney-in-fact is the recovery of its legal fees, which are a "byproduct of the suit itself" and cannot serve as a basis for Article III standing. See Vermont Agency of Natural Res., 529 U.S. at 772-73, 120 S.Ct. 1858 (2000) (internal quotation marks omitted); see also Diamond v. Charles, 476 U.S. 54, 70-71, 106 S.Ct. 1697, 90 L.Ed.2d 48 (1986) (holding that an interest in attorney's fees is insufficient for standing purposes).
Huff argues that it qualifies for a prudential exception to the injury-in-fact requirement because of its authority to make investment decisions on behalf of its clients. See Appellee's Br. at 16, 42. There are, indeed, a few well-recognized, prudential exceptions to the "injury-in-fact" requirement. These exceptions permit third-party standing where the plaintiff can demonstrate (1) a close relationship to the injured party and (2) a barrier to the injured party's ability to assert its own interests. See Kowalski v. Tesmer, 543 U.S. 125, 130, 125 S.Ct. 564, 160 L.Ed.2d 519 (2004) (in an opinion concerning whether criminal defense attorneys could pursue certain claims on behalf of their clients, observing that generally a party seeking third-party standing must demonstrate a "close relationship with the person who possesses the right" and that the possessor would face a "hindrance" to protecting his own interest); Mid-Hudson Catskill Rural Migrant Ministry, Inc. v. Fine Host Corp., 418 F.3d 168, 174 (2d Cir.2005) ("[A] plaintiff seeking third-party standing in federal court must ... demonstrat[e] a close relation to the injured third party and a hindrance to that party's ability to protect its own interests." (internal quotation marks omitted)). In this vein, courts historically have permitted "[t]rustees [to] bring suits to benefit their  trusts; guardians ad litem [to] bring suits to benefit their wards; receivers [to] bring suit to benefit their receiverships; assignees in bankruptcy [to] bring suit to benefit bankrupt estates; [and] executors [to] bring suit to benefit testator estates." Sprint, 128 S.Ct. at 2543; see also Smith v. Org. of Foster Families for Equality & Reform, 431 U.S. 816, 841 n. 44, 97 S.Ct. 2094, 53 L.Ed.2d 14 (1977) (recognizing third-party standing for foster parents to raise claims on behalf of foster children).
We reject Huff's assertion of a prudential exception based on "investment manager standing." See Appellee's Br. at 22. First, the investment advisor-client relationship is not the type of close relationship courts have recognized as creating a "prudential exception" to the third-party standing rules. See Kowalski, 543 U.S. at 130, 125 S.Ct. 564 (discussing specific examples of third-party standing). Second, Huff has failed to demonstrate that, absent a recognition of its standing claim, there is a "hindrance" to the Beneficial Owners' ability to protect their own interests. Id. Rather, the Beneficial Owners are relatively sophisticated parties with a demonstrated capacity to protect their own interests in the absence of Huff's intervention.9 Indeed, several of Huff's clients have filed parallel individual suits in the Adelphia litigation, and others have proceeded as part of a class action pursuing similar claims. See ante, n. 1. Therefore, Huff does not qualify for a prudential exception to the "injury-in-fact" requirement.
Finally, Huff posits in its briefs, but not in its complaint, that it satisfies the "injury-in-fact" requirement because it has suffered two injuries stemming from its capacity as investment advisor. First, Huff asserts that its "reputation [was] sullied" as a result of the decision to invest in Adelphia bonds for its clients. Second, Huff suggests that it has suffered an "informational injury" as a result of its reliance on the untruthful information provided by Aldelphia when Huff purchased Aldelphia securities for its clients. Huff contends that the provision of untruthful information by defendants violated its "right" under the relevant statutes "to receive truthful and accurate information about the publicly-traded securities [it] purchase[d] in the exercise of [its] fiduciary duties" and impaired its performance as an investment advisor.10
However, Huff has brought this suit on behalf of its clients, not itself. The remedies sought in the complaint—principally money damages associated with the losses suffered by Huff's clients—would not redress either the alleged injury to Huff's reputation or its "informational injury." See Vermont Agency of Natural Res., 529 U.S. at 772, 120 S.Ct. 1858 ("The interest [asserted for standing purposes] must consist of obtaining compensation for, or preventing,  the violation of a legally protected right."); see also Steel Co. v. Citizens for a Better Environment, 523 U.S. 83, 107, 118 S.Ct. 1003, 140 L.Ed.2d 210 (1998) ("Relief that does not remedy the injury suffered cannot bootstrap a plaintiff into federal court."). Accordingly, these alleged injuries are not sufficient to confer standing on Huff.
CONCLUSION
To summarize:
1. Huff lacks constitutional standing to bring suit for violations of the federal securities laws in its own name but on behalf of its clients, the beneficial owners of the relevant securities.
2. Huff has not demonstrated an "injury-in-fact" because it does not have legal title or ownership of its clients' claims against Adelphia.
3. Huff's status as both an attorney-in-fact for litigation purposes and an investment advisor with unfettered discretion over its clients' investment decisions does not confer on Huff Article III standing to sue in a representative capacity on its clients' behalf.
The judgment of the District Court is therefore reversed, and the cause is remanded to the District Court for proceedings consistent with this opinion.


FootNotes 
1. Proceeding in parallel with the instant action are two sets of related actions, also assigned to Judge McKenna, in which some of Huff's clients are participating: (1) a class action suit proceeding as part of the multi-district litigation related to the Adelphia collapse, In re Adelphia Commc'ns Corp. Sec. & Derivative Litig., No. 03-CV-5755, et al. (S.D.N.Y.); and (2) individual actions brought by some of Huff's clients in their own names, see, e.g., New York City Employees Ret. Sys. v. Adelphia Comm. Corp., Nos. 02-CV-3778 & 03-CV-5789 (E.D.P.A.); Los Angeles County Employees Ret. Ass'n v. Rigas, No. 03-CV-5750 (S.D.N.Y.).

2. In its briefs to the District Court and this Court, but not in its complaint, Huff avers that it suffered informational injuries and damage to its reputation as a result of Adelphia's misstatements and the poor performance of the Adelphia bonds that Huff bought for its clients. Nonetheless, according to Huff's complaint, the only award that would not ultimately flow to Huff's clients is, presumably, the "costs and expenses in this litigation, including reasonable attorneys' fees," which Huff requests in its Prayer for Relief. (2d Am.Compl. 227.)

3. Defendants-appellants also challenged Huff's statutory standing under Rule 12(b)(1), its failure to comply with the real party in interest requirement under Rule 17(a), and its failure to name all parties under Rule 10(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The District Court denied relief on all of these grounds. See Huff I, 2005 WL 2087811, at *2-4. However, the only issue on appeal is whether Huff lacked constitutional standing to sue. We express no view on the denial of defendants' motion to dismiss on any other ground.

4. Huff's complaint names parties that are not participating in this appeal as defendants, including members of Adelphia's senior management. (2d Am.Compl.45-48.)

5. For purposes of this case, we need not decide when, in the context of a class action under the PSLRA, an investment advisor could qualify as a suitable lead plaintiff. We note, however, that district courts should be mindful that named plaintiffs in a class action "must allege and show that they personally have been injured, not that injury has been suffered by other, unidentified members of the class to which they belong and which they purport to represent. Unless [they] can thus demonstrate the requisite case or controversy between themselves personally and [defendants], `none may seek relief on behalf of himself or any other member of the class.'" Warth, 422 U.S. at 502, 95 S.Ct. 2197 (quoting O'Shea v. Littleton, 414 U.S. 488, 494, 94 S.Ct. 669, 38 L.Ed.2d 674 (1974)).

6. We address Huff's claims of direct injuries, made for the first time in its briefs, post.

7. The holding of Sprint—that an assignee of a legal claim has standing even if the assignee will transmit any recovery to the assignor—is compatible with other cases in which we have examined the contours of a valid assignment. See, e.g., Physicians Health Servs. of Conn., Inc., 287 F.3d at 118 (requiring that the "remedies being sought ... flow to the [named plaintiff] as assignee," but not addressing how the assignee has contracted to dispose of those remedies after the lawsuit).

8. We have recently considered a roughly analogous assignment relationship—that between a qui tam relator and the United States. See U.S. ex rel. Eisenstein v. City of New York, 540 F.3d 94, 98-99 (2d Cir.2008) (distinguishing the role of a relator as "the person responsible for prosecuting the action" from that of the United States as the real party-in-interest which "under the applicable substantive law, has the legal right which is sought to be enforced or is the party entitled to bring suit." (citation and internal quotation marks omitted)).

9. Huff notes that some of the causes of action alleged have a so-called "eyeball reliance" requirement, which requires that the plaintiff personally have read and relied on the misstatements. Because Huff, and not its clients, "eyeballed"—that is, received and relied on— the Adelphia information, its clients would be precluded from bringing suit because the clients did not rely on the fraudulent information themselves. We take no view on whether, in these circumstances, Huff's clients would be precluded from suit for these violations because the issue is not before us.

10. The allegation that Huff itself sustained an injury first arose in Huff's opposition to the motion to dismiss. We express no view as to whether an injury to Huff's reputation as an investor or an "informational injury"—i.e., a harm stemming from an entity's alleged withholding of truthful information, see Appellee's Br. at 32—constitute cognizable claims, had they been properly pleaded.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us































IN RE: W.R. HUFF ASSET MANAGEMENT CO. | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 2nd Cir.
IN RE: W.R. HUFF ASSET MANAGEMENT CO.

IN RE: W.R. HUFF ASSET MANAGEMENT CO.




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







United States Court of Appeals,Second Circuit.
IN RE: W.R. HUFF ASSET MANAGEMENT CO., LLC, Appaloosa Management, L.P. and Franklin Mutual Advisers LLC, Argent Classic Convertible Arbitrage Fund L.P., Argent Classic Convertible Arbitrage Fund (Bermuda) Ltd., and Argent Lowlev Convertible Arbitrage Fund Ltd., and the Commonly-Managed Funds UBS O'Connor LLC F/B/O UBS Global Equity Arbitrage Master Ltd. and UBS O'Connor LLC F/B/O UBS Global Convertible Portfolio and Eminence Capital LLC, on behalf of themselves and others similarly situated, Consolidated Petitioners (pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3771). United States of America, Plaintiff, v. John Rigas, Timothy Rigas, Michael Rigas, Defendants.
Docket Nos. 05-2619-OP(L), 05-2628-OP(CON).
    Decided: June 03, 2005

		Before:  SOTOMAYOR, and HALL, Circuit Judges.*Thomas E. Redburn, Jr., Lowenstein Sandler PC (Lawrence M. Rolnick, on the brief), New York, NY, for Petitioners W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., LLC, Appaloosa Management, L.P. and Franklin Mutual Advisers LLC. Judith L. Spanier, Abbey Gardy LLP (Arthur N. Abbey, Richard B. Margolies, on the brief), New York, NY, for Petitioner Eminence Capital LLC, (Richard L. Stone, Mark A. Strauss, Kirby McInerney & Squire LLP, New York, NY, on the brief for Petitioners Argent Classic Convertible Arbitrage Fund L.P., Argent Classic Convertible Arbitrage Fund (Bermuda) Ltd., and Argent Lowlev Convertible Arbitrage Fund Ltd., and the Commonly-Managed Funds UBS O'Connor LLCF/B/O UBS Global Equity Arbitrage Master Ltd., and UBS O'Connor LLC F/B/O UBS Global Convertible Portfolio). Christopher J. Clark, Assistant United States Attorney (David N. Kelley, United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Richard D. Owens, Robin L. Baker, Assistant United States Attorneys, on the brief), New York, NY, for the United States of America. Lawrence G. McMichael, Dilworth Paxson LLP, Philadelphia, PA, for the Rigas Family (Gerard S. Catalanello, Shannon R. Wing, Brown Raysman Millstein Felder & Steiner LLP, New York, NY, on the brief for the Rigas Family, Paul G. Grand, Jeremy H. Temkin, Morvillo, Abramowitz, Grand Iason & Silberberg, P.C., New York, NY, on the brief for Timothy J. Rigas, Peter Fleming, Jr., Benard V. Preziosi, Jr., on the brief for John J. Rigas).
Before us are two petitions for a writ of mandamus brought by W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., LLC, et al. (“the Huff Petitioners”) and Eminence Capital, LLC, et al. (“the Class Action Petitioners” and, together with Huff Petitioners, “the Petitioners”).   Both petitions seek to vacate a settlement agreement of a forfeiture action among the United States and John J. Rigas, Timothy J. Rigas, and other members of the Rigas family that establishes a $715 million fund to compensate victims of a fraud perpetrated in part by John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas.   Both petitions are based on the recently-enacted Crime Victims' Rights Act of 2004 (“CVRA” or “the Act”), 18 U.S.C. § 3771.Because the district court did not abuse its discretion in approving the settlement agreement, we deny both petitions.I. BackgroundA. FactsIn July 2004, a jury found John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas (“the Rigases”) guilty of securities fraud, conspiracy to commit securities fraud, false statements in Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings, and bank fraud.   See Dist. Ct. Dkt. Sht. No. 02-cr-1236 at 7/8/04 Entry.   The jury acquitted Michael J. Rigas on various charges in the indictment and deadlocked on others.   The Government has indicated its intent to retry Michael Rigas on the deadlocked charges.The Petitioners and their clients allege they purchased high-yield debt securities issued by Adelphia Communications Corporation (“Adelphia”), a company founded by John J. Rigas, in reliance on materially false and misleading statements, resulting in money damages to them.   See Huff Mot. at 6-7.   Apart from the criminal case, the Petitioners, along with other plaintiffs, filed individual actions against the Rigases and other defendants-including Deloitte & Touche LLP, investment and commercial banks, and lawyers-under various provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   See Dist. Ct. Dkt. Sht. No. 03-md-1529.   The actions are still pending in the district court.   See id.   The SEC has also brought a civil action under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against, among others, John J. Rigas, Timothy J. Rigas, Michael J. Rigas, and James Rigas.   See Dist. Ct. Dkt. Sht. No. 02-cv-5776.In April 2005, the Government entered into a proposed settlement agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”) with the Rigases and other members of the Rigas family who had either not been named or were not convicted in the criminal action.1  See Huff Mot. at Exh. D (Settlement Agreement).   Under the Settlement Agreement, the entire Rigas family consented to forfeiture of designated assets, including numerous cable television systems, companies, Adelphia securities, and real estate holdings.   See id. at ¶¶ 1-4.   In exchange, the Government agreed not to request an order of restitution or a criminal fine against John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas at their sentencing and not to seek “further forfeiture, restitution, fine or other economic sanction or recovery in relation to the ownership, control or management of Adelphia by the Rigas Family.”  Id. at ¶¶ 9-10.   Paragraph 8 of the Settlement Agreement further provided, in relevant part:As a condition to receiving a distribution from the forfeited assets or the Victim Fund, the Attorney General shall require any such victim recipient, other than Adelphia, to release and discharge the Rigas Family (except for John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas) and Peter L. Venetis from any and all actions, claims or liabilities of any nature in relation to the ownership, control or management of Adelphia by the Rigas Family, ․ and to dismiss any such claim or litigation commenced by such recipient against the Rigas Family (except for John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas) or Peter L. Venetis.   Such recipients shall also reduce and mark satisfied any judgment that they obtain against third parties, or otherwise indemnify the Rigas Family (except for John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas) and Peter L. Venetis, to the extent of any liability (for contribution, indemnity or the like) of the Rigas Family (other than John J. Rigas and Timothy J. Rigas) or Peter L. Venetis to the third party on account of such judgment.Huff Mot. at Exh. D at ¶ 8.At the same time, the Government also entered into a non-prosecution agreement with Adelphia.   See Huff Mot. at Exh. H (Letter).   The non-prosecution agreement provided that, if Adelphia forbore from criminal activity and continued to cooperate with the Government, the Government would not charge the company for the criminal actions of its executives relating to the crimes of which the Rigases were convicted.   See id.   The non-prosecution agreement also provided that Adelphia would pay the Government $715 million for a victim compensation fund (“Victim Fund”), which would distribute funds to eligible victims “in such forms and amounts as determined by the Attorney General and the SEC, in their sole discretion, subject to any applicable court approval process.”  Id. at 3.On April 25, 2005, the Government moved for the district court to designate the case as one with “multiple crime victims,” under subsection (d)(2) of the Crime Victims' Rights Act of 2004 (“CVRA”), codified at 18 U.S.C. § 3771.   See Huff Mot. at Exh. F (Order) at Exh. 1 (Affirmation).   The Government argued that there were tens of thousands of victims of the crimes committed by the Rigases and that it was virtually impossible to identify and notify each victim personally.   See id. at 3. The Government proposed an alternative plan for notification, involving a listing of the settlement and other agreements reached with Adelphia and the Rigases at a website maintained by the Department of Justice.   See id. at 4-5.   The district court filed an order directing any person or entity wishing to be heard concerning the Settlement Agreement to make a written submission by May 10, 2005, and the court scheduled a hearing on the Government's motion for May 18, 2005.   See Huff Mot. at Exh. F (Amended Order).   Petitioners objected to the settlement, raising arguments under the CVRA. See Huff Mot. at Exh. C, Class Action Mot. at Exh. 4.At the May 18 hearing, the Government described to the district court the numerous steps it had taken to notify potential victims of the proposed settlement.   See Huff. Mot. at Exh.G (Transcript) at 2-3.   Those steps included:  On April 26, 2005, the Government provided the bankruptcy court presiding over the bankruptcy action brought by Adelphia against the Rigases with copies of the proposed Settlement Agreement and other agreements and served the parties listed in the bankruptcy proceedings with notice of the settlement.   In addition, the Government contacted the company and the equity committee involved in the Adelphia bankruptcy proceedings and asked them to provide information about the proposed agreements to any potential victims.   The Government also submitted the agreements to the district court hearing the civil action brought by the SEC against various members of the Rigas family.   The Government further held a press conference during which it disseminated information about the agreements on national television and issued a press release to media outlets throughout the United States.   On April 27, 2005, the Government posted on its designated website copies of the proposed settlement and other agreements, along with contact information for the victim witness coordinator at the United States Attorney's Office in the Southern District of New York.At the May 18 hearing, various objectors, including the Petitioners herein, were heard and the following colloquy, inter alia, occurred:The Court:  Tell me what [the Government] should do now that they have not done and how long it would take and what impact that would have on the sentence [of the Rigases].[Attorney for Class Action Petitioners]:  Your Honor, there is no question that hiring the claims administrator tomorrow and sending out notice to determine who the victims are and how to allocate those funds would delay the sentencing set for June 1. But I think the government-The Court:  How long would it delay it?   Months?[Assistant United States Attorney]:  Years.[Attorney for Class Action Petitioners]:  I think, your Honor, it would certainly delay the matter for months.The Court:  Yes. That's unacceptable.   That is unacceptable.   You would have to satisfy me that that type of a delay was necessary to ensure compliance with the statute and fairness to the victims and would be of sufficient value to run the risk of this whole global settlement coming apart.Huff Mot. at Exh. G. (Transcript) at 11.   At the conclusion of the hearing, the district court accepted the settlement, subject to the approval of (1) the district court judge presiding over the action brought against the Rigases by the SEC, and (2) the bankruptcy judge presiding over the action brought by Adelphia against the Rigases and other parties.2  See id. at 19-20.   The district court found that “[o]bviously, the settlement order entails the interests of many diverse parties and reflects obvious compromises,” but that “[t]he alternatives to this settlement are not at all attractive, not only in terms of the complexity and the contingencies which would result.”  Id. The district court filed an opinion and order consistent with its oral opinion.   See Huff Mot. at Exh. A.B. Huff's Mandamus PetitionThe Huff Petitioners argue that mandamus relief is warranted because the Settlement Agreement violates the CVRA-specifically §§ 3771(a)(6) and (8)-in that it subjects them to “a Hobson's choice of either foregoing compensation from the approximately $715 million in Victim Fund proceeds or accepting a distribution (under an as-yet unknown plan of allocation) under unreasonable constraints that unnecessarily jeopardize the viability of their civil claims against other participants in the Adelphia fraud.”   See Huff. Mot. at 15. According to the Huff Petitioners, the settlement violates the victims' rights under the CVRA to be treated fairly and to be provided with full and timely restitution.   See id.The Huff Petitioners further contend that paragraph 8 of the Settlement Agreement is unfair under the CVRA because the Settlement Agreement violates the Mandatory Victim Restitution Act (“MVRA”), codified at 18 U.S.C. § 3663A, by making “it virtually impossible for victims to obtain anything close to full recovery for their losses.”   See id. at 18.   They argue that the Settlement Agreement “places victims in a worse position than they would be in had the Court ordered the Rigas Defendants to pay restitution under the MVRA.”  Id. at 23.C. Class Action Petitioners' Mandamus PetitionThe Class Action Petitioners also assert that they were denied their right to restitution, arguing that “[t]he Government sought an order designating this matter as a case involving multiple crime victims in order to avoid the victims' right to full and timely restitution” and that “[t]he District Court ignored the Government's failure to satisfy its obligations under the [CVRA] and under the [Attorney General] Guidelines [for Victim and Witness Assistance].”   See Class Action Petition, 22, 24.   With respect to the notification provision of the CVRA, they contend that the Government failed to make its “best efforts” to identify and personally notify all the crime victims, as required by § 3771(c).  See id.The Class Action Petitioners also contend that they were not afforded an opportunity to confer with the Government concerning the disposition of the case-a right enumerated in § 3771(a)(5).   See id. at 21-22.   In addition, they argue that:  (1) the district court did not have the authority to approve the Settlement Agreement at the May 18 hearing because the notice to victims merely stated that the hearing was for the purpose of addressing the Government's motion to use alternative victim-notification procedures, not for approving the settlement;  (2) the non-prosecution agreement between Adelphia and the Government violated laws governing civil and criminal forfeitures;  and (3) the district court improperly rejected the Class Action Petitioners' challenges to the Government's proposed notice procedures because those procedures omitted material facts and violated federal and New York laws.   See id. at 24-29.II. Statutory Framework and Standard of ReviewEnacted in October of 2004, the CVRA provides “crime victim[s]” with the following eight rights:(1) The right to be reasonably protected from the accused.(2) The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding, or any parole proceeding, involving the crime or of any release or escape of the accused.(3) The right not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding, unless the court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that proceeding.(4) The right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding.(5) The reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government in the case.(6) The right to full and timely restitution as provided in law.(7) The right to proceedings free from unreasonable delay.(8) The right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy.18 U.S.C. § 3771(a).  “In any court proceeding involving an offense against a crime victim, the court shall ensure that the crime victim is afforded” these rights.  Id. at § 3771(b).  If, however, “the court finds that the number of crime victims makes it impracticable to accord all of the crime victims the rights described in subsection (a), the court shall fashion a reasonable procedure to give effect to this chapter that does not unduly complicate or prolong the proceedings.”  Id. at § 3771(d)(2).Pursuant to the mechanism set forth in the CVRA, the crime victim, the crime victim's lawful representative, and the Government “may assert the rights described in [§ 3771(a) ].”  Id. at § 3771(d)(1).   These rights must first be “asserted in the district court in which a defendant is being prosecuted for the crime or, if no prosecution is underway, in the district court in the district in which the crime occurred.”  Id. at § 3771(d)(3).   The district court “shall take up and decide any motion asserting a victim's right forthwith.”  Id. If the court denies relief, “the movant may petition the court of appeals for a writ of mandamus.”  Id. The court of appeals shall, in turn, “take up and decide” the petition “within 72 hours after the petition has been filed.”  Id. This Court has often characterized a writ of mandamus as an “extraordinary remedy.”  United States v. Coppa (In re United States), 267 F.3d 132, 137 (2d Cir.2001).   Ordinarily, this Court grants mandamus relief when the district court has usurped power or clearly abused its discretion.   See Bulow v. Bulow (In re von Bulow), 828 F.2d 94, 97 (2d Cir.1987) (stating that the “touchstones” for exercise of mandamus are a showing of “usurpation of power, clear abuse of discretion and the presence of an issue of first impression”).   Accordingly, “ ‘mere error, even gross error in a particular case, as distinguished from a calculated and repeated disregard of governing rules, does not suffice to support issuance of the writ.’ ”  In re “Agent Orange” Product Liability Litigation, 733 F.2d 10, 13 (2d Cir.1984) (quoting United States v. DiStefano, 464 F.2d 845, 850 (2d Cir.1972)).   Pursuant to this standard, the petitioner must usually demonstrate:  (1) the presence of a novel and significant question of law;  (2) the inadequacy of other available remedies;  and (3) the presence of a legal issue whose resolution will aid in the administration of justice.  Coppa, 267 F.3d at 137-38;  In re United States, 10 F.3d 931, 933 (2d Cir.1993).Under the plain language of the CVRA, however, Congress has chosen a petition for mandamus as a mechanism by which a crime victim may appeal a district court's decision denying relief sought under the provisions of the CVRA. See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3) (“the movant may petition the court of appeals for a writ of mandamus”);  § 3771(d)(5)(B) (“A victim may make a motion to re-open a plea or sentence only if ․ the victim petitions the court of appeals for a writ of mandamus within 10 days ․”).  It is clear, therefore, that a petitioner seeking relief pursuant to the mandamus provision set forth in § 3771(d)(3) need not overcome the hurdles typically faced by a petitioner seeking review of a district court determination through a writ of mandamus.Because crime victims, as petitioners for mandamus, have a right to appellate review, we must determine the appropriate standard of that review.  “For purposes of standard of review, decisions by judges are traditionally divided into three categories, denominated questions of law (reviewable de novo ), questions of fact (reviewable for clear error), and matters of discretion (reviewable for ‘abuse of discretion’).”  Pierce v. Underwood, 487 U.S. 552, 558, 108 S.Ct. 2541, 101 L.Ed.2d 490 (1988).   In Pierce, the Supreme Court determined that a district court's decision concerning an attorneys'-fees provision of the Equal Access to Justice Act was entitled to abuse of discretion review because:  (1) the language of the statute emphasized that the determination to award attorneys' fees was one for the district court to make;  (2) the district court was better positioned than the court of appeals to decide the issue in question, as it may have had “insights not conveyed by the record”;  and (3) the problem was non-amenable to regulation by rule because of the “diffuseness of circumstances, novelty, vagueness, or similar reasons.”  Id. at 559-62, 108 S.Ct. 2541. Similarly, the CVRA provides that the determination to “ensure” that the crime victim is afforded the rights enumerated in the CVRA is entrusted to the district court to make.   See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(b).  Further, the district court is in a better position than this Court to decide whether or not relief is warranted under the CVRA-and whether the Settlement Agreement is appropriate-as it has far more insight into the complexities of a pending litigation than does a court of appeals.   Most of the rights provided to crime victims under the CVRA require an assessment of “reasonableness.”   18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(1), (2), (4), (5) and (7).   The district court is far better positioned to make these assessments and to determine what constitutes “a reasonable procedure” for effecting these rights, 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(2), than a court of appeals.The Supreme Court has noted that “neither a clear statutory prescription nor a historical tradition exists” to determine which standard of review to apply under the Equal Access to Justice Act. Pierce, 487 U.S. at 558, 108 S.Ct. 2541.   The same observation applies to the CVRA. Because the factors that warranted application of the abuse of discretion standard of review for the Equal Access to Justice Act apply with equal force to the CVRA, we hold that a district court's determination under the CVRA should be reviewed for abuse of discretion.III. DiscussionA. The Right to RestitutionThe principal argument made by both sets of petitioners is that the Settlement Agreement, by requiring releases of third parties, unfairly compromises the right of crime victims to receive full restitution.   Specifically, the petitioners contend that (1) the $715 million Victim Fund that will be made available to victims will not have the capacity to provide full restitution to the many victims of the Rigases' crimes;  and (2) paragraph 8 of the Settlement Agreement, which releases members of the Rigas Family (except for John J. and Timothy J. Rigas) from liability and indemnifies them from judgments against third parties, also jeopardizes the victims' ability to obtain full restitution from parties who might be found jointly and severally liable with the Rigases. Petitioners assert that § 3771(a)(6) entitles them to “full and timely restitution,” omitting to mention, however, that such restitution must be “as provided in law.”   See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(6).   This important modifier makes it clear that Congress recognized that there would be numerous situations when it would be impossible for multiple crime victims of the same set of crimes to be repaid every dollar they had lost.   The question before us is whether the district court abused its discretion by approving the Settlement Agreement, given its obligation under the CVRA to ensure that the victims are afforded rights to restitution as provided by law.   We hold that the district court did not.Under the MVRA, victims of any offense against property under Title 18, including any offense committed by fraud or deceit, are not entitled to mandatory restitution if the district court determines that “the number of identifiable victims is so large as to make restitution impracticable,” or that “determining complex issues of fact related to the cause or amount of the victim's losses would complicate or prolong the sentencing process to a degree that the need to provide restitution to any victim is outweighed by the burden on the sentencing process.”  18 U.S.C. § 3663A(c)(3).   Thus, the MVRA provides that, under these two circumstances, victims are not entitled to mandatory restitution.   The district court determined that the victims in this case were numerous and that the complexity of resolving a multitude of factual and causal issues would extend the sentencing process inordinately.   As a basic predicate to this complexity, it is undisputed that there are potentially tens of thousands of victims of the Rigases' crimes.   Second, the amount of losses of those victims has not been established and doing so would indisputably take a great deal of time.   Clearly, this case fits within the dual exceptions contained in the MVRA, and the district court did not abuse its discretion by deciding to accept the provisions of the Settlement Agreement as reasonable substitute restitution, as permitted by the MVRA. Further, the CVRA does not grant victims any rights against individuals who have not been convicted of a crime.   Concomitantly, neither the Government nor the sentencing court are restricted by the CVRA from effecting reasonable settlement or restitution measures against non-convicted defendants.   To the extent that the Government recognizes that victims would have difficulty in effecting any recoveries from the Rigas family members because of difficulties in proof of culpability and because of security interests affecting the family's assets, petitioners cannot meet their burden in showing that the Government or the district court acted unreasonably in entering the Settlement Agreement or approving it.   Additionally, the district court in no way treated the victims unfairly or without “respect for [their] dignity and privacy,” 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(8), but rather took into consideration the numerosity of victims, the uncertainty of recovery, and the prospect of unduly prolonging the sentencing proceedings when adopting the settlement, factors which Congress has required the court to consider.   See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(2).B. Other Rights Asserted by PetitionersPetitioners' other arguments unrelated specifically to restitution come in a variety of forms.   They assert variously that some victims were denied rights to confer with the attorney for the Government;  that the manner of obtaining forfeited assets as part of the Victims Fund violates regulations regarding sharing of forfeited assets with those who committed the crimes at issue;  and that they did not get notice of certain aspects of the various settlement agreements in the other court forums that made up the entire interconnected plan for ensuring that $715 million is available for distribution to the victims.   As to each of these arguments, they are either without factual support or a legal basis, or they were implicitly considered in an appropriate fashion by the district court in its extensive successful efforts to provide notice of the proposed settlement and to solicit and hear objections to it. First, no petitioner has alleged that it asked the Government to confer with it and was denied the opportunity to do so.   Nothing in the CVRA requires the Government to seek approval from crime victims before negotiating or entering into a settlement agreement.   The CVRA requires only that the court provide victims with an opportunity to be heard concerning a proposed settlement agreement, and the court provided the victims with a full opportunity to do so in this case.   Second, the district court did not abuse its discretion by approving a settlement that would send funds to Adelphia, because the Government may by statute compromise claims in the context of a forfeiture.   See 21 U.S.C. § 853(i)(2).   Finally, the district court did not abuse its discretion in determining that, given the time delays and the difficulty of identifying victims and calculating losses, the Government gave reasonable notice to crime victims in the extensive alternative notice procedures it employed.IV. ConclusionFor the foregoing reasons, we hold the district court did not abuse its discretion in approving the Settlement Agreement at issue and Deny the petitions for mandamus.FOOTNOTES1.   These individuals are Doris Rigas, Michael J. Rigas, James P. Rigas, Ellen Rigas Venetis, and their affiliated entities.   See Mot. at Exh. D at 1.2.   Both the district court judge presiding over the SEC action and the bankruptcy judge have since approved the global settlement.HALL, Circuit Judge.



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 21 15:49:02 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























US Court Cases: Find US Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States



Browse United States Courts

District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Judicial Conference of the United States Committee on Judicial Conduct and Disability.
Judicial Council of the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Eighth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Ninth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Second Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Seventh Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Tenth Circuit.
United States Bankruptcy Appellate Panel
United States DC Circuit
United States Eighth Circuit
United States Eleventh Circuit
United States Federal Circuit
United States Fifth Circuit
United States First Circuit
United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
United States Fourth Circuit
United States Judicial Conference Committee
United States Ninth Circuit
United States Second Circuit
United States Seventh Circuit
United States Sixth Circuit
United States Supreme Court
United States Tenth Circuit
United States Third Circuit


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 21 15:49:03 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























US 2nd Circuit Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 2nd Cir.


United States Second Circuit Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of United States Second Circuit decisions since January 1995.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING US 2nd Circuit




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


SINGH KAMALPRET AKA KAMALPREET SINGH AKA KAMALPRET SINGH v. JEFFERSON SESSIONS III UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL
July 20, 2017
15-4053 NAC

THAI LAO LIGNITE THAILAND CO LTD HONGSA LIGNITE LAO PDR CO LTD v. GOVERNMENT OF THE LAO PEOPLE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
July 20, 2017
Docket Nos. 14-597 
 14-1052 
 14-1497

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. ANTHONY ALLEN AND ANTHONY CONTI
July 19, 2017
Nos. 16-898-cr (Lead) 
 16-939-cr (con)

MICHAEL ARNOLD 11 v. FIRST CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK THE COMMUNITY PRESERVATION CORPORATION ELMIRA SAVINGS BANK
July 19, 2017
16-4012-bk

CASSANDRA WOODS TINA HINTON v. START TREATMENT RECOVERY CENTERS INC ADDICTION RESEARCH AND TREATMENT CORPORATION
July 19, 2017
Docket No. 16-1318-cv



View more decisions »





Browse United States Second Circuit Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 21 15:49:03 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.







W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 6:49 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. is an employee owned investment manager. It provides its services to pensions and profit sharing plans, state, municipal and other government entities, endowments and foundations, Charitable organizations, trusts, corporations and other types of businesses, and individuals. The firm manages separate client-focused fixed income portfolios. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The firm invests in corporate high yield bonds and non-investment grade debt securities. It employs a fundamental, quantitative, and relative value analysis to make its investments. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. It typically invests in ...
W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. is an employee owned investment manager. It provides its services to pensions and profit sharing plans, state, municipal and other government entities, endowments and foundations, Charitable organizations, trusts, corporations and other types of businesses, and individuals. The firm manages separate client-focused fixed income portfolios. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The firm invests in corporate high yield bonds and non-investment grade debt securities. It employs a fundamental, quantitative, and relative value analysis to make its investments. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. It typically invests in companies in healthcare and life sciences, chemicals, telecommunications, environmental, information and data service providers, defense technology, paper, natural resources, packaging, media, food and retailing, and energy sectors. W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. was founded in 1984 and is based in Stuart, Florida with and additional office in Morristown, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


2100 South East Ocean BoulevardSuite 103Stuart, FL 34996United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 772-210-5871








Key Executives for W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.




Mr. William Robert Huff


      	President, Principal, and Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 67
        







Ms. Donna Burns Charlton


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Bryan E. Bloom Esq.


      	Principal and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 58
        







Ms. Cathy Markey Huff J.D.


      	General Counsel
      








Mr. Mark B. Chasin CFA


      	Principal
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC
                    

•   STUART, FL
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Huff W R Asset Management Company is based out of Stuart. Huff W R Asset Management Company is a large advisory firm with  26-100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $405,159,794 (Form ADV from 2017-03-22).   WhaleWisdom has at least 49 13F filings in our database for Huff W R Asset Management Company. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary



            No holdings for current quarter
      





03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $0

                        Prior Market Value
                        $115.862 Million
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of0 stocks
Reduced holdings in0 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %%
Turnover %
                        [1]:%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:%
Time Held Top20:
Time Held Top10:
Time Held All:

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q4 2016:
                    
5.14%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
13.03%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-20








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-20
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2003 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

W.R. HUFF ASSET MANAGEMENT CO., L.L.C.
 
2100 S.E. OCEAN BOULEVARD
SUITE 103

STUART
FL
            
        34996
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          772-210-5871
Fax:
              


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
11


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for HUFF W R ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.





















W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. - Financial Services Firm, Stuart, Florida - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.





W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. is a RIA based in Stuart, FL with $405M in AUM . William Robert Huff is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 1994.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Stuart, FL 




# OF EMPLOYEES
11


Total Assets
$405,159,794









Location
        



2100 NE Ocean Blvd


Stuart,
FL
34996


772-210-5871









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on March 24, 2017





$405.2M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






27

          
Accounts
          


$15.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





On The Green, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              


W.R. Huff Cm, LLC
              
IAR
              
$233,203,090
              


Wrh Energy Partners, L.L.C.
              
IAR
              
$0
              


Wrh Partners Global Securities Lp
              
IAR
              
$148,187,384
              


Wrh Partners Ii, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





William Robert Huff

Chief Investment Officer
      
July, 1994
      
75% or more
      


Cathy Jane Markey

Chief Compliance Officer
      
June, 2015
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. - Financial Services Firm, Stuart, Florida - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.





W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C. is a RIA based in Stuart, FL with $405M in AUM . William Robert Huff is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 1994.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Stuart, FL 




# OF EMPLOYEES
11


Total Assets
$405,159,794









Location
        



2100 NE Ocean Blvd


Stuart,
FL
34996


772-210-5871









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on March 24, 2017





$405.2M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






27

          
Accounts
          


$15.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





On The Green, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              


W.R. Huff Cm, LLC
              
IAR
              
$233,203,090
              


Wrh Energy Partners, L.L.C.
              
IAR
              
$0
              


Wrh Partners Global Securities Lp
              
IAR
              
$148,187,384
              


Wrh Partners Ii, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





William Robert Huff

Chief Investment Officer
      
July, 1994
      
75% or more
      


Cathy Jane Markey

Chief Compliance Officer
      
June, 2015
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































 


