



Hugh Johnson Advisors













Client Login







Building and Preserving Wealth 
			for Individual and Institutional Investors







 
Short Takes

by Dan Nolan





Cyber Security - How To Spot Phishing Emails
Archives





 
Hugh's Market Minute

by Hugh Johnson - Chairman & CIO





The Bull Market, Stock Prices and Earnings
Archives















Hugh Johnson Advisors - Who We Serve














Client Login





Who We Serve




Innovation through services - that's one step ahead.

Individual Investors
Many of our clients are individual investors. Our minimum account size is $500,000. We are problem solvers with a goal to make sure every individual investor that becomes a client reaches his/her financial goals. We want every client to be able to live the life they want to live and then some.
» Click here to learn about the services we provide for individual investors.

Institutional Investors & Nonprofits
Our key partners have experience on both sides of the nonprofit table, both as investment counsel and as trustees. We have deep experience helping nonprofits and solutions to their challenges. We are more than investment managers. We offer advice in other important aspects to nonprofit financial management.
» Click here to learn about the services we provide for institutional investors and nonprofits.












Hugh Johnson Advisors - Short Takes














Client Login





Insights & Commentary



« Go BackEliminating Capital Gains Taxes
September 27, 2016
by Daniel Nolan

We all like to see our assets appreciate in value, but we don't like to pay the taxes on the gain when we sell an asset. So let's discuss an often overlooked tax provision that could eliminate capital gains taxes. First, some ground rules:

You must differentiate between capital assets and all others. Capital assets, generally speaking, are assets you hold for investment like stocks, bonds and real estate. If you are unsure, consult your tax advisors.
Short –term gains are taxed at your ordinary income tax rate; they are assets held for one year or less.
Long-term gains are taxed at favorable rates; they are assets that you hold for MORE than one year.

Sorry, but we need to get just a touch technical here. The starting point in determining the amount of gain you will be taxed on is to figure out the tax basis of the asset. Basis is a technical tax term that roughly equates to the purchase price of an asset, with perhaps some adjustments. To keep this simple, we won't delve into what adjustments are made to purchase price, but you should consult your tax advisor before you sell a capital asset to be sure that you have figured the amount of gain correctly. The difference between the tax basis and the sales proceeds is either a capital gain or loss.
Now for the planning idea. It involves capital assets that you hold at your death. A provision in the tax law allows the capital gain to be eliminated if a capital asset is held in your estate at your death. This is accomplished by virtue of receiving a new tax basis in the asset equal to its date of death value. Let's say that you bought Apple stock at $50 per share. Let's also assume that you hold the shares until your death when they are worth $150 per share. You heirs will receive the stock with a new tax basis of $150, meaning that the $100 capital gain has been eliminated.
So, what should you be thinking about? Let's use your home as an example. If you own your home jointly, as many married couples do, one-half of the value is included in the estate of the first spouse to die. So, only one-half of the home gets a stepped-up basis at death. If instead, the first spouse to die owned the entire home, the surviving spouse would receive the home with a full basis step-up. That means a sale of the home at that point would produce no capital gains tax unless it is sold for a value higher than the date of death value. Of course, in most cases, it isn't certain which spouse will die first. However in some cases, due to age differences or illnesses, it might be more predictable.
Something else to think about is the ownership of securities with a very low tax basis, or said another way, a very large capital gain, that are held by elderly family members. If the securities are owned at death, they get a full tax basis step-up, eliminating all capital gain. You might want to think twice before selling securities with a large capital gain if the owner is infirm or elderly.
The reverse is true for assets that have fallen in value since they were purchased.  The provision that eliminates the gain at death also eliminates the loss at death.  So if you have an asset with a large capital loss, you may want to sell it before death in order to get the tax benefit of the loss. The primary tax benefit to a capital loss is that it offsets capital gains, but only those that are taken before death.
One wrinkle to consider – if you transfer the ownership of an asset within one year of the date of death, you don't get the step-up. The IRS assumes that it was done to avoid taxes. The ownership of assets at death have consequences well beyond capital gain tax planning, so you need to consult with your tax advisor and/or estate planning attorney before making any changes. But paying attention to asset ownership you could have significant tax savings for the family.
For informational purposes only.  Consult with your tax professional regarding your specific situation.












Hugh Johnson Advisors - Contact Us














Client Login





Contact





Address
Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC
				80 State Street
				4th Floor
				Albany, NY 12207


Phone/Fax
p. 518-641-6860
				f. 518-641-6856


Email
info@hjadvisors.com 














Hugh Johnson Advisors - Client Login














Client Login





Client Login



Client Login

Log in to your Fidelity account



Log in to your Charles Schwab account



Log in to your investment reporting from Hugh Johnson Advisors
 











Hugh Johnson Advisors - Retirement Plans














Client Login





Retirement Plans




"Many people aren't saving enough for their golden years. About 36% of workers have less than $1,000 in savings and investments, not counting their primary residence or defined benefits plans such as traditional pensions, and 60% of workers have less than $25,000."
				- Employee Benefit Research Institute and Greenwald & Associates





We have partnered with Greenbush Financial Group to offer Active(k), our solution to a smarter 401(k) product. Three factors  differentiate Active(k) from the traditional 401(k) product: 
Education
Employees have the opportunity to meet with a Certified Financial Planner to review their investment objectives  and structure a portfolio that is tailored to meet their long term goals in accordance with their risk tolerance. 
Costs
The Active(k) solution is cost effective when compared to other local and even national 401(k) and 403(b) providers. 
HJA sub-advised portfolios
Aside from a traditional menu of mutual funds and the ability to trade individual securities in a  self-directed account, participants also have the option to invest in three HJA actively managed portfolios, using the same  dynamic asset allocation strategy we use in our separately managed accounts. 




 












Hugh Johnson Advisors - Investment Strategies














Client Login





Investment Strategies




"When it comes to compounding, don't trust your intuition - you have no idea how powerful it is."
				- Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom

Core Balanced Portfolio with Individual Stocks
The Core Portfolio consists of individual common stocks and bonds. Like most of the portfolios we manage, we integrate a top-down approach to managing portfolios (asset allocation) with a bottom-up approach (individual stock and bond selection).  We will increase the percent of assets invested in equities when our disciplines tell us "times are good" and reduce the percent in equities when our disciplines tell us that "times are not as good". Preserving capital when times are not good is an important goal of our approach. We generally own about 40-50 individual stocks and a number of individual bonds. We diversify the stocks among the different market segments and only buy higher-quality issues. Both steps are designed to reduce the risk of the portfolio. Diversification is further enhanced by buying some mid-sized and small capitalization and some international equity positions.
Core Balanced Portfolio with Indexes
For clients that prefer to avoid the potential volatility of individual stocks we offer a series of portfolio strategies that only use indexes (Exchange-Traded Funds) rather than individual stocks and bonds. As with all Core Portfolios, we use a top-down approach (asset allocation). The risk of these portfolios is somewhat less than the risk associated with the Core Portfolio with Individual Stocks because greater diversification is built into the indexes. The fees that we charge are also lower.
Athena Dividend Strategy
Our Athena Dividend Strategy is an all-equity portfolio emphasizing lower portfolio volatility through dividend paying stocks including those with a global footprint. We look to purchase world class companies with a compelling margin of safety. These businesses generate excess cash that management can return to investors in the form of dividends. Unlike other dividend portfolios that focus mostly on income or yield, our higher than market dividend yield is a by-product of our investment process. The portfolio is well suited for clients with a long-term time horizon focused on absolute returns.
Fixed Income Portfolio with Investment Grade Bonds
The most important objectives for our fixed-income portfolios are: stability; above-benchmark returns; and avoiding negative returns in any given 12 month period. Our strategies are conservative because we use only investment grade bonds; we do not buy long-term bonds with higher "interest rate risk", and all fixed-income portfolios are well-diversified.
We actively manage our fixed-income portfolios. Our specialized  fixed-income team, with decades of experience, actively adjusts the Government bond-Corporate bond mix in the context of the business cycle stage. Our team adroitly exploits pricing distortions that may occur in times of emotional extremes.
High Yield Fixed Income Portfolio with Below Investment Grade (High Yield) Bonds
Our high yield fixed-income strategy is designed to deliver high yield/income from a portfolio of eight diversified higher yield, higher risk strategies which are structured using liquid marketable exchange-traded funds. The allocation to the eight strategies is adjusted in response to the changing environment.
Cash and Short-Term Fixed Income Management
The objectives of our cash and short-term investment management programs are: preservation of principal, liquidity, maximum yield, in that order of priority. Client portfolios are individually designed to match each client's unique circumstances. Portfolios are creative and effective solutions to client challenges. We always use competitive execution. Our fixed-income trader "shops" the major Broker/Dealers for the best deals. We provide client reporting that is both timely and  flexible.









Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC | Wealthminder











































Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC


Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC
(CRD# 133395) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Albany, NY.
They
manage $1,222,823,674 in 478 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 12 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC




80 State Street, 4th Floor,
Albany,
NY
12207
518-641-6860
http://www.hjadvisors.com




http://www.hjadvisors.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,223
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

478
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$2,558,209







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Publication of periodicals or newsletters
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, FL, GA, MA, ME, NH, NJ, NY, RI, TX, VT






Financial Advisors at Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Robert T. Hennes



CRD#:
833753



677 Broadway,
Albany,
NY
12207




93

Wealthminder
score








Robert Hennes (CRD# 833753) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC in Albany, NY and has 
over 33 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Hugh Johnson Advisors - Our Team

















Client Login





Our Team



 

 Hugh Johnson
Partner
				Hugh is the Chairman, Chief Investment Officer and a member of the Investment Strategy Committee. Hugh's work on the U.S. economy and financial markets guides the firm's investment strategy. He joined First Albany Corporation in 1978 after serving as Executive Vice President of Hugh Johnson & Company, Inc. Hugh has more than 40 years of investment experience.

Hugh is an economic advisor to the Chairman of the State of New York State Assembly Committee on Ways and Means, an adjunct professor at Union-Clarkson Graduate College, a former member of the New York Stock Exchange, a former member of the Executive Committee of the Democratic National Finance Council, and served as a member of the New York State Comptroller's Management Review Commission (transition team). Hugh has been appointed to the Investment Advisory Committee of the New York State Common Retirement Fund. Hugh serves on the boards of Security Mutual Insurance Company and New York Business Development Corp.
Hugh holds a bachelor's degree from Dartmouth College and studied for a doctorate at New York University and has received two degrees of Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters.

 Daniel P. Nolan, JD
Partner
				Dan is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Hugh Johnson Advisors and serves as a member of the Investment Strategy Committee. Dan spent 28 years as a partner at the Ayco Company, L.P. providing tax, investment and financial planning advice to Ayco's highest net worth clients. He founded and led the firm's Special Investment Group, creating venture capital, private equity and hedge fund opportunities for the firm's clients.

Dan spent three years as Senior Vice President, Strategic Alliance at Goldman Sachs integrating Ayco into Goldman's Private Wealth Management practice following the sale of Ayco to Goldman Sachs. Dan has over 35 years of investment experience.
He serves as Board Chair for Albany Law School and is a trustee of both The College of Saint Rose and the Center for Disability Services Endowment Board. He is also a director of Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.
Dan received his undergraduate degree in Finance from the University of Albany and his JD from Albany Law School.

 Robert T. Hennes, CFP®
Partner
				Bob is a Managing Director of Hugh Johnson Advisors and a member of the Investment Strategy Committee. Bob has primary responsibility for client relationships as well as managing balanced and fixed income portfolios. Previously Bob served as Executive Vice President and Director of Dollar Dry Dock Bank and as President of the Investors Preference Mutual Funds. Bob was previously Senior Vice President of Shearson Lehman Brothers. Bob has 40 years of investment experience.

Bob serves as Chairman of the Social Enterprise and Training Center, is a board member of the Community Foundation of the Greater Capital Region, and Vice President of the Warren Washington Albany Counties ARC Foundation Board.
Bob earned his Bachelor degree from the University of Pennsylvania and Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the Stern School at New York University.

 Andrew W. Halliday, JD
Managing Director
				Andrew is a Managing Director of Hugh Johnson Advisors and is a member of the Investment Strategy Committee.  Andrew joined the firm in 2016 and leads our efforts in providing wealth management advice to our clients and new business development for the firm.

Previously Andrew was the President and Chairman of a Halliday Financial where he led efforts to substantially grow the firm's geographic footprint, wealth management, financial planning, tax planning and investment banking programs.  He was also a founding partner in Halliday & Gorman, a law firm that provided estate planning, estate administration, and trust counseling to its clients.
Andrew serves as the Treasurer of the Tech Valley High School Foundation board and Vice Chairman of the Northern Rivers Family Services Board.  He is a member of YPO (Young Presidents Organization) and serves as the Learning Officer for the global Financial Services Network of YPO.
Andrew received his BA in English from Colgate University in 1991 and his Juris Doctor from Syracuse University College of Law in 1994.

 Dianne McKnight
Partner
				Dianne is Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Hugh Johnson Advisors and is a member of the Investment Strategy Committee. As Chief Administrative Officer, Dianne directs compliance, trading, and administrative services for clients. Dianne joined Hugh Johnson Advisors in 2000.

Previously Dianne was the Regional Compliance Officer for M & T Securities Inc., and, prior to that, held positions as Senior Trader and Operations Manager for Key Investments Inc. Dianne has over 35 years of experience in the securities industry.

 Charles Brown, CFA
Partner
				Charlie is a Vice President of Hugh Johnson Advisors and a member of the Investment Strategy Committee. Charlie joined the firm in 1996 and leads the team that researches and recommends stocks for client portfolios. His research encompasses both quantitative and qualitative analysis. Charlie is also the founder of the firm's Athena Dividend Strategy. Charlie has over 20 years of investment experience.

He is an advisory board member for the Lally School of Management at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Charlie graduated cum laude from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a bachelor's degree in mathematics and an MBA in finance. Charlie has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.

 Kim Saba
Partner
				Kim is a Vice President of Hugh Johnson Advisors and member of the Investment Strategy Committee. Previously, Kim was Assistant Vice President at Dollar Dry Dock Bank in White Plains, NY where she worked in the Capital Markets Division as Liquidity Manager responsible for managing the Bank's $1 billion short-term cash portfolio. Kim is currently responsible for fixed income trading and managing fixed income portfolios. Kim has over 30 years of investment experience.

Kim holds a B.S. in Economics and earned her MBA in Finance from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.

 Rozanne Summerson
Partner
				Rozanne is a Vice President of Hugh Johnson Advisors having joined Hugh Johnson Advisors in 1996. She is responsible for the administration and performance reporting for the consulting relationships of Hugh Johnson Advisors. Rozanne also has responsibilities for trading, operations and performance reporting. Rozanne has over 25 years of investment experience.

Previously, Rozanne served as a trader at Oppenheimer Capital. She holds a bachelor's degree in Marketing and Management from Siena College.

 Crystalyn Ye
Analyst
				Crystalyn is a research analyst having joined Hugh Johnson Advisors in 2015. Crystalyn is a member of the Investment Strategy Committee. She has experience in economic modeling, data analysis, programming, and risk management. She has been active in technical analysis for her entire career. Crystalyn is a Chinese citizen and has assisted in advancing the firm's knowledge and understanding of international markets.

Crystalyn is responsible for assisting in the development of investment strategy, equity research, investment risk analysis, trading and improving the firm's technology resources.
Crystalyn earned her undergraduate degree in Statistics. She holds a master's degree in Quantitative Finance and Risk Analytics from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.

 Candice Weyand
Executive Assistant
				Candice is an Executive Assistant having joined Hugh Johnson Advisors in 2013. She brings more than 30 years of administrative and executive support experience to our firm. Previously she has worked in the manufacturing industry in several administrative positions including Office of the Chairman/CEO, Human Resources, Engineering, Sales/Marketing, Accounting and Finance, and Supply Chain.

Candice currently supports the Chairman/CIO and the President/CEO as well as assists the rest of the management team in all aspects of our operations, administration, and client services.











Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback































hugh johnson advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC operates as an investment advisory company. The Company offers wealth management, retirement plans, bonds, investment strategies, financial planning, consulting, and advisory services. Hugh Johnson Advisors serves customers in the State of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

80 State Street
4th Floor
Albany, NY 12207
United States


Phone:
1-518-641-6860


Fax:
1-518-641-6856


Web url:
www.hjadvisors.com





Board Members




Chairman/Partner/CIO
Company


Hugh Johnson
Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Hugh A Johnson


Chairman/Partner/CIO




Daniel P Nolan "Dan"


President/CEO/Partner




Andrew Halliday


Managing Director




Robert T Hennes


Partner/Managing Director




Dianne McKnight


VP/Partner/CAO




Rozanne M Summerson


VP/Partner




Charles Brown "Charlie"


VP/Partner




Kim Saba


VP/Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































﻿

























Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC Has $4.47 Million Stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for The Travelers Companies Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Travelers Companies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Receives $53.02 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Analysts Set MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MKTX) Price Target at $186.50
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:PNC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts
Analysts Set Royal Dutch Shell PLC (NYSE:RDS.A) PT at $57.44
Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRZO) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.25 Per Share
Cabela’s Inc (NYSE:CAB) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $911.80 Million
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate ProAssurance Corporation (NYSE:PRA) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $213.35 Million
PVH Corp. (NYSE:PVH) Receives $122.06 Average Price Target from Brokerages
Brokerages Set Airgain, Inc. (NASDAQ:AIRG) PT at $18.90
DexCom, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages
Brokerages Set Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Target Price at $18.44
Analysts Set Diebold, Incorporated (DBD) PT at $35.40
Reading International Inc (RDI) Given $26.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages
Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Acuity Brands (NYSE:AYI) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:RNR) Receives $136.95 Average Price Target from Brokerages
FuelCell Energy (NASDAQ:FCEL) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows
Ngl Energy Partners Lp (NYSE:NGL) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.35 Per Share
Zacks: Brokerages Expect XO Group, Inc. (NYSE:XOXO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.10 Per Share
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Stock Price


 


Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC Has $4.47 Million Stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC cut its stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) by 1.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 37,059 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 449 shares during the period. The Travelers Companies accounts for 1.5% of Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 26th largest position. Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC’s holdings in The Travelers Companies were worth $4,467,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. First Personal Financial Services boosted its stake in shares of The Travelers Companies by 133.3% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 889 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 508 shares during the period. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of The Travelers Companies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $109,000. Bartlett & Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of The Travelers Companies by 30.0% in the first quarter. Bartlett & Co. LLC now owns 1,399 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 323 shares during the period. Community Bank N.A. boosted its stake in shares of The Travelers Companies by 39.0% in the first quarter. Community Bank N.A. now owns 1,425 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Finally, Clean Yield Group acquired a new stake in shares of The Travelers Companies during the first quarter valued at approximately $176,000. 77.92% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) traded up 0.74% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $126.46. The stock had a trading volume of 1,324,127 shares. The Travelers Companies, Inc. has a 12-month low of $103.45 and a 12-month high of $129.60. The company has a market capitalization of $35.33 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.44 and a beta of 1.21. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $126.45 and a 200 day moving average price of $122.03. 


 Get The Travelers Companies Inc. alerts:



The Travelers Companies (NYSE:TRV) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The insurance provider reported $2.16 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.40 by $0.24. The firm had revenue of $6.18 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.25 billion. The Travelers Companies had a net margin of 10.55% and a return on equity of 12.01%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $2.33 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that The Travelers Companies, Inc. will post $9.19 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th were issued a $0.72 dividend. This represents a $2.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.28%. This is a boost from The Travelers Companies’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, June 7th. The Travelers Companies’s dividend payout ratio is presently 28.40%. 
The Travelers Companies declared that its board has authorized a stock buyback plan on Thursday, April 20th that authorizes the company to repurchase $5.00 billion in outstanding shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the insurance provider to repurchase shares of its stock through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are generally an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
WARNING: “Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC Has $4.47 Million Stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV)” was published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/hugh-johnson-advisors-llc-reduces-position-in-the-travelers-companies-inc-nysetrv-updated-updated.html. 
Several analysts have recently commented on the company. Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on The Travelers Companies from $140.00 to $150.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. BidaskClub lowered The Travelers Companies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “underweight” rating and set a $119.00 price objective (up from $112.00) on shares of The Travelers Companies in a report on Friday, July 7th. Vetr upgraded The Travelers Companies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $132.68 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, July 3rd. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of The Travelers Companies in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $123.47.
In other news, EVP Andy F. Bessette sold 9,379 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $121.60, for a total value of $1,140,486.40. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 14,420 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,753,472. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman William H. Heyman sold 7,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $123.48, for a total transaction of $864,360.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 246,744 shares in the company, valued at $30,467,949.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 190,264 shares of company stock worth $23,233,448. 0.82% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About The Travelers Companies
The Travelers Companies, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Business and International Insurance; Bond & Specialty Insurance, and Personal Insurance. Through its subsidiaries, it provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products and services. The Business and International Insurance segment offers property and casualty insurance and insurance related services to its clients, in the United States and in Canada, as well as in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Brazil and throughout other parts of the world. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for The Travelers Companies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Travelers Companies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 11:06 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals and institutional clients, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations and other businesses, and state or municipal government entities. It manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets of United States. It also invests in mutual funds and exchange traded funds. The firm invests in core stocks of small-cap and mid-cap companies to create its equity portfolio. For fixed income, it invests in investment-grade and intermediate-term bonds...
Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals and institutional clients, high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations and other businesses, and state or municipal government entities. It manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets of United States. It also invests in mutual funds and exchange traded funds. The firm invests in core stocks of small-cap and mid-cap companies to create its equity portfolio. For fixed income, it invests in investment-grade and intermediate-term bonds. The firm employs a combination of fundamental, technical, quantitative, and qualitative analysis with top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It conducts external research to complement its in-house research. The firm was formerly known as Johnson Illington Advisors LLC. Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC was founded in 1991 and is based in Albany, New York.
Detailed Description


80 State Street4th FloorAlbany, NY 12207United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 518-641-6860

Fax: 518-641-6856

www.hjadvisors.com







Key Executives for Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC




Mr. Daniel Paul Nolan


      	President and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 64
        







Dr. Hugh Albert Johnson Jr.


      	Chief Investment Officer, Partner and Chairman
      


Age: 76
        







Ms. Dianne C. McKnight


      	Partner, Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
      








Mr. Robert Taft Hennes Jr.


      	Managing Director of Investments
      








Mr. Andrew Halliday J.D.


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hugh Johnson Advisors LLC, please visit www.hjadvisors.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































 






Hugh Johnson | Financial Advisor in Spring, Texas








 








 






  bsxxdysaabcyextdse






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					Hugh Johnson				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationMoreDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








Hugh Johnson



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Hugh Johnson Spring, Texas

 






Capital One AdvisorsDual-Licensed (Investment Advisor and Broker)14 years of experience3 exams passed1 disclosure  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewHugh C. Johnson is a financial advisor employed by Capital One Advisors in Spring, Texas. With over 14 years of experience and 3 exams passed, Hugh maintains the following registrations:Investment AdvisorHugh is registered with the SEC as an Investment Advisor, which is defined as someone who is paid to provide advice about securities. Investment advisors can also be paid to manage investment portfolios or offer financial planning services. Other terms commonly used for investment advisors include Investment Advisor Representative (IAR) and Registered Investment Advisor (RIA).BrokerMr. Johnson is also registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).
Advisor data current as of May 15, 2017
Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:4647079Types of fees charged:Percentage of AssetsHourly ChargesCommissionsFee OnlyAdvisory services offered:Financial PlanningPortfolio Management for IndividualsPortfolio Management for Businesses/InstitutionalPension ConsultingSecurities Portfolio ManagementSelection of Other AdvisorsWrap Fee ProgramIndependent Contractor:NoState RegistrationsFinancial advisors must register with each state in which they conduct business. Below is a record of each state where Hugh Johnson maintains an active registration.View a sortable list of all financial advisors located in:Texas (48,769 advisors)Spring  (263 advisors)

Click here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent FirmCapital One Advisors, LLC (CRD #136865)total assets under management$8.1M United States Dollarstotal number of employees681total number of accounts204average account balance$39,720 United States DollarsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With $8,102,913 USD in AUM, Capital One Advisors is relatively small compared to other firms in our database. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM below $100 Million.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017 

Firm MetricsCapital One AdvisorsFirm CRD# 136865

Investment Adviser Representatives
350


Broker-dealer Registered Reps
541


Licensed Insurance Agents
275


Number of Clients
10,100
Much more information about Capital One Advisors can be found on Credio's Investment Advisors website.Research Investment Advisors  >>Types of Clients Served



IndividualsHigh Net Worth IndividualsPension and Profit Sharing PlansCharitiesCorporations or Other BusinessesFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name38 percent5.5 percent63 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent136865







Work History

FirmLocationStart DateEnd DateIDIndividual CRD #Capital One InvestingSeattle, WANovember 2015ScottradeHouston, TXJuly 2014November 2015Scottrade, Inc.Houston, TXJuly 2014Bank Of America, N.AHouston, TXOctober 2013Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith IncorporatedHouston, TXSeptember 2013Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLCSugar Land, TXOctober 2011August 2013UnemployedHouston, TXJune 2011September 2011Valic Financial AdvisorsHouston, TXMay 2011September 2011UnemployedHouston, TXFebruary 2011April 2011TD AmeritradeHouston, TXMarch 2007January 2011

Other AdvisorsAdvisors at Capital One AdvisorsAdvisors in SpringAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at Capital One Advisors



Above is a partial list of advisors working at Capital One Advisors. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,207 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at Capital One Advisors, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  Capital One Advisors >>Advisors in Spring



See all Advisors in  Spring >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >>bsxxdysaabcyextdse 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor Certification

Exam CodeName And TypeExam DateGradeIDIndividual CRD #Series 65Uniform Investment Adviser Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawAugust 4, 2004PassedSeries 65Uniform Investment Adviser Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawJuly 2, 2004FailedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawJune 26, 2003PassedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawMay 22, 2003FailedSeries 7General Securities Representative Examination
General Industry/ProductMay 12, 2003Passed

More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website.See all  Financial Exams  >> 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.According to information obtained from FINRA, Hugh Johnson has at least one reported disclosure event.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#4647079) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.Disclosure Details


 
To view premium content click here to login or register for free.



Total Disclosures: 11 Customer Dispute
View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >> 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationHugh Johnson - Spring, Texas



Address
1700 Louetta Road12th FloorSpring,  Texas 77388United States





Main Phone
(800) 343-3548
 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,207 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in Spring, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in Spring  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>Data updated on May 15, 2017 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 





Johnson Illington Advisors













































Accessibility help
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer




Subscribe to the FT








Sign In


Subscribe








Menu


Search




Financial Times





myFT









Search the FT


										Search
									

Close












Menu


Search







Home


World


US


Companies


Markets


Opinion


Work & Careers


Life & Arts





Financial Times







																	Sign In
																



																	Subscribe
																










Search the FT


										Search
									

Close













						Johnson Illington Advisors
					



Add to myFT

















												Add to myFT Digest

Add this topic to your myFT Digest for news straight to your inbox



															Add to myFT Digest
											
















Thursday, 14 September, 2006








																						Front page
																					



																				Wall Street dips on fears over inflation
																			


Thursday, 14 September, 2006



Save










Monday, 21 August, 2006








																						Front page
																					



																				Wall St falls on rising oil and Iran fears
																			


Monday, 21 August, 2006



Save










Thursday, 11 May, 2006








																						Front page
																					



																				Wall Street slides amid heavy tech sell-off
																			


Thursday, 11 May, 2006



Save





























Promoted Content













Previous


								You are on page 1


Next


















Close


Financial Times

International Edition



Search the FT


Search
























Hugh Johnson Advisors













Client Login







Building and Preserving Wealth 
			for Individual and Institutional Investors







 
Short Takes

by Dan Nolan





Cyber Security - How To Spot Phishing Emails
Archives





 
Hugh's Market Minute

by Hugh Johnson - Chairman & CIO





The Bull Market, Stock Prices and Earnings
Archives























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


