

	HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY Trademark of Human Condition Safety Inc.. Serial Number: 86563577 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY










 
Get FREE email alerts













HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY  Trademark Information
 Human Condition Safety Inc.
A safety management system comprised of electronic devices worn by personnel at construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industry sites that transmit data to central processing facilities that use artificial intelligence analysis in order to monitor site worker safety, generate and deliver automated safety alerts, predicts hazards, and manage compliance with site safety plans
Development and dissemination of written educational materials for others in the field of construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industries for site safety; educational services, namely, conducting classes, seminars, conferences, and workshops in the field of site safety; Production of multimedia programs in the field of site safety delivered by television, internet, video and electronic communications media
Safety auditing services at construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industry sites; Software as a service (SAAS) services featuring artificial intelligence software for use in building information modeling simulations for generating construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industry site safety plans; Software as a service (SAAS) services featuring artificial intelligence software for...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Education and Entertainment Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
safety   management   comprised   electronic   devices   worn   personnel   construction      oil   gas      mining      conventions      trade   shows      industry   sites   transmit   data   central   processing   facilities    
                                    




This is a brand page for the HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark by Human Condition Safety Inc. 
                                in New York, NY, 10006.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Human Condition Safety Inc. of the HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark.
                           






On Friday, March 13, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY by 
                        Human Condition Safety Inc., New York, NY  10006.
                        The USPTO has given the HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY 
                        trademark serial  number of  86563577.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY is 
                        
                        
                                            ARNIE HERZ of 
                                            Arnie Herz Attorney At Law,  14 Vanderventer Ave Ste 255, Port Washington, NY 11050-3777 
                                .
                            The HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY 
                            is A safety management system comprised of electronic devices worn by personnel at construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industry sites that transmit data to central processing facilities that use artificial intelligence analysis in order to monitor site worker safety, generate and deliver automated safety alerts, predicts hazards, and manage compliance with site safety plans. 
                            





Word mark:
 HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

6/5/2017

Estimated Response Deadline: 8/5/2017Trademark abandoned, Revive today!




  Serial Number:  
86563577


  Filing Date:  
3/13/2015


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
A safety management system comprised of electronic devices worn by personnel at construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industry sites that transmit data to central processing facilities that use artificial intelligence analysis in order to monitor site worker safety, generate and deliver automated safety alerts, predicts hazards, and manage compliance with site safety plans


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/8/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Human Condition Safety Inc.New York, NY  10006
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("SAFETY")


 Correspondent:


ARNIE HERZ
Arnie Herz Attorney At Law
14 Vanderventer Ave Ste 255
Port Washington, NY 11050-3777






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/5/2017
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ARNIE HERZ


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search humanconditionsafety on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY 




HUMAN CONDITION SAFETY is providing A safety management system comprised of electronic devices worn by personnel at construction, oil and gas, mining, conventions, trade shows, and other industry sites that transmit data to central processing facilities that use artificial intelligence analysis in order to monitor site worker safety, generate and deliver automated safety alerts, predicts hazards, and manage compliance with site safety plans.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



AIG Makes Strategic Investment in Human Condition Safety, a Workplace Wearables Startup | Business Wire
























































AIG Makes Strategic Investment in Human Condition Safety, a Workplace 
      Wearables Startup






January 06, 2016 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) today announced a 
      strategic investment in Human Condition Safety (HCS), an early-stage 
      technology startup company developing wearable devices, analytics, and 
      systems to improve worker safety. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
    


      AIG Commercial Insurance CEO Rob Schimek will discuss the HCS investment 
      at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Friday, 
      January 8, 2016, as part of a broader conversation about the Internet of 
      Things and the potential for disruptive innovations to make the world a 
      safer place.
    

      Human Condition Safety is creating tools that help workers, their 
      managers, and worksite owners prevent injuries before they happen. 
      Incorporating wearable devices, artificial intelligence, building 
      information modeling, and cloud computing, the product and service 
      offering is designed for industries that hold the highest risk for 
      workers, including manufacturing, energy, warehousing and distribution, 
      and construction.
    

      “AIG’s embrace of innovative, disruptive technologies is opening new 
      ways for us to strategically partner with our clients,” said Mr. 
      Schimek. “In this case, the technology from HCS will help enable us to 
      work with clients to make their worksites safer places for their 
      employees and help reduce our clients’ overall cost of risk. We will 
      continue to look for more opportunities with firms like HCS that set the 
      pace for mitigating and managing risks in ways unthinkable just a few 
      years ago.”
    

      In collaboration with key strategic partners including AIG, HCS is 
      conducting a set of pilots to demonstrate how its proprietary technology 
      creates measureable improvements to reduce the frequency and severity of 
      work-related injuries.
    

      Peter E. Raymond, CEO of HCS, said, “It’s not acceptable that we can 
      push a button and have anything in the world delivered to our doorstep, 
      but that people can still get hurt and even die needlessly when they go 
      to work. With HCS tools, we leverage technology to keep people healthy 
      and safe.”
    

      HCS is AIG’s latest investment in technology that supports data driven 
      approaches to partner with clients as they manage increasingly complex 
      risks. It follows an initial $4 million investment with Clemson 
      University to develop a risk engineering and analytics center to enhance 
      the understanding of risk and ways to mitigate it, as well as a 
      substantial investment in the build out of AIG’s global risk engineering 
      capabilities.
    

      For more information, visit: www.aig.com/innovativetech.
    

About Human Condition Safety


      Human Condition Safety (HCS) is a spin-out of Human Condition Labs, a 
      research and development lab that uses technology to create solutions 
      that have substantial and positive social impact. HCS’s 
      technology--including wearable devices, artificial intelligence, 
      building information modeling and cloud computing--creates an ecosystem 
      that keeps workers safer in the industries in which they face the most 
      physical risk.
    

      American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance 
      organization serving customers in more than 100 countries and 
      jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional, and 
      individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide 
      property-casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies 
      are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the 
      United States. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
      and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
    

      Additional information about AIG can be found at www.aig.com 
      | YouTube: www.youtube.com/aig 
      | Twitter: @AIGinsurance | LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/aig


      AIG is the marketing name for the worldwide property-casualty, life and 
      retirement, and general insurance operations of American International 
      Group, Inc. For additional information, please visit our website at www.aig.com. 
      All products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries or 
      affiliates of American International Group, Inc. Products or services 
      may not be available in all countries, and coverage is subject to actual 
      policy language. Non-insurance products and services may be provided by 
      independent third parties. Certain property-casualty coverages may be 
      provided by a surplus lines insurer. Surplus lines insurers do not 
      generally participate in state guaranty funds, and insureds are 
      therefore not protected by such funds.
    


Contacts

      American International Group, Inc.Media:Matt Gallagher, 
      212-458-3247matthew.gallagher2@aig.comorInvestors:Liz 
      Werner, 212-770-7074elizabeth.werner@aig.com


















Contacts

      American International Group, Inc.Media:Matt Gallagher, 
      212-458-3247matthew.gallagher2@aig.comorInvestors:Liz 
      Werner, 212-770-7074elizabeth.werner@aig.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Human Condition Safety



























































     



We help employers and workers maintain the safest job sites in the world by using technology to reduce preventable injuries and deaths IN PARTNERSHIP WITH 















  







Wearable TechnologyWearable technology is not just for sports and fitness. Our advanced fused sensor technology disappears into traditional safety clothing and allows workers and employers to run the safest job sites possible and develop deep insights about safety, efficiency and future projects.







Artificial IntelligenceWe develop software that learns from past events and can identify safety issues in real-time as well as predicting future events. What can be prevented right now, and what can be prevented in the future?







BIM IntegrationWe use building information modeling (BIM) to bring the virtual and physical world together. As an Autodesk development partner we tightly integrate with existing BIM workflows.CLIENTS




















































Contact Us — Human Condition Safety


























































CONTACT  US

















Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



I am... *
please select one

A Press Person
A Potential Investor
A Potential Partner
Interested in your technology
Interested in your pilot programs
Other



Tell us why you're reaching out: *






Thank you!

























What We Do — Human Condition Safety


























































WHAT WE DO



Human Condition Safety (HCS) is creating a suite of tools that helps workers and their managers prevent injuries before they happen. Incorporating wearable devices, artificial intelligence, building information modeling and cloud computing, the product suite is designed for the industries that hold the highest risk for workers, including manufacturing, energy, warehousing and distribution, and construction.HCS has previously conducted a number of pilots, including our demos at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center and Citi Field ballpark, showcasing how HCS’s technology creates measureable improvements in reducing the frequency and severity of work-related injuries. HCS is now deploying our products to industry leaders in the construction, manufacturing, distribution, and heavy industrial sectors. We are currently working with world class clients including TrueBlue, Turner, DPR, and Bechtel. 




















Who We Are — Human Condition Safety


























































WHO WE ARE



HCS’s technology--including wearable devices, artificial intelligence, building information modeling and cloud computing--creates an ecosystem that keeps workers safer in the industries in which they face the most physical risk.




















What We Do — Human Condition Safety


























































WHAT WE DO



Human Condition Safety (HCS) is creating a suite of tools that helps workers and their managers prevent injuries before they happen. Incorporating wearable devices, artificial intelligence, building information modeling and cloud computing, the product suite is designed for the industries that hold the highest risk for workers, including manufacturing, energy, warehousing and distribution, and construction.HCS has previously conducted a number of pilots, including our demos at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center and Citi Field ballpark, showcasing how HCS’s technology creates measureable improvements in reducing the frequency and severity of work-related injuries. HCS is now deploying our products to industry leaders in the construction, manufacturing, distribution, and heavy industrial sectors. We are currently working with world class clients including TrueBlue, Turner, DPR, and Bechtel. 




















Investor Relations — Human Condition Safety


























































INVESTOR  RELATIONS



 





Password






Your password is not valid. Please try again.




 















Human Condition Safety Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























human condition safety inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software





Corporate Information
Address:

222 Broadway
Fl 21
New York, NY 10007
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman
Company




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Human Condition Safety, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 12:50 AM ET
Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals

Company Overview of Human Condition Safety, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Human Condition Safety, Inc. develops wearable devices, artificial intelligence, building information modeling, and cloud computing solutions that assists workers and their managers prevent injuries before they happen at their workplace. Human Condition Safety, Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is based in New York, New York.


222 Broadway Street21st FloorNew York, NY 10038United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 646-867-0644

www.hcsafety.com







Key Executives for Human Condition Safety, Inc.




Mr. Greg Wolyniec


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Mr. Oliver Rothauser


      	Chief Strategy Officer
      








 Gary Foreman


      	Chief Technology Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Human Condition Safety, Inc. Key Developments

Human Condition Safety Announces Executive Changes
Nov 15 16
Human Condition Safety announced the appointment of a new management team to lead the organization into a new phase of growth. New appointments include Greg Wolyniec as president and CEO, Gary Foreman as CTO, and Adam Bellin as business development lead. Additionally, Alexander R. Baugh, president of liability and financial lines at American International Group, Inc. will serve as chairman of HC Safety's board of directors and Robert Voreyer, managing director of Spencer Holt Advisors, has been appointed a director of the board. These appointments mark the achievement of an operating milestone for HC Safety as it transitions from a rapid R&D and proof of concept development organization to one focused on commercialization and deployment of products and services. The company has seen great success with pilot programs for modular and integrated products, including wearable sensor-enabled telemetry and location services, virtual reality training, safety simulation modeling, and predictive analytics for risk mitigation. Mr. Wolyniec was most recently head of commercial insurance strategy and innovation at AIG and has over a decade of experience restructuring and positioning organizations for success in the market. As part of this transition, two of HC Safety's founders and former executives, Peter E. Raymond and Oliver Rothauser, have left to incubate new ventures.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Beyond, Inc. United States 14 South Networks Inc. United States 365 Retail Markets, LLC United States 3ality, Inc. United States 3D Digital Corp. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 22, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Human Condition Safety, Inc., please visit www.hcsafety.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























