



DAVID RAFES, INC. v. HUML | No. 01-08-00856-CV. | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
DAVID RAFES, INC. v. HUML



					 
				




								DAVID RAFES, INC. v. HUML
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 01-08-00856-CV.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






DAVID RAFES, INC., Appellant,
v.
MICHAEL HUML AND SLOWBOY RACING, INC., Appellees.


Court of Appeals of Texas, First District, Houston.
Opinion issued October 29, 2009.









MEMORANDUM OPINION
TERRY JENNINGS, Justice.
Appellant, David Rafes, Inc., challenges the trial court's judgment entered, after a bench trial, in favor of appellees, Michael Huml and Slowboy Racing, Inc., in Rafes's suit against Huml and Slowboy for defamation and tortious interference with prospective business relationships. In three issues, Rafes contends that the trial court erred in not filing findings of fact and conclusions of law, the take-nothing judgment entered against it is against the great weight and preponderance of the evidence, and the evidence is legally and factually insufficient to support a finding in favor of Huml and Slowboy on their "defensive theories."
We affirm.
Factual and Procedural Background
In its petition, Rafes, doing business as Turbochargers.com, alleged that, on February 23, 2005, Huml and Slowboy published defamatory statements in an internet article regarding Rafes and the quality of a turbocharger produced and sold by Rafes. Rafes asserted that, in stating that Rafes's turbocharger was inferior, the internet article was defamatory. Rafes challenged, as false or unsubstantiated, Huml and Slowboy's claims that Rafes had misled consumers regarding the genuineness of the turbocharger, Rafes's turbocharger was a "poorly manufactured turbo from China" that would "inevitably fail in a short amount of time," the turbocharger was a "Chinese version us[ing] an inferior stainless in its composition," and the turbocharger was composed of metal, or "some type of powdered metal," that would "not hold up to the heat and abuse" typically encountered by turbochargers. Rafes also asserted that the internet article contained pictures that purported to depict its turbocharger, but that actually depicted a turbocharger made by another entity. Rafes complained that Huml and Slowboy implied that scientific testing had been performed on the turbocharger when in fact no testing had been performed. Noting that the internet article was published for viewing by the general public, competitor businesses, and Rafes's past, present, and future customers, Rafes alleged that Huml and Slowboy published the defamatory statements with negligence and malice. Alleging that the defamatory statements injured Rafes's reputation and business, it sought actual damages, past and future lost profits, damages for injury to the business reputation and goodwill, and exemplary damages.
In their answer, Huml and Slowboy asserted multiple affirmative defenses, including immunity, substantial truth, consent, and qualified privilege. Huml and Slowboy asserted that Rafes was "libel-proof" and that Rafes's claims were barred by its "criminal acts." Huml and Slowboy also made counterclaims against Rafes for violations of the Lanham Act.
On February 19 and 20, 2007, the trial court conducted a bench trial. Rafes presented the testimony of David Rafes, the owner of Rafes, Thomas Mabrey, an employee of Rafes, Randall King, an expert witness who evaluated the turbocharger and the internet article and testified regarding the accuracy of the statements made in the internet article, and Kenneth Lehrer, an expert who testified regarding Rafes's damages. Huml and Slowboy presented the testimony of Huml, president of Slowboy and author of the internet article, and Andrew Johnston, an expert on turbochargers, who testified regarding the turbocharger and the statements made in the internet article.
At the conclusion of the bench trial, the trial court noted that it was making "some preliminary findings of fact," and although it "seemed" that some "inaccurate statements" were made in the internet article, "other statements [were] true or arguably true." The trial court then stated,
From the plaintiff's witnesses or witness, we have some concessions that there was something wrong . . . with the turbocharger, just not anything that Mr. Huml or that the defendants said was wrong with it. I heard that statement. That goes not to whether or not the plaintiff was slandered, but the extent of the defendant's damages because this was a bad product for reasons not known to Mr. Huml, never known to him. But if the product would have failed anyway, that goes to future damages for sure and to some extent to past damages to the extent to which warranty claims could have eaten up profits . . .
At least preliminarily where I am at is there was some accurate statements made in [the internet article] and some inaccurate statements made. The extent to which if only the inaccurate statements have been made would it have still hurt sales and even to the extent to which it did, the extent to which the plaintiff has been damaged. Those are my preliminary findings.
Following some additional discussion, the trial court stated that it had some unresolved questions about the "law of business disparagement" and the damages issue. The trial court then noted that the turbocharger "was a bad product that would have failed anyway but not for any reason [Huml] noted or was aware of." After Rafes's counsel quoted the legal definition of defamation, and contended that the article had damaged Rafes's reputation, the trial court explained,
. . . But the other problems with the turbocharger in question go to damages. If it was a bad product, your client wouldn't have made a lot of money—causation of damages, if your client wouldn't have made a lot of money from it anyway because as word got out it was in bad product if it had—it could have led to—the manufacturing problems that developed down the line would have cut severely into damages, true?
After Rafes's counsel disputed whether there was any evidence that the turbocharger was a "bad product," the trial court replied, "Well, it is there. Trust me." The court then told the parties that they had the trial court's "findings" and that it would "come up with a damage figure" if it found "an award of damages [was] appropriate."
Both parties filed post-trial briefs regarding their claims, counterclaims, and affirmative defenses and their proposed judgments, findings of fact, and conclusions of law. In their briefing, both parties challenged the trial court's "preliminary" findings, and Huml and Slowboy emphasized, among other things, the evidence that supported their affirmative defense of substantial truth. Over one year later, on July 22, 2008, the trial court signed a final judgment, ordering that the parties take nothing on their claims and counterclaims. On August 11, 2008, Rafes filed a request for findings of fact and conclusions of law. See Tex. R. Civ. P. 296. On September 11, 2008, Rafes filed a notice of past due findings of fact and conclusions of law. See Tex. R. Civ. P. 297. The trial court did not enter findings of fact and conclusions of law.
Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law
In its first issue, Rafes argues that the trial court erred in not filing the requested findings of fact and conclusions of law because the trial court was required to do so. See id. In response, Huml and Slowboy assert that the trial court made implicit findings and argue, alternatively, that the trial court's failure to file findings of fact and conclusions of law did not harm Rafes because "the facts in this case are not in dispute."1
Here, Rafes timely filed its request for findings of fact and conclusions of law within twenty days after the judgment was signed. See Tex. R. Civ. P. 296. However, Rafes untimely filed its notice of past due findings of fact and conclusions of law, thirty-one days after filing its original request for findings of fact and conclusions of law.2 See Tex. R. Civ. P. 297 (providing that notice of past due findings of fact and conclusions of law shall be filed within thirty days after filing the original request). Because Rafes untimely filed its notice of past due findings and conclusions, we hold that it has waived its right to complain about the trial court's failure to file findings and conclusions. See Averyt v. Grande, Inc., 717 S.W.2d 891, 895 (Tex. 1986); Las Vegas Pecan & Cattle Co. v. Zavala County, 682 S.W.2d 254, 255 (Tex. 1984); see also Alpert v. Crain, Caton & James, P.C., 178 S.W.3d 398, 410 (Tex. App.-Houston [1st Dist.] 2005, pet. denied) (holding that complete failure to file the notice required by rule 297 waives any issue concerning the trial court's failure to file findings of fact and conclusions of law); Fleming v. Taylor, 814 S.W.2d 89, 91 (Tex. App.-Corpus Christi 1991, no writ) (holding that party that untimely filed notice thirty-two days after original request waived complaint on appeal regarding trial court's failure to file findings of fact and conclusions of law).
We overrule Rafes's first issue.
Affirmative Defense of Substantial Truth
In its third issue, Rafes argues that the trial court erred in entering the take-nothing judgment against it on its claims against Huml and Slowboy because the evidence is legally and factually insufficient to support a finding in favor of Huml and Slowboy on their "defensive theories."
In a trial to the court where no findings of fact or conclusions of law are filed, the trial court's judgment implies all findings of fact necessary to support it. Pharo v. Chambers County, 922 S.W.2d 945, 948 (Tex. 1996). When a reporter's record is filed, as in this case, the implied findings are not conclusive, and a party may challenge the both the legal and factual sufficiency of the evidence to support these implied findings. BMC Software Belg., N.V. v. Marchand, 83 S.W.3d 789, 795 (Tex. 2002); In re Estate of Rhea, 257 S.W.3d 787, 790 (Tex. App.-Fort Worth 2008, no pet.). When legal and factual sufficiency issues are raised, the applicable standard of review is the same as that to be applied in the review of jury findings. Roberson v. Robinson, 768 S.W.2d 280, 281 (Tex. 1989). The judgment must be affirmed if it can be upheld on any legal theory that finds support in the evidence. Worford v. Stamper, 801 S.W.2d 108, 109 (Tex. 1990); Doe v. Tarrant County Dist. Attorney's Office, 269 S.W.3d 147, 152 (Tex. App.-Fort Worth 2008, no pet.).
Although we recognize that we are not bound by the trial court's preliminary oral findings, and that such findings cannot serve as a substitute for actual findings of fact and conclusions of law, we begin our analysis by examining the sufficiency of the evidence to support the trial court's implied finding that Rafes's claims are barred by the affirmative defense of substantial truth.3
We will sustain a legal sufficiency or "no-evidence" challenge if the record shows one of the following: (1) a complete absence of evidence of a vital fact, (2) rules of law or evidence bar the court from giving weight to the only evidence offered to prove a vital fact, (3) the evidence offered to prove a vital fact is no more than a scintilla, or (4) the evidence establishes conclusively the opposite of the vital fact. City of Keller v. Wilson, 168 S.W.3d 802, 810 (Tex. 2005). In conducting a legal sufficiency review, a "court must consider evidence in the light most favorable to the verdict, and indulge every reasonable inference that would support it." Id. at 822. If there is more than a scintilla of evidence to support the challenged finding, we must uphold it. Formosa Plastics Corp. USA v. Presidio Eng'rs & Contractors, Inc., 960 S.W.2d 41, 48 (Tex. 1998). If the evidence at trial would enable reasonable and fair-minded people to differ in their conclusions, then the trier of fact must be allowed to do so. Keller, 168 S.W.3d at 822; see also King Ranch, Inc. v. Chapman, 118 S.W.3d 742, 751 (Tex. 2003). "A reviewing court cannot substitute its judgment for that of the trier-of-fact, so long as the evidence falls within this zone of reasonable disagreement." Keller, 168 S.W.3d at 822.
In conducting a factual sufficiency review, we must consider, weigh, and examine all of the evidence that supports or contradicts the trier-of-fact's determination. Plas-Tex, Inc. v. U.S. Steel Corp., 772 S.W.2d 442, 445 (Tex. 1989); London v. London, 192 S.W.3d 6, 14-15 (Tex. App.-Houston [14th Dist.] 2005, pet. denied). We may set aside the judgment only if the evidence that supports the finding is so contrary to the overwhelming weight of the evidence as to be clearly wrong or unjust. Cain v. Bain, 709 S.W.2d 175, 175 (Tex. 1986). "In a bench trial, the trial court is the sole judge of the credibility of the witnesses, assigns the weight to be given their testimony, may accept or reject all or any part of their testimony, and resolves any conflicts or inconsistencies in the testimony." Rich v. Olah, 274 S.W.3d 878, 884 (Tex. App.-Dallas 2008, no pet.). "We may not pass upon the credibility of the witnesses or substitute our judgment for that of the trier of fact, even if a different answer could be reached upon review of the evidence." Id.
To maintain a cause of action for defamation, a plaintiff must establish that the defendant (1) published a statement about the plaintiff; (2) that was defamatory; (3) while acting with either actual malice, if the plaintiff was a public official or public figure, or negligence, if the plaintiff was a private individual, regarding the truth of the statement. WFAA-TV v. McLemore, 978 S.W.2d 568, 571 (Tex. 1998); Henriquez v. Cemex Management, Inc., 177 S.W.3d 241, 251 (Tex. App.-Houston [1st Dist.] 2005, pet. denied); Grotti v. Belo Corp., 188 S.W.3d 768, 774 (Tex. App.-Fort Worth 2006, pet. denied). "The truth of the statement in the publication on which an action for libel is based is a defense to the action." Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann. § 73.005 (Vernon 2005). A defendant may also defeat a libel claim by establishing the substantial truth of the statement. Grotti, 188 S.W.3d at 774 (citing McIlvain v. Jacobs, 794 S.W.2d 14, 15-16 (Tex. 1990)). To determine if a publication is substantially true, "we consider whether the alleged defamatory statement was more damaging to the plaintiff's reputation, in the mind of the average person, than a truthful statement would have been," and "[w]e look at the `gist' of the publication "to determine whether it is substantially true." Id. (citations omitted). The defense of truth does not require proof that the alleged defamatory statement is literally true in every detail; substantial truth is sufficient. Gustafson v. City of Austin, 110 S.W.3d 652, 656 (Tex. App.-Austin 2003, pet. denied); Howell v. Hecht, 821 S.W.2d 627, 631-32 (Tex. App.-Dallas 1991, writ denied).
Here, the trial court heard sufficient evidence to support an implied finding that the turbocharger was defective, or, as the trial court bluntly summarized, a "bad product." The trial court also heard sufficient evidence to support an implied finding that the statements made in the internet article were true, or, even if not literally true in every detail, substantially true. For example, Johnston, Huml and Slowboy's expert, who was an independent consultant for turbocharger engineering issues and patent consulting,4 testified that he reviewed the internet article and Rafes's turbocharger and that the "main concerns" expressed by Huml regarding Rafes's turbocharger in the internet article "were all valid." Johnston further explained that he also had "serious concerns" about "every part" of the turbocharger about which Huml had raised concerns and most of his concerns were "for the same reasons" generally expressed by Huml in the article. Johnston further stated that he had additional "serious concerns" about other design and manufacturing problems associated with Rafes's turbocharger that Huml had not identified in the article. After Johnston had explained his concerns about these additional problems with the turbocharger, the trial court initially stated that it wanted to focus on statements contained in the article, but then stated that it agreed that evidence of these additional problems was relevant to the issue of damages.
Regarding the specific statements made in the internet article, Johnston agreed that the turbocharger had been reproduced with a part number from a competing Mistsubishi turbocharger product and that "using the exact same part number would be intended to cause confusion in the marketplace and was a slippery slope from a legal standpoint." Johnston stated that Rafes should have not have reproduced the exact same part number on its turbocharger because it left the impression that Rafes was "intentionally trying to cause confusion." Johnston also stated, consistent with Huml's remarks in the article, that there were strong reasons to be concerned about the quality of materials used by the parties that had produced Rafes's turbocharger in Taiwan.
Regarding the specifications of the turbocharger that Huml discussed and criticized in the internet article, Johnston stated that Huml's concerns about the blade's thickness and weight were all reasonable. Regarding the thickness of the blade used on Rafes's turbocharger compared to the thickness of the blade on the genuine Mitsubishi product, Johnston explained that this indicated a lack of "casting quality control" on Rafes's part and, given the fact that Rafes's blade was twice as thick, Rafes must have used "low cost methods of manufacturing it." When asked whether he agreed with the statement in the article that the material used in Rafes's turbocharger would not hold up to the heat and abuse of a typical user, Johnston explained that if the part had an air pocket it in it, which he considered as a potential explanation for the blade's weight difference from that used in the genuine Mitsubishi product, this could lead to immediate or long term failure of the turbocharger. Johnston, like Huml, believed that parts of Rafes's turbocharger were inferior based upon coloration differences, and he stated that his conclusions regarding the inferiority of the parts were later confirmed. He also stated that it was reasonable, based upon common industry knowledge, for Huml to raise concerns about the quality of the turbocharger based upon these coloration observations.
During his testimony, Johnston agreed that there were some inaccuracies in the internet article. For example, when asked about the specific statement in the article that Rafes's turbocharger was made of some type of "powdered metal," Johnston remarked that Huml had likely intended to refer to a "powdery surface," but Johnston explained this distinction and the likely intent of Huml's statement. Johnston also admitted to other inaccuracies in the internet article, but based upon Johnston's testimony, the trial court would have been entitled to conclude that such inaccuracies were minor. The testimony reveals that Johnston considered these inaccuracies to be insignificant. Additionally, in concluding his testimony, Johnston opined that Huml's conclusions and actions were reasonable when compared to the standard of a quality assurance inspector in the industry.
An abstract of Johnston's expert report was also introduced into evidence. In the abstract of this report, Johnston stated, after detailed explanation, that "Huml's essential comments and concerns were both technically correct, and reasonable." Johnston further explained that, in evaluating the turbocharger, Huml had used "common industry practice" by comparing the color of the turbocharger with a known standard part. Johnston also noted in the article that Huml simply identified possible critical noncomplying components, but stressed that Rafes had recommended further scientific analysis, and Rafes alerted users to use caution pending further analysis. We recognize that Rafes presented testimony to dispute Huml's and Johnston's testimony. Rafes also presented an expert who compared Rafes's turbochager against the internet article and disputed the accuracy of many of the statements made in the article. However, the competing experts in this case disagreed on several important points, and Johnston challenged the accuracy of Rafes's expert's opinions. Johnston specifically testified that Rafes's expert had made at least three mistakes in examining the turbocharger and preparing his findings. The trial court heard all of this evidence, including the evidence from the dueling experts regarding the accuracy of the statements in the internet article, and the trial court, as the sole judge of the credibility of the witnesses, was entitled to accept or reject all or any part of the witnesses' testimony. Rich, 274 S.W.3d at 884.
Moreover, from our review of the record, it is clear that the trial court could have disbelieved at least some of the testimony presented by Rafes and his expert. For example, although Rafes offered an explanation as to why it used as a product number on its turbocharger the product number used on the Mitsubishi product, the trial court was not required to believe this explanation. Moreover, the trial court could have determined that the testimony provided by Rafes and his employee about an internet advertisement for the turbocharger was equivocal and lacked credibility. Huml and Slowboy also introduced other evidence, including consumer correspondence, that indicated that at least some consumers had been confused about the origin of Rafes's turbocharger and whether it was a genuine Mitsubishi product or a product designed and or manufactured, at least in part, by Rafes.
In sum, the trial court was presented with ample evidence substantiating the "gist" of the statements contained in the internet article regarding the production and manufacturing of the turbocharger. Accordingly, we hold that the evidence is legally and factually sufficient to support the trial court's implied finding that Rafes's claims against Huml and Slowboy were barred by the affirmative defense of substantial truth. We further hold that the trial court did not err in entering the take-nothing judgment against Rafes.
We overrule Rafes's third issue.5
Conclusion
We affirm the judgment of the trial court.


FootNotes 
1. Neither party contends that our appellate review should be limited to the trial court's preliminary oral findings, and we note that such an argument would be unavailing because here, the trial court expressly stated that its oral findings were preliminary and it invited the parties to file post-trial briefing, indicating that it was still considering its rulings. Additionally, we note that "we cannot consider comments made by the judge at the conclusion of a bench trial as a substitute for findings of fact and conclusions of law." Huang v. Don McGill Toyota, Inc., 209 S.W.3d 674, 679 (Tex. App.-Houston [14th Dist.] 2006, no pet.).

2. Although Huml and Slowboy do not raise this argument on appeal, it is apparent from the face of the record that Rafes's notice was untimely. We also note that nothing in the record indicates that Rafes would be entitled to an enlargement of time for filing the notice. See Tex. R. Civ. P. 5 (providing for enlargement of time for filing for documents sent to the clerk by first-class mail on or before the last day for filing). The notice is file-stamped September 11, 2007 and the certificate of service reflects that it was served on September 11, 2007. There is no postmark in the record indicating that it was mailed on an earlier date, and, although Rafes contends that its notice was timely, Rafes agrees that the notice was filed on September 11, 2007.

3. Although the trial court, in its preliminary findings, indicated that it considered Rafes to have a more significant problem establishing damages, its repeated statements that the evidence showed that Rafes had produced a bad product also indicates the potential applicability of the affirmative defense of substantial truth.

4. Rafes does not challenge Johnston's expertise on appeal or his qualifications to offer any of his expert testimony.

5. Having held that the trial court's implied finding on the affirmative defense of substantial truth is supported by legally and factually sufficient evidence, we need not address Rafes's second issue, in which he argues that the take-nothing judgment entered against it is against the great weight and preponderance of the evidence.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















David W.  Huml - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











David W.  Huml
Check out list of companies and businesses related to David W.  Huml. Find out David W.  Huml address and contact details. View other people related to David W.  Huml - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

701 N. LILAC DRIVE  MINNEAPOLIS 55422 MN




Companies related to David W.  Huml
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000097134TENNANT COSVP, Global Marketing 701 N LILAC DR PO BOX 1452 MINNEAPOLIS 55440




David W.  Huml on the Web
Persons related to David W.  Huml - TENNANT CONamePositionCityAzita  ArvaniDirector HERMOSA BEACHAzita  ArvaniDirector PLAYA DEL REYWilliam F.  AustenDirector MINNEAPOLISWilliam F.  AustenDirector NEENAHJEFFREY A  BALAGNADirector MINNEAPOLISJEFFREY A  BALAGNADirector MINNETONKAJEFFREY A  BALAGNADirector MINNEAPOLISERIC A  BLANCHARDFmr. VP, New Business MINNEAPOLISANTHONY T  BRAUSENFormer VP MINNEAPOLISREX L  CARTERSVP, Operations & Sytems MINNEAPOLISSteven M  CoopersmithVP, Global Marketing MINNEAPOLISJANET M  DOLANDirector MINNEAPOLISTHOMAS  DYBSKYSVP, Administration MINNEAPOLISAndrew J  EckertVP, NA Sales MINNEAPOLISAndrew J  EckertSVP, The Americas MINNEAPOLISAndrew J  EckertMINNEAPOLISCAROL S  EICHERDirector PHILADELPHIACAROL S  EICHERDirector PHILADELPHIAMARK J  FLEIGLEVP, Research and Development MINNEAPOLISJAMES T  HALEDirector JAMES T  HALEDirector MINNEAPOLISJAMES T  HALEDirector MEDINAHeidi M  HoardSVP, General Counsel and Sec'y MINNEAPOLISHeidi M  HoardVP, General Counsel and Sec'y MINNEAPOLISKarel  HuijserVP of International MINNEAPOLISDavid W.  HumlSVP, Global Marketing MINNEAPOLISCHRIS  KILLINGSTADPresident and CEO MINNEAPOLISPAMELA K  KNOUSDirector EDEN PRAIRIEANTHONY  LENDERSVP MINNEAPOLISRobert J  LuckVP, International MINNEAPOLISDAVID  MATHIESONDirector MEQUONDAVID  MATHIESONDirector MINNEAPOLISCarol E.  McKnightSVP, Global Human Resources MINNEAPOLISWILLIAM I  MILLERDirector COLUMBUSJeffrey C.  MoorefieldSVP, Global Operations MINNEAPOLISDonal  MulliganDirector MINNEAPOLISDonal L  MulliganDirector GOLDEN VALLEYPatrick J  ONeillTreasurer/Prin. Fin. Officer MINNEAPOLISTHOMAS  PAULSONSVP, CFO MAPLE PLAINTHOMAS  PAULSONSVP, CFO MINNEAPOLISEDWIN L  RUSSELLDirector WATCH HILLMichael  SchaeferSVP, Chief Technical Officer MINNEAPOLISMichael  SchaeferSVP, Chief Technical Officer MINNEAPOLISSTEPHEN G  SHANKDirector MINNEAPOLISGREG  SIEDSCHLAGController/Prin. Acct. Officer MINNEAPOLISFRANK L  SIMSDirector WAYZATASteven Alan  SonnenbergDirector CHANHASSENSteven Alan  SonnenbergDirector BLOOMINGTONDon B  WestmanSVP, Operations MINNEAPOLISDAVID S  WICHMANNDirector MINNETONKADAVID S  WICHMANNDirector MINNETONKAHeidi M  WilsonSVP, General Counsel and Sec'y MINNEAPOLISDavid  WindleyDirector MINNEAPOLISRichard H.  ZaySVP, The Americas MINNEAPOLIS
Potentially same personNameCityCountryDavid  W.RichardsonTX












 









TNC David W. Huml Insider Trades for Tennant Co.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Tennant Co.

                  NYSE: TNC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Tennant Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


TNC

/quotes/zigman/243017/composite


$
75.10




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 1,418
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/243017/composite
Previous close

$
			74.55
		


$
				75.10
			
Change

+0.55
+0.74%





Day low
Day high
$73.80
$75.80










52 week low
52 week high

            $60.21
        

            $76.80
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




David W. Huml



Mr. David W. Huml is Senior Vice President-Global Marketing at Tennant Co. Mr. Huml was previously employed as Vice President-Applied Water Platform by Pentair, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





02/28/2017
1,317


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/28/2017
266


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $73.2 per share.


19,472


02/28/2017
681


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2016
1,008


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $62.7 per share.


63,202


02/26/2016
1,432


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/27/2015
914


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2014
3,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2014
549


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. H. Chris Killingstad 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Jeffrey C. Moorefield 
Senior Vice President-Global Operations




Mr. Thomas  Paulson 
CFO, Senior VP & Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Michael W. Schaefer 
Chief Technical Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Richard H. Zay 
Senior Vice President-Americas Region




Mr. Thomas A. Stueve 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. David W. Huml 
Senior Vice President-Global Marketing




Ms. Karen A. Durant 
Vice President & Controller




Ms. Kathryn  Lovik 
Communications Director




Ms. Carol E. McKnight 
Senior Vice President-Global Human Resources




Mr. Steven Alan Sonnenberg 
Lead Independent Director




Ms. Carol S. Eicher 
Independent Director




Mr. David Scott Wichmann 
Independent Director




Mr. Donal Leo Mulligan 
Independent Director




Mr. Azita  Arvani 
Independent Director




Mr. David  Windley 
Independent Director




Mr. William F. Austen 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:50 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































David Huml, Tennant Co: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





David Huml

Senior VP:Global Marketing,
Tennant Co






Career History




Senior VP:Global Marketing
Tennant Co, 10/2014-PRESENT


VP:Applied Water Platform
Pentair PLC, UNKNOWN-10/2014


VP:Global Agriculture Flow Technologies
Pentair PLC, FORMER


VP:Marketing-Flow Technologies
Pentair PLC, FORMER



Graco Ltd, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.tennantco.com






Corporate Information
Address:

701 North Lilac Drive
PO Box 1452
Minneapolis, MN 55440-1452
United States


Phone:
1-763-540-1200


Fax:
1-763-513-2142


Web url:
www.tennantco.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Carlson School of Management
MBA


Wittenberg University
Bachelor's Degree








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











DAVID HUML - BRANDON, SD - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SD



BRANDON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            DAVID HUML
                                    



 





















D 


DAVID HUML
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1409 CUSTER PKWY BRANDON, SD 57005
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts DAVID HUML






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























Tennant Company Appoints David W. Huml As Senior Vice President Of Global Marketing - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Tennant Company Appoints David W. Huml As Senior Vice President Of Global Marketing






Business Wire




Oct 22, 2014 8:45 AM EDT













 




























































  Tennant Company (NYSE: TNC), a world leader in designing, manufacturing and marketing solutions that help create a cleaner, safer, healthier world, announced the appointment of David W. Huml as Senior Vice President of Global Marketing, replacing Rusty Zay who was named in July to lead the Americas, Tennant’s largest business unit.  Mr. Huml has spent the majority of his 23-year career in the industrial equipment industry, including 14 years at Graco (NYSE: GGG) and the last eight years at Pentair (NYSE: PNR). Most recently, Mr. Huml was Vice President of the Applied Water Platform at Pentair, leading a $250M global business across eight sites. Previous executive positions at Pentair included VP of Global Agriculture-Flow Technologies and VP of Marketing-Flow Technologies.  “David brings a proven track record of delivering growth with the right channels in targeted vertical and geographic markets. We are thrilled to have David join our Senior Management Team and are confident he will leverage his deep experience to help Tennant achieve its global growth goals,” said Tennant President and CEO Chris Killingstad.  Mr. Huml holds an MBA from the Carlson School of Business at the University of Minnesota and received his undergraduate degree from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, USA. Huml’s office will be located at Tennant Company world headquarters in Golden Valley, Minn.   Company Profile Minneapolis-based Tennant Company ( TNC) is a world leader in designing, manufacturing and marketing solutions that help create a cleaner, safer, healthier world. Its products include equipment for maintaining surfaces in industrial, commercial and outdoor environments; chemical-free and other sustainable cleaning technologies; and coatings for protecting, repairing and upgrading surfaces. Tennant's global field service network is the most extensive in the industry. Tennant has manufacturing operations in Minneapolis, Minn.; Holland, Mich.; Louisville, Ky.; Uden, The Netherlands; the United Kingdom; São Paulo, Brazil; and Shanghai, China; and sells products directly in 15 countries and through distributors in more than 80 countries. For more information, visit www.tennantco.com.   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













My Small-Cap Dividend Growers Are More Miss Than Hit So Far
Just 11 of the 25 names in this portfolio are in positive territory since its Jan. 1 inception, but small-caps value stocks in general haven't done much this year.



Jonathan Heller

Apr 26, 2017 11:00 AM EDT
























10 New Names Help Compose My 2017 Portfolio of Small-Cap Dividend Growers
WesBanco and EMC Insurance Group are among the fresh faces that are part of this year's 25 portfolio companies.



Jonathan Heller

Jan 4, 2017 12:00 PM EST
























Many Happy Returns from These Small-Cap Dividend Growers
The winners far outnumber the losers among the stocks in this portfolio that was created at the start of the year.



Jonathan Heller

Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EST
























Q4 Preview: What Analysts Expect From the World Economy, the U.S. Election, and More This Quarter
The new president's stimulus policies, the possibility of a 2016 rate hike and lower movie receipts are among the topics analysts are studying for the final months of the year.



Laura Berman

Oct 1, 2016 4:00 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















	
    NewsArticle






















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.



	Turn on more accessible mode



	Turn off more accessible mode



	Skip Ribbon Commands



	Skip to main content























         
    



Tennant Worldwide
Please select your region and language to view product offerings:








Go

To give you the best and most personalised experience, we use "cookies" on this website. These cookies remember your settings and your preferences, and make it easier for you to navigate our site in the future. (What are cookies?)
No
I will accept cookies from this site


Please make a selection.




                    
                            var data = {
                                Regions : [
                        
                                    {"Title":"North America","RegionCode":"am","Languages":[{"Language":"English","LanguageCode":"en","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Español (Mexico)","LanguageCode":"es","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Français (Canada)","LanguageCode":"fr","AltRegion":null}]},
                        
                                    {"Title":"Latin America","RegionCode":"la","Languages":[{"Language":"Español","LanguageCode":"es","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Español (Mexico)","LanguageCode":"es","AltRegion":"am"},{"Language":"Português (Brazil)","LanguageCode":"pt","AltRegion":"alfa"}]},
                        
                                    {"Title":"Asia and Pacific","RegionCode":"apac","Languages":[{"Language":"English (Australia, New Zealand)","LanguageCode":"en","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"English (India, Indonesia, Southeast Asia)","LanguageCode":"ex","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"中国 (China)","LanguageCode":"cn","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"日本 (Japan)","LanguageCode":"jp","AltRegion":null}]},
                        
                                    {"Title":"Europe","RegionCode":"emea","Languages":[{"Language":"Deutsch","LanguageCode":"de","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"English","LanguageCode":"en","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"English (UK)","LanguageCode":"uk","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Español","LanguageCode":"es","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Français","LanguageCode":"fr","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Italiano (Italy)","LanguageCode":"it","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Nederlands","LanguageCode":"nl","AltRegion":null},{"Language":"Português","LanguageCode":"pt","AltRegion":null}]},
                        
                                    {"Title":"Middle East & Africa","RegionCode":"emea","Languages":[{"Language":"English","LanguageCode":"en","AltRegion":null}]}
                        
                                ]
                            };
                        
                








            My Tennant Customer Sign In
        






My Tennant




            Sign Out
        












 




Contact Us​​​






EquipmentEquipmentAll EquipmentInnovationsScrubbers Walk BehindScrubbers Ride-onSweeper-ScrubbersSweepers Walk BehindSweepers Ride-onOutdoor and City CleaningCarpet ExtractorsBurnishers and Single Disc MachinesVacuumsSpecialty Cleaning EquipmentOrbio ProductsFeaturedec-H2O NanoClean™ Electrically Converted Water TechnologyT17 Battery-Powered Ride-on ScrubberT300 / T300e Walk Behind Floor ScrubbersGreen Machines® 500ze Electrical Street SweeperIndustriesIndustriesAutomotiveAviation / TransportationCleaning ProfessionalsEducationFood and BeverageHealth CareHospitalityManufacturingMiningMunicipalitiesPharmaceuticalRetailWarehousing and LogisticsElectronicsGovernment InstitutionsFeaturedExplore Tennant Solutions in Industries Around the WorldParts and ServiceParts PartsMachine ManualsWarranty ConditionsServiceService and MaintenanceLeasing and FinancingCompanyCompanyAbout UsEthics and Business ConductGlobal LocationsInvestorsNewsPress KitsContact UsSustainabilityMy Tennant



HomeEquipmentIndustriesParts and ServiceCompanyMy Tennant











Home»News











${Print}

            ${Email}
        

            ${Share}
        


var data = {"Print":"Print","Email":"Email","Share":"Share","LCID":3081};


        How Can We Help?










                                    Buying Guidance
                                










                                    Parts & Consumables
                                










                                    Orders
                                










                                    Product Information
                                










                                    Technical & Service Info
                                










                                    Policies
                                










                                    Contact Us
                                















Questions?  Contact us













            Change Language
        







Go




                Links
            





 





Need Help?





                                Buying Guidance
                            




                                Parts & Consumables
                            




                                Orders
                            




                                Product Information
                            




                                Technical & Service Info
                            




                                Policies
                            




                                Contact Us
                            


















        Admin 




Tennant Company Appoints David W. Huml as Senior Vice President of Global Marketing

Wednesday, 22 October 2014


MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 22, 2014 - Tennant Company (NYSE: TNC), a world leader in designing, manufacturing and marketing solutions that help create a cleaner, safer, healthier world, announced the appointment of David W. Huml as Senior Vice President of Global Marketing, replacing Rusty Zay who was named in July to lead the Americas, Tennant's largest business unit. 

Mr. Huml has spent the majority of his 23-year career in the industrial equipment industry, including 14 years at Graco (NYSE: GGG) and the last eight years at Pentair (NYSE: PNR). Most recently, Mr. Huml was Vice President of the Applied Water Platform at Pentair, leading a $250M global business across eight sites. Previous executive positions at Pentair included VP of Global Agriculture-Flow Technologies and VP of Marketing-Flow Technologies. 

“David brings a proven track record of delivering growth with the right channels in targeted vertical and geographic markets. We are thrilled to have David join our Senior Management Team and are confident he will leverage his deep experience to help Tennant achieve its global growth goals,” said Tennant President and CEO Chris Killingstad. 

Mr. Huml holds an MBA from the Carlson School of Business at the University of Minnesota and received his undergraduate degree from Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, USA. Huml’s office will be located at Tennant Company world headquarters in Golden Valley, Minn. ​
​​​​
    



















Sign Up for Tennant News
Get quarterly updates and product news.
Sign up
 Tennant Worldwide
Asia in English
Change region & language
 For Investors
Tennant is a publicly traded company. More about NYSE:TNC
Careers
Tennant is always looking for new talent. More
My Tennant
Learn about the features of this secure website for Tennant Customers.  More
 
​







© Tennant Company. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us or call 1-800-553-8033​​​


            ​




Home | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Terms of Sale​​









Sign In



Sign Out | 




            Change Language
        






Go



            Contact Us
        



            Share
        



            Email
        



            Back to Top
        









































