



Humphries Stanley B - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading Screener - OpenInsider











OpenInsider

Latest

Latest Cluster Buys
Latest Insider Trading (all filings)
Latest Insider Purchases
Latest Insider Purchases $25k+
Latest Officer Purchases $25k+
Latest CEO/CFO Purchases $25k+
Latest Insider Sales
Latest Insider Sales $100k+
Latest Officer Sales $100k+
Latest CEO/CFO Sales $100k+


Top

Top Officer Purchases Today
Top Officer Purchases Past Week
Top Officer Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Purchases Today
Top Insider Purchases Past Week
Top Insider Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Sales Today
Top Insider Sales Past Week
Top Insider Sales Past Month


By Symbol

Officer Purchases $25k+ Today
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Week
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month (no opt-ex)
Insider Purchases of Penny Stocks, Past Month
Insider Sales of Penny Stocks, Past Month


Charts

Contact











Humphries Stanley B - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading ScreenerCIK: 1649621 - Address: C/o Zillow Group, Inc., 1301 Second Aven, Floor 31, Seattle, WA 98101 




General

Tickers
Insider
Sh Price $



Lqdty M$






Date

Filing Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  



Trade Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  


Filing Delay



N Days Ago








Transaction Filing

 P - Purchase S - Sale A - Grant D - Sale to Iss G - Gift F - Tax M - Option Ex X - Option Ex C - Cnv Deriv W - Inherited

 No deriv


 Multiple Days

Traded K$



Own Chg %








Industry




All Sectors (except Funds)
Agriculture, Forestry, Fish
Mining
Construction
Manufacturing
Transportation & Utilities
Wholesale Trade
Retail Trade
Financial
Services
Closed-End Funds


























Insider Title

  Officer
    COB
    CEO
    Pres
    COO
    CFO
    GC
    VP
  Director
  10% Own
  Other






Group by


Filing
Company





Company Totals

Num Filings



Num Insiders



Num Officers



Traded K$



Own Chg %







Sort by

Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker Symbol
Trade Value


Max Results
Page


clear


Real-time CSV, Options, Alerts








1 results -  -  -  -  -  -  - TCcnt1d1w1m6m 


X
Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker
Insider NameInsider Title
Trade Type 
Share Price
Shares Traded
Shares Owned
Own chg
Value Traded
1d ret
1w ret
1m ret
6m ret



DM2017-05-12 18:23:252017-05-10 ZANDZHumphries Stanley BChief Analytics OfficerS - Sale+OE$43.02-119,114372-100%-$5,123,747
Real-time CSV? Options? Alerts? Contact us!



AAmended filing
DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
EError detected in filing
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price


S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another personS - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the companyP - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person 

Return to top
Copyright © 2017 openinsider.com. All rights reserved.















Insider Trading - Humphries Stanley B - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Humphries Stanley B





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-22Gift
2016-11-236:30 pm
N/AN/A
Zillow Group Inc
Z
Humphries Stanley BChief Analytics Officer
989
$0
248(Direct)
View


2016-11-22Gift
2016-11-236:30 pm
N/AN/A
Zillow Group Inc
Z
Humphries Stanley BChief Analytics Officer
1,978
$0
248(Direct)
View


2016-03-28Option Award
2016-03-296:30 pm
2016-05-182026-03-28
Zillow Group Inc
Z
Humphries Stanley BChief Analytics Officer
30,000
$22.41
30,000(Direct)
View


2015-08-18Option Award
2015-08-204:42 pm
2017-01-012022-08-18
Zillow Group Inc
Z
Humphries Stanley BChief Analytics Officer
150,000
$26.06
150,000(Direct)
View


2015-08-18Option Award
2015-08-204:42 pm
2016-08-032022-08-18
Zillow Group Inc
Z
Humphries Stanley BChief Analytics Officer
150,000
$26.06
150,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 23:52:00 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  



















 





Stan  Humphries - Sammamish, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Stan  Humphries in Sammamish, WA


Stan  Humphries

                                                                           Intelius found that Stan  Humphries  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Sammamish, WA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Stanley B Humphries
Stan B Humphries
Stan  Humphrieschief


Get Report Now

Age

Stan  Humphries is in his 40s

Stan Has Lived In

Sammamish, WA
Alexandria, VA
Charlottesville, VA

Stan's Relatives

Katie Humphries
Sally Barnes
Mary Humphries







Stan  Humphries



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President of Data and Analytics at Zillow , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Stan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Stan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Stan  Humphries
Get a Criminal Check on Stan  Humphries
Get a Public Record Report on Stan  Humphries
Get a People Search Report on Stan  Humphries


Stan  Humphries's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Stan  Humphries has lived as well as Stan  Humphries's phone numbers and email addresses.




Stan  Humphries Has Lived in 3 States
Washington Address for Stan  Humphries


24674 S* 9** P* 

Sammamish, WA


Has Lived In

Sammamish, WA
Alexandria, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Stan  Humphries

(425) ***-**** - Sammamish, WA 
(206) ***-**** - Seattle, WA 
(206) ***-**** - Seattle, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Stan  Humphries

s********s@***.com
s*****m@***.com
s**n@***.com


Get Email Report




Stan  Humphries's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Stan  Humphries's academic history.  Find out which schools Stan  Humphries attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Stan  Humphries received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stan  Humphries Has Attended 12 Schools
University of Virginia 
Georgetown University                              Stan  Humphries has a Master of Science in Foreign Service               
Davidson College                              Stan  Humphries has a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science               
Davidson College                              Stan  Humphries has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics               
University of Virginia               1995 – 2000               Stan  Humphries has a Ph.D. in Government (subfields: Quantitative Methodology/american Politics)               
University of Virginia               1995 – 2000               Stan  Humphries has a Ph.d., Government (subfields: Quantitative Methodology/american Politics) in Government (subfields: Quantitative Methodology/american Politics)               
Georgetown University               1991 – 1993               Stan  Humphries has a M.s. in Foreign Service               
Georgetown University               1991 – 1993               Stan  Humphries has a M.s., Foreign Service in Foreign Service               
Davidson College               1988 – 1990               Stan  Humphries has a B.A. in Center for Interdisciplinary Studies (political Science/economics)               
Davidson College               1988 – 1990               Stan  Humphries has a B.a., Center For Interdisciplinary Studies (political Science/economics) in Center for Interdisciplinary Studies (political Science/economics)               
Georgia Institute of Technology               1986 – 1988               Stan  Humphries has a  Aerospace Engineering               
Georgia Institute of Technology               1986 – 1988               Stan  Humphries has a Aerospace Engineering in Aerospace Engineering               


Stan  Humphries's Professional Information
Information regarding Stan  Humphries's professional history.  Find out previous places Stan  Humphries has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stan  Humphries Has Worked at 18 Places
Company: Zillow , Inc.
               Title: Vice President of Data and Analytics
Company: Zillow , Inc.
               Title: Economist
Stan  Humphries's Experience
Title: Vice President of Data and Analytics
               Company: Zillow , Inc.
Job Details
               Zillow, Inc. (NASDAQ: Z) operates the largest home-related marketplaces on mobile and the Web, with a complementary portfolio of brands and products that help people find vital information about homes, and connect with the best local professionals. In addition, Zillow operates an industry-leading economics and analytics bureau led by Zillow's Chief Economist Dr. Stan Humphries. Dr. Humphries and his team of economists and data analysts produce extensive housing data and research covering more than 450 markets at Zillow Real Estate Research. Zillow also sponsors the quarterly Zillow Home Price Expectations Survey, which asks more than 100 leading economists, real estate experts and investment and market strategists to predict the path of the Zillow Home Value Index over the next five years. Zillow also sponsors the bi-annual Zillow Housing Confidence Index (ZHCI) which measures consumer confidence in local housing markets, both currently and over time. The Zillow, Inc. portfolio includes Zillow.com®, Zillow Mobile, Zillow Mortgage , Zillow Rentals, Zillow Digs®, Postlets®, Diverse Solutions®, Agentfolio®, Mortech®, HotPads™, StreetEasy® and Retsly™. The company is headquartered in Seattle. Zillow.com, Zillow, Postlets, Mortech, Diverse Solutions, StreetEasy, Agentfolio and Digs are registered trademarks of Zillow, Inc. HotPads and Retsly are trademarks of Zillow, Inc. Zillow (NASDAQ: Z) is the leading real estate information marketplace, providing vital information about homes, real estate listings and mortgages through its website and mobile applications, enabling homeowners, buyers, sellers and renters to connect with real estate and mortgage professionals best suited to meet their needs.
Title: Economist
               Company: Zillow , Inc.
Job Details
               Zillow (NASDAQ: Z) is the leading real estate information marketplace, providing vital information about homes, real estate listings and mortgages through its website and mobile applications, enabling homeowners, buyers, sellers and renters to connect with real estate and mortgage professionals best suited to meet their needs. Zillow, Inc. (NASDAQ: Z) operates the largest home-related marketplaces on mobile and the Web, with a complementary portfolio of brands and products that help people find vital information about homes, and connect with the best local professionals. In addition, Zillow operates an industry-leading economics and analytics bureau led by Zillow's Chief Economist Dr. Stan Humphries. Dr. Humphries and his team of economists and data analysts produce extensive housing data and research covering more than 450 markets at Zillow Real Estate Research. Zillow also sponsors the quarterly Zillow Home Price Expectations Survey, which asks more than 100 leading economists, real estate experts and investment and market strategists to predict the path of the Zillow Home Value Index over the next five years. Zillow also sponsors the bi-annual Zillow Housing Confidence Index (ZHCI) which measures consumer confidence in local housing markets, both currently and over time. The Zillow, Inc. portfolio includes Zillow.com®, Zillow Mobile, Zillow Mortgage , Zillow Rentals, Zillow Digs®, Postlets®, Diverse Solutions®, Agentfolio®, Mortech®, HotPads™, StreetEasy® and Retsly™. The company is headquartered in Seattle. Zillow.com, Zillow, Postlets, Mortech, Diverse Solutions, StreetEasy, Agentfolio and Digs are registered trademarks of Zillow, Inc. HotPads and Retsly are trademarks of Zillow, Inc.
Additional Professional Information on Stan  Humphries

 See Stan  Humphries's LinkedIn Profile



Stan  Humphries's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Stan  Humphries


Stan  Humphries's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Stan  Humphries's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Stan Humphries
Username Matches

                  StanHumphries
                  HumphriesStan
                  Stan.Humphries
                  Humphries.Stan
                  Stan_Humphries
                  Humphries_Stan
                  Stan-Humphries
                  Humphries-Stan
                  SHumphries
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Humphries







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Stanley B. Humphries - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Stanley B. Humphries
Chief Analytics Officer at Zillow Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Stanley B. Humphries? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stanley B. Humphries's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stanley B. Humphries's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stanley B. Humphries's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stanley B. Humphries through your network of contacts.
												








Stanley B. Humphries's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Analytics Officer, 
Zillow Group, Inc.


Past
To view Stanley B. Humphries's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
49

 
 


Stanley B. Humphries's Biography




			Stanley B. Humphries has served as Zillow Group's Chief Analytics Officer since August 2015. Since joining the company in 2005, Dr. Humphries has held many leadership positions, including Vice President of Data and Analytics from December 2006 to April 2009 and Chief Economist from May 2009 to August 2015. Prior to joining Zillow, Dr. Humphries served as Group Manager of Customer Analytics at Expedia, Inc., from 2001 to 2005. Dr. Humphries earned his B.A. from Davidson College, a Master's of Science in Foreign Service from Georgetown University, and a Ph.D. in Government from the University of Virginia.
		
Source: Zillow Group, Inc. on 04/25/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stanley B. Humphries's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Stanley B. Humphries. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stanley B. Humphries's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stanley B. Humphries's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stanley B. Humphries through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Stanley B. Humphries


















Stanley B. Humphries's Connections (16)





Sign up now to view Stanley B. Humphries's 16 connections »









Gregory B. Maffei
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, Liberty









Peter Flint
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Trulia, Inc.









Jay C. Hoag
Board Member, Netflix, Inc.









Richard N. Barton
Executive Chairman, Zillow Group, Inc.









Gregory Waldorf
Former Board Member, Zillow Group, Inc.









Chad Cohen
Board Member, Trupanion, Inc.









Greg M. Schwartz
Chief Business Officer, Zillow Group, Inc.









Lloyd D. Frink
Vice Chairman and President, Zillow Group, Inc.









David A. Beitel
Chief Technology Officer, Zillow Group, Inc.









Kathleen Philips
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Zillow Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Stanley Humphries (B), 49  - Sammamish, WA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 SH


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Stanley Humphries
 Sammamish, WA
 Age: 49 -
								10/25/1967









AKA:
                                                Stanley B Humpries, Stan Humphries, Stanley B Humphiries, Stan B Humphries, Stanley Bradford Humphries, Stanley B Humphries














Advanced Analytics
at
Zillow









                                    Single






Has Kids







                                    Republican Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Stanley










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number










****@reunionemail.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











24*** **** Pl


Sammamish, WA 98074







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Stanley Humphries  was born in 1967.
        Stanley
                   currently lives in 



Sammamish
.
        
                     Before that, he lived in
                        



Sammamish
, WA
                                          from 2012 to 2013.
                                    















About & Contact Information


Stanley's Story






Please Wait...


            Stanley Humphries  was born in 1967.
            Stanley
                currently lives in 



Sammamish
.
            
                        Before that, he lived in
                        



Sammamish
, WA
                                        from 2012 to 2013.
                                    

Views & Opinions

Second Amendment Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
24*** **** Pl
Sammamish, WA
View Address


Past Address
21*** **** St




Sammamish
, WA
View Address


Past Address
14*** **** Pl




Renton
, WA
View Address


Past Address
21*** **** St




Sammamish
, WA
View Address


Past Address





Sammamish
, WA
View Address


Past Address





Renton
, WA
View Address


Past Address





Alexandria
, VA
View Address




Email Address
****@reunionemail.com
View Email





    Stanley may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Stanley's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History








                                Advanced Analytics at
                                

                                 Zillow 





                        View Details
                     





School History




    Stanley may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Stanley may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Stanley may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Stanley may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Stanley's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Stanley may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Stanley may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Stanley's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Stanley Humphries's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Stanley










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Stanley may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Stanley. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Stanley may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Stanley may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Stanley may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Stanley may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates







 CH

Cynthia Humphries




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Stanley may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Stanley Humphries






sh


Stanley Humphries, 49 
Sammamish, WA



sh


Stanley Humphries, 55 
, AL



sh


Stanley Humphries, 84 
Tucson, AZ



sh


Stanley Humphries, 62 
Cape Coral, FL



sh


Stanley Humphries, 69 
Live Oak, FL



sh


Stanley Humphries, 54 
Conyers, GA




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Stanley build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Stanley Humphries
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Stanley's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Stanley have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Stanley
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about him on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Stanley

Is there anything you want to say about him on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Stanley

Is there anything you want to say about him concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Stanley?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Stanley Humphries?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Stanley 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Stanley .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Stanley Humphries
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Stanley Humphries's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Stanley's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Stanley Humphries











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Stanley



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Stanley Humphries











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 21:52:00 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 







Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballInsider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-8 of 8 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsZ2017-05-1140,918$1,762,000.00Sale at $42.97 - $43.17 per share.Z2017-05-1140,918$767,000.00Option Execute at $12.68 - $24.81 per share.Z2017-05-1047,959$568,000.00Option Execute at $10.99 - $12.68 per share.Z2017-05-1047,959$2,062,000.00Sale at $42.87 - $43.11 per share.Z2017-05-0930,237$1,300,000.00Sale at $42.97 - $43.05 per share.Z2017-05-0930,237$179,000.00Option Execute at $1.18 - $10.63 per share.Z2016-11-212,967N/ADisposition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.Z2015-08-06N/AN/AStatement of OwnershipThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis game will teach youForge of EmpiresSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)








HUMPHRIES STANLEY B Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HUMPHRIES STANLEY B
                    

•   SEATTLE, WA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Humphries Stanley B is based out of Seattle.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HUMPHRIES STANLEY B, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




humphries stanley b


C/O ZILLOW GROUP, INC.

SEATTLE
WA
                                                        
                                                    98101









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 05/12/2017
4 filed on 03/09/2017
4 filed on 11/23/2016
4 filed on 03/29/2016
4 filed on 08/20/2015
3 filed on 08/17/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












