



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Save up to 90% on Rental, New and Used Textbooks












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks

































































































Textbooks: Rent. Buy. Sell.



    
Save up to 90% on your textbooks and shop through: Rental, Trade-in, and eTextbooks






























						Textbook Rentals
					











						Sell us your books
					











						e-Textbooks
					











						Prime Student
					




























							Save up to 90% on textbooks
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Trade in your books for an Amazon Gift Card
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Get Free Shipping with Prime Student
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							eTextbooks: Why Weight?
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					




























 




The Amazon.com Textbooks Store




	
Are you tired of paying a small fortune for your textbooks every year? Wouldn’t you rather buy cheap college textbooks and have more money to buy that great pair of skinny jeans, eat out more often instead of heating up a frozen pizza, or just have a little more spending money? When you come to Amazon.com, you can save money by buying cheap new and used textbooks and by renting textbooks for college. You can also trade your used textbooks for an Amazon Gift Card, whether you bought your books from us or not. By being a smart shopper and saving money on textbooks at Amazon.com, you’ll have more cash for the things in life that can’t be learned from a textbook.

The Amazon Textbooks Store allows you to shop online and buy all your textbooks without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. We offer a variety of new, used, rental, and eTextbooks. Don’t worry about selection, we’ve got your textbook needs covered for any subject from biology, chemistry, and nursing to accounting, arts, and engineering. Once you’re finished with your textbooks you can trade them in at Amazon.com and get up to 80% of their value in an Amazon Gift Card.   

Shop the Amazon Textbooks Store and save up to 90% on textbook rentals, up to 90% on used textbooks, and up to 50% on new textbooks. You can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping on millions of items, including cheap college textbooks, when you join Prime Student. Get your textbooks delivered to your door and save both time and money by shopping at Amazon.com. So go ahead and treat yourself to that designer purse or new video game, you can since you’ve saved so much on your textbooks.

Students may be eligible for a tax exemption on textbooks in some states. Learn More.


						
		







TextbooksTextbook ProgramsTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BookseTextbooksPrime StudentTextbook RentalsManage Your RentalsYour Rental CartTerms & ConditionsKindle eTextbook RentalsFeatured CategoriesAcademic CoursewareArts & PhotographyBusiness & MoneyComputers & TechnologyReferenceEducation & TeachingK-12 Teaching ResourcesMedicalEngineering & TransportationScience & MathTest Prep & Study GuidesOff to College EssentialsProfessional StoresDigital Design BookstoreMoney & Marketstech.book(store) 

Show results for
                                BooksNew, Used & Rental TextbooksBusiness & FinanceCommunication & JournalismComputer ScienceEducationEngineeringHumanitiesLawMedicine & Health SciencesReferenceScience & MathematicsSocial SciencesTest Prep & Study Guides


 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















										Textbooks Online - Sell, Buy, Search TextBooks at Half.com
								
















Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification










 
























My AccountWish ListSell My StuffHelpeBay HomeSign in

























Home
Books

Textbooks

Music
Movies
Games








Shopping Cart






























											Search:
											






Books
   > Title
   > Author
   > ISBN
--------------------------All Categories
Music
Movies
Video Games
Game Systems



















Home > Books > Textbook Superstore
Save big now on our top 200 bestselling textbooks
















Categories
Textbooks

Antiques & Collectibles
Architecture
Art
Bibles
Biography & Autobiography
Body, Mind  & Spirit
Business & Economics
Comic & Graphic Novels
Computers
Cooking
Crafts & Hobbies
Design
Drama
Education 
Family  & Relationships
Fiction
Foreign Language Study
Games
Gardening
Health  & Fitness
History
House  & Home
Humor
Juvenile Fiction
Juvenile Nonfiction
Language Arts & Disciplines
Law
Literary Collections 
Literary Criticism
Mathematics
Medical
Music
Nature
Performing Arts
Pets
Philosophy
Photography
Poetry
Political Science
Psychology 
Reference
Religion
Science
Self-help 
Social Science 
Sports & Recreation
Study Aids 
Technology  & Engineering
Transportation
Travel
True Crime









Save on Shipping
Buy 2 or more from the same seller and pay less.

















Textbooks
Sign in now








Best Selling Books
































The Art of Public Speaking by Stephen Lucas (20...
			

Stephen Lucas (Paperback, 1323E70)$0.75 Save 97%



Available Titles CourseMate: Principles of Micr...
			

N. Gregory Mankiw (Paperback, 2008)$2.00



Psychology by David G. Myers (2009, Hardcover)

David G. Myers (Hardcover, 2009)$2.61






































Dorm Entertainment
































Give Your Child Music by Jill Phillips (1979, B...
			

 $4.49



Wedding Crashers (DVD, 2006, Widescreen Unrated)

Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn (DVD, 2006)$0.75 Save 97%



Gears of War (Microsoft Xbox 360, 2006)

 (Microsoft Xbox 360, 2006)$0.75









































 



 












has more for you...


Shopping.comCompare product prices and stores
StubHubBuy and sell all kinds of event tickets
eBay ClassifiedsFree and friendly local classifieds





Home|
Books|
Textbooks|
Music|
Movies|
Games


Shops|
Why eBay|
Announcements|
eBay Seasonal Online Sales & Events|
Site Map

Copyright © 1999-2016 Half.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eBay User Agreement and Privacy Policy. 













Yifan He's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Yifan He#518215@david_2Following4FollowersFollow7 UpvotesXimalaya3D Audio and smart noise-cancelling headphonesTech+ 2 save 42 5Tushi Pal TrackerThe first fair-trade Mayan artisan made fitness trackerWearables+ 1 save 39 0BumpOutRevolutionizing Portable Audio.Music+ 2 save 91 6SurfwheelLand surf on a single-wheel stabilized electric skateboardSkateboarding+ 2 save 32 1SmartShow MugWater mug that tracks hydration, water purity & consumptionTech+ 1 save 24 1Gravity LightA 360 degree magnetic LED wood lampTech+ 2 save 85 5Air CaseThe thinnest iPhone battery casePhone Cases+ 2 save 254 16Share this profileRecent CommentsXimalaya
































The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master: 8601404321023: Computer Science Books @ Amazon.com







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks



























































































                Books
            


             ›
         


                New, Used & Rental Textbooks
            


             ›
         


                 Computer Science
             







The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master and over one million other books are available for Amazon Kindle. 






 Learn more 





Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 
























The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master
1st Edition



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








Andrew Hunt
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Andrew Hunt Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Andrew Hunt



(Author), 



David Thomas

(Author)











4.5 out of 5 stars








347 customer reviews
































ISBN-13:
 978-0201616224


ISBN-10:
 020161622X




      Why is ISBN important?
    



ISBN


This bar-code number lets you verify that you're getting exactly the right version or edition of a book. The 13-digit and 10-digit formats both work.





Scan an ISBN with your phone

Use the Amazon App to scan ISBNs and compare prices.










         Sell yours for a Gift Card
      


        We'll buy it for 
      

        $13.92
      




            Learn More
          



        Trade in now
      








Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        

























                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      
















Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest



Link copied!


<Embed>



















Kindle




            from $31.19
        






Paperback



            $29.72 - $32.95
        






Other Sellers



            See all 4 versions
        



































Rent

				On clicking this link, a new layer will be open
			



	
	    
	    	
		        $29.72
        	
	        
        
        

				On clicking this link, a new layer will be open
			








Due Date: Dec 18, 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

            Rental Details
        





FREE return shipping at the end of the semester. 


Access codes and supplements are not guaranteed with rentals.





        In Stock.
    
    
    Rented from
    
        
       
           RockCityBooks
,

            Fulfilled by Amazon
        

Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and .
If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. We invite you to 
            learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon
        .
















List Price: $49.99

Save: $20.27 (41%)




Free Shipping



Add to Rental Cart































Buy used

				On clicking this link, a new layer will be open
			



	
	    
	    	
		        $31.28
        	
	        
        
        

				On clicking this link, a new layer will be open
			








Condition:









    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    

Used
                    - 






    
    
    
    
        
    
    

Good
            




Used - Good


Book Condition:
Ships quick from Amazon! Qualifies for Prime Shipping and FREE standard shipping for orders over $35. May not include supplements such as access code, CD or DVD. TI3P:020161622X:GOOD:RTEX





            In Stock.
        

        
        Sold by
        
            
            
                
                
                    RockCityBooks,

                Fulfilled by Amazon
            




Condition:
      Used: Good
    



Comment: Ships quick from Amazon! Qualifies for Prime Shipping and FREE standard shipping for orders over $35. May not include supplements such as access code, CD or DVD. TI3P:020161622X:GOOD:RTEX
              



Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and .
If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. We invite you to 
    learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon
  .





                Access codes and supplements are not guaranteed with used items.
            










45 Used from $25.01




FREE Shipping




Add to Cart






Turn on 1-Click ordering































Buy new

				On clicking this link, a new layer will be open
			



	
	    
	    	
		        $32.95
        	
	        
        
        

				On clicking this link, a new layer will be open
			









        
            
            In Stock.
        
        
    




    





    
        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
        Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
        

        
            Gift-wrap available.
        









                    Want it Monday, July 31?
                
                Order within  and choose One-Day Shipping at checkout.
                
                    Details

















List Price: $49.99


                      Save: $17.04
                       (34%)
				


44 New from $32.94




FREE Shipping.








Qty:
1
                            
2
                            
3
                            
4
                            
5
                            
6
                            
7
                            
8
                            
9
                            
10
                            
11
                            
12
                            
13
                            
14
                            
15
                            
16
                            
17
                            
18
                            
19
                            
20
                            
21
                            
22
                            
23
                            
24
                            
25
                            
26
                            
27
                            
28
                            
29
                            
30
                            
Qty:1














                    The Pragmatic Programmer:...
                    has been added to your Cart
                






Add to Cart




Turn on 1-Click ordering









                    Ship to:
                





                            mountainview, 94035
                        







                        To see addresses, please
                    


                        Sign in
                    






or

                        Use this location:
                    






                                Update
                            




                                Please enter a valid US zip code.
                            



                            Please enter a valid US zip code.
                        



                            Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).
                        


or



























                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Kindle





"Please retry"







$31.19 







                            —
                        

                            —
                        



















Paperback




"Please retry"






$32.95 







$31.03




$25.01


















		More Buying Choices
	



44 New from $32.94

45 Used from $25.01

1 Rentals from $29.72






90 offers from $25.01




                    See All Buying Options
                














 









 -- Ward Cunningham Straight from the programming trenches, The Pragmatic Programmer cuts through the increasing specialization and technicalities of modern software development to examine the core process--taking a requirement and producing working, maintainable code that delights its users. It covers topics ranging from personal responsibility and career development to architectural techniques for keeping your code flexible and easy to adapt and reuse. Read this book, and youll learn how to *Fight software rot; *Avoid the trap of duplicating knowledge; *Write flexible, dynamic, and adaptable code; *Avoid programming by coincidence; *Bullet-proof your code with contracts, assertions, and exceptions; *Capture real requirements; *Test ruthlessly and effectively; *Delight your users; *Build teams of pragmatic programmers; and *Make your developments more precise with automation. Written as a series of self-contained sections and filled with entertaining anecdotes, thoughtful examples, and interesting analogies, The Pragmatic Programmer illustrates the best practices and major pitfalls of many different aspects of software development. Whether youre a new coder, an experienced programm











Read more
Read less















The Amazon Book Review
  
Author interviews, book reviews, editors picks, and more.
Read it now












See all buying options










        The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master
    





        $32.95
    

FREE Shipping.



        
            
            
                In Stock.
                        
        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
        
            
                
                
            

            Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
            

            Gift-wrap available.
            

            
            
        
        
    


        




















 click to open popover 






Frequently bought together






++


Total price: $99.89

Add all three to Cart
Add all three to List




Buy the selected items togetherThis item:The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master by Andrew Hunt Paperback $32.95 In Stock.Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.FREE Shipping. DetailsClean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship by Robert C. Martin Paperback $36.87 In Stock.Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.FREE Shipping. DetailsCode Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction, Second Edition by Steve McConnell Paperback $30.07 In Stock.Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.FREE Shipping. Details










Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction, Second Edition
        

Steve McConnell


4.6 out of 5 stars

463

  #1 Best Seller in Client-Server Networking…  Paperback$30.07 Prime





            Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship
        

Robert C. Martin


4.5 out of 5 stars

347

  #1 Best Seller in Software Testing  Paperback$36.87 Prime





            The Clean Coder: A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers
        

Robert C. Martin


4.4 out of 5 stars

123

Paperback$32.39 Prime





            The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering, Anniversary Edition (2nd Edition)
        

Frederick P. Brooks


4.4 out of 5 stars

291

  #1 Best Seller in Microprocessor Design  Paperback$27.73 Prime





            Programming Pearls (2nd Edition)
        

Jon Bentley


4.3 out of 5 stars

88

Paperback$29.02 Prime





            Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software
        

Erich Gamma


4.5 out of 5 stars

483

  #1 Best Seller in Software Reuse  Hardcover$37.88 Prime


Next






         Sponsored products related to this item  (What's this?)       Page  1  of  1     Start over       Sponsored Products are advertisements for products sold by merchants on Amazon.com. When you click on a Sponsored Product ad, you will be taken to an Amazon detail page where you can learn more about the product and purchase it.   To learn more about Amazon Sponsored Products, click here.              Feedback       The Complete Software Developer's Career Guide: How to Learn Your Next Programming Language, Ace Your Programming Interview, and Land The Coding Job Of Your Dreams   John Sonmez   Technical knowledge alone isn’t enough—earn more by leveling up your “soft skills.” Learn faster, command respect, and earn what you're worth.     4.9 out of 5 stars    223   Kindle Edition   $9.99              Feedback       The Software Engineer's Guide to Freelance Consulting: The new book that encompasses finding and maintaining clients as a software developer, tax and legal tips, and everything in between.   Zack Burt   Double your hourly rate as a software developer by following this guide to best practices for making more money by finding and pleasing clients     4.5 out of 5 stars    9   Kindle Edition   $9.97              Feedback       The Power of Computational Thinking: Games, Magic and Puzzles to Help You Become a Computational Thinker   Paul Curzon   Paperback   $23.98    Prime               Feedback       30 Days To Your First Freelance Programming Client: Step-by-step guide to finding your first client   Zack Burt   If you can follow a JavaScript tutorial, you can follow our 30-day playbook for growing a freelance consulting business. One task per day. Enjoy!     5 out of 5 stars    1   Kindle Edition   $2.99              Feedback       C# For Beginners: The tactical guidebook - Learn CSharp by coding   Jonas Fagerberg   Learn C# fast by implementing many applications, varying from beginner to intermediate, using a modular, step-by-step, approach.     3.9 out of 5 stars    9   Kindle Edition   $37.00              Feedback       ASP.NET MVC 5 - Building a Website with Visual Studio 2015 and C Sharp: The Tactical Guidebook   Jonas Fagerberg   Learn MVC5 fast by implementing a membership website, using a modular step-by-step approach. C#, HTML5, CSS3, Razor, EF, JQuery, Ajax, CRUD and more.     4.6 out of 5 stars    6   Kindle Edition   $37.00              Feedback       Activity and Game Book: Basic Skills for 6-7 Years Olds (Learn and Have Fun)   Caramel     4.3 out of 5 stars    4   Paperback   $7.95    Prime                Back         Next          Ad feedback    






Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback
















From the Publisher






















































                                Title
                            



                                            The Pragmatic Programmer
                                        



                                            How to Use Objects
                                        



                                            Hacker's Delight
                                        



                                            Effective Debugging
                                        





                                Author
                            



                                            Andrew Hunt, David Thomas
                                        



                                            Holger Gast
                                        



                                            Henry S. Warren
                                        



                                            Diomidis Spinellis
                                        





                                Page Count
                            



                                            352
                                        



                                            832
                                        



                                            512
                                        



                                            256
                                        





                                Pub Date
                            



                                            10/20/1999
                                        



                                            12/15/2015
                                        



                                            9/25/2012
                                        



                                            6/23/2016
                                        





                                Binding
                            



                                            Paperback
                                        



                                            Hardcover
                                        



                                            Hardcover
                                        



                                            Paperback
                                        





                                Series
                            



                                            None
                                        



                                            None
                                        



                                            None
                                        



                                            Effective Software Development Series
                                        





                                Description
                            



                                            Straight from the programming trenches, The Pragmatic Programmer cuts through the increasing specialization and technicalities of modern software development to examine the core process--taking a requirement and producing working, maintainable code that delights its users. It covers topics ranging from personal responsibility and career development to architectural techniques for keeping your code flexible and easy to adapt and reuse.
                                        



                                            "While most developers today use object-oriented languages, the full power of objects is available only to those with a deep understanding of the object paradigm. How to Use Objects will help you gain that understanding, so you can write code that works exceptionally well in the real world. Author Holger Gast focuses on the concepts that have repeatedly proven most valuable and shows how to render those concepts in concrete code. He explores crucial intricacies, clarifies easily misunderstood ideas, and helps you avoid subtle errors that could have disastrous consequences. "
                                        



                                            Hank Warren once again compiles an irresistible collection of programming hacks: timesaving techniques, algorithms, and tricks that help programmers build more elegant and efficient software, while also gaining deeper insights into their craft. Warren’s hacks are eminently practical, but they’re also intrinsically interesting, and sometimes unexpected, much like the solution to a great puzzle. They are, in a word, a delight to any programmer who is excited by the opportunity to improve.
                                        



                                            Diomidis Spinellis helps experienced programmers accelerate their journey to mastery, by systematically categorizing, explaining, and illustrating the most useful debugging methods, strategies, techniques, and tools. Drawing on more than thirty-five years of experience, Spinellis expands your arsenal of debugging techniques, helping you choose the best approaches for each challenge. He presents vendor-neutral, example-rich advice on general principles, high-level strategies, concrete techniques, high-efficiency tools, creative tricks, and the behavioral traits associated with effective debugging.
                                        




















                    Editorial Reviews
                    
                 


Amazon.com Review


Programmers are craftspeople trained to use a certain set of tools (editors, object managers, version trackers) to generate a certain kind of product (programs) that will operate in some environment (operating systems on hardware assemblies). Like any other craft, computer programming has spawned a body of wisdom, most of which isn't taught at universities or in certification classes. Most programmers arrive at the so-called tricks of the trade over time, through independent experimentation. In The Pragmatic Programmer, Andrew Hunt and David Thomas codify many of the truths they've discovered during their respective careers as designers of software and writers of code. Some of the authors' nuggets of pragmatism are concrete, and the path to their implementation is clear. They advise readers to learn one text editor, for example, and use it for everything. They also recommend the use of version-tracking software for even the smallest projects, and promote the merits of learning regular expression syntax and a text-manipulation language. Other (perhaps more valuable) advice is more light-hearted. In the debugging section, it is noted that, "if you see hoof prints think horses, not zebras." That is, suspect everything, but start looking for problems in the most obvious places. There are recommendations for making estimates of time and expense, and for integrating testing into the development process. You'll want a copy of The Pragmatic Programmer for two reasons: it displays your own accumulated wisdom more cleanly than you ever bothered to state it, and it introduces you to methods of work that you may not yet have considered. Working programmers will enjoy this book. --David Wall Topics covered: A useful approach to software design and construction that allows for efficient, profitable development of high-quality products. Elements of the approach include specification development, customer relations, team management, design practices, development tools, and testing procedures. This approach is presented with the help of anecdotes and technical problems.
						    	
					    	

Read more

From the Publisher


As a reviewer I got an early opportunity to read the book you are holding. It was great, even in draft form. Dave Thomas and Andy Hunt have something to say, and they know how to say it. I saw what they were doing and I knew it would work. I asked to write this foreword so that I could explain why.  Simply put, this book tells you how to program in a way that you can follow. You wouldn't think that that would be a hard thing to do, but it is. Why? For one thing, not all programming books are written by programmers. Many are compiled by language designers, or the journalists who work with them to promote their creations. Those books tell you how to talk in a programming language---which is certainly important, but that is only a small part of what a programmer does.   What does a programmer do besides talk in programming language? Well, that is a deeper issue. Most programmers would have trouble explaining what they do. Programming is a job filled with details, and keeping track of those details requires focus. Hours drift by and the code appears. You look up and there are all of those statements. If you don't think carefully, you might think that programming is just typing statements in a programming language. You would be wrong, of course, but you wouldn't be able to tell by looking around the programming section of the bookstore.   In The Pragmatic Programmer Dave and Andy tell us how to program in a way that we can follow. How did they get so smart? Aren't they just as focused on details as other programmers? The answer is that they paid attention to what they were doing while they were doing it---and then they tried to do it better.   Imagine that you are sitting in a meeting. Maybe you are thinking that the meeting could go on forever and that you would rather be programming. Dave and Andy would be thinking about why they were having the meeting, and wondering if there is something else they could do that would take the place of the meeting, and deciding if that something could be automated so that the work of the meeting just happens in the future. Then they would do it.   That is just the way Dave and Andy think. That meeting wasn't something keeping them from programming. It was programming. And it was programming that could be improved. I know they think this way because it is tip number two: Think About Your Work.   So imagine that these guys are thinking this way for a few years. Pretty soon they would have a collection of solutions. Now imagine them using their solutions in their work for a few more years, and discarding the ones that are too hard or don't always produce results. Well, that approach just about defines pragmatic. Now imagine them taking a year or two more to write their solutions down. You might think, That information would be a gold mine. And you would be right.   The authors tell us how they program. And they tell us in a way that we can follow. But there is more to this second statement than you might think. Let me explain.   The authors have been careful to avoid proposing a theory of software development. This is fortunate, because if they had they would be obliged to warp each chapter to defend their theory. Such warping is the tradition in, say, the physical sciences, where theories eventually become laws or are quietly discarded. Programming on the other hand has few (if any) laws. So programming advice shaped around wanna-be laws may sound good in writing, but it fails to satisfy in practice. This is what goes wrong with so many methodology books.   I've studied this problem for a dozen years and found the most promise in a device called a pattern language. In short, a pattern is a solution, and a pattern language is a system of solutions that reinforce each other. A whole community has formed around the search for these systems.   This book is more than a collection of tips. It is a pattern language in sheep's clothing. I say that because each tip is drawn from experience, told as concrete advice, and related to others to form a system. These are the characteristics that allow us to learn and follow a pattern language. They work the same way here.   You can follow the advice in this book because it is concrete. You won't find vague abstractions. Dave and Andy write directly for you, as if each tip was a vital strategy for energizing your programming career. They make it simple, they tell a story, they use a light touch, and then they follow that up with answers to questions that will come up when you try.   And there is more. After you read ten or fifteen tips you will begin to see an extra dimension to the work. We sometimes call it QWAN, short for the quality without a name. The book has a philosophy that will ooze into your consciousness and mix with your own. It doesn't preach. It just tells what works. But in the telling more comes through. That's the beauty of the book: It embodies its philosophy, and it does so unpretentiously.   So here it is: an easy to read---and use---book about the whole practice of programming. I've gone on and on about why it works. You probably only care that it does work. It does. You will see.   --Ward Cunningham


Read more


            See all Editorial Reviews













Product details


Paperback: 352 pages
Publisher: Addison-Wesley Professional; 1 edition (October 30, 1999)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 020161622X
ISBN-13: 978-0201616224

    Product Dimensions: 
    
    7.3 x 0.9 x 9.1 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 1.3 pounds (View shipping rates and policies)
Average Customer Review:




4.5 out of 5 stars






      347 customer reviews
    




Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#8,506 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 

































































































#25
in Books > Textbooks > Computer Science > Programming Languages


#33
in Books > Computers & Technology > Software


#55
in Books > Computers & Technology > Programming



 
Would you like to tell us about a lower price?If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?











NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE














    Start reading The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master on your Kindle in under a minute.


    
Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.











Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more











Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback















Customer reviews4.5 out of 5 stars3474.5 out of 5 stars5 star69%4 star18%3 star7%2 star3%1 star3%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviews




        Rated by customers interested in
      


What's this?







        Software Engineering
      


4.0 out of 5 stars



        4.0 out of 5 stars
      









          Is this feature helpful?
        


            Yes
          



            No
          







        Thank you for your feedback.
      




Top customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsA ClassicByWilliam Leuon September 4, 2016Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseI absolutely love this book. I originally got it in 2005 as a textbook for one of my college classes. We didn't have to actually read it for the course though - I guess it was just something extra the school could charge us for. After I graduated and a few years into the workforce as a professional programmer (programming 3D graphics at the Johnson Space Center), I decided to read this mystery book that was dusting on my bookshelf.I was surprised at how much information I could relate to, the anecdotes and guidelines it outlines are things that I would have told my younger self when I started programming if I had the chance. Earlier this year I reread the book just to revisit the tips that were being outlined, and they still make perfect sense.What exactly is this book about? It's series articles containing tips that are meant for programmers who want to be effective and efficient, who program as a profession, who have project risks that need to be evaluated, team-members they need to work with, code that needs to meet quality standards, code that is maintained as legacy the moment it's compiled and shipped, and it's about considering your value as a programmer to the company and updating and grooming your skills to advance your career.Every single tip and anecdote in the book may not apply to everybody, and you may not agree with all of them, but I believe it's essential reading for anyone who wants a fulfilling career in software development. I'd say the best time to read the book would be about 6 months to 2 years after you've started working professionally; that gives some time to make real-world experiences relevant and understandable to what the book is preaching , but early enough in your career to leverage it's knowledge for the future.Read more0Comment|
      11 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsLearn. Think. Program. Perfect.ByPeter J. Hansonon June 30, 2015Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseThis book provides sound, practical advice that makes sense on almost any development project. The Pragmatic Programmer is not limited to a specific niche or language – any developer can take and apply these principles. It employs a good, familiar writing style which makes the book easy to digest, and the material is quick to absorb and apply.Thomas and Hunt present content that is useful for everyone from the novice to the expert. They organize their advice into approximately 46 topics that cover a wide range of programming best practices. The tips build on each other throughout and are loosely categorized so that tips on similar themes are grouped together. To get the most out of it, I suggest reading the whole book, or at least sizeable sections, beginning to end to clearly see how they integrate. However, because there are so many tips, integrating them all at once initially may be difficult. It’s easy to bite off more than you can chew here, so perhaps a good starting point is to begin with the tips that are most relevant for you and branch out from there. A couple of sections resonated strongly with me:1) A useful practice that I operate by and push my developers to operate by is refactoring (Chapter 6 – “While You Are Coding”, p. 184). This book provides a framework for the appropriate mindset to take on how to handle and maintain a code base. In refactoring, you don’t relate the software so much to a construction project but to creating and maintaining a garden – code is dynamic and its environment is ever changing. You’ll need to adapt and adjust code as the project moves along, and developers need to operate from the mindset that they’ll need to change things and adapt their code as they proceed.2) Another practice that I follow extensively is Design by Contract (Chapter 4 – “Pragmatic Paranoia”, p. 109), or the idea that you build/structure elements to a defined contract. This could be a contract between systems, classes, or even functions. I use this approach with both my local developers and external developers, and this book gives a good framework and guidelines on how applications and classes need to work. For example, I can define a contract for how a base class and its subclasses need to work and interact, and then work with a developer to provide the specific implementation for that class. I also use this approach for APIs when coordinating with an external team to handle an exchange of data.I’m a software architect and developer with over 20 years of industry experience across a number of languages and systems, and I’ve completed hundreds of projects both individually and with technical and cross-disciplinary teams of varying sizes. Most of the subjects covered in this book are best practices I look for or insist on establishing on my projects to ensure work moves along smoothly during development. This book covers the spectrum – it’s equally useful to me, my project managers and developers, and those just getting into our industry. It’s a solid book to return to every once in a while to make sure you’re in alignment with best practices. I highly recommend it to both new and experienced developers.  I hope it helps you as much as it’s helped me.Read more22 comments|
      46 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse3.0 out of 5 starsInconsistent, but some gems.ByJames Leiberton October 18, 2015Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseThe good:- The advice on metaprogramming is probably the strongest part of the book. I really liked the clarity of the examples. The key idea is that you should program the structure and methods in code, and provide the detailed implementation (business rules, algorithms etc.) as data.- The advice on code generators, little languages and plain text interfaces is solid advice worth reiterating and the sections on these are good. However, I preferred the treatment offered by Jon Bentley in his really excellent Programming Pearls books- The section on automation is a healthy reminder that programmers should have a "do it once, or automate" philosophy- The section on contract-driven development is worthy and echoes current practice. Jon Bentley's version is a more theoretical, conceptual approach, less polluted by particular industry practices.- The sections on test-driven development is fine, but the ideas are much better handled by Kent Beck's booksThe not so good:- The chapters on Pragmatism, Specification, Team Work and Discipline fit nicely with the general themes of the book, but say very little of practical value. If you are interested in operating in a team environment, this isn't the book you are looking for.- The section on programming methodologies is so wishy-washy it's hard to know what advice if any to take away from it- References to specific resources are somewhat out of date (the book was written 15 years ago)The Pragmatic Programmer is worth the price, but if you are thinking of buying this book because you are a relatively new programmer and are looking for advice, I would strongly suggest first reading the much better books:Jon Bentley's Programming Pearls and More Programming PearlsKernighan and Pike's The Practice of ProgrammingKent Beck's Extreme Programming ExplainedAnother book you might be interested in is Susan Lammers, Programmers at Work. Although it is very old (1989), its interesting that most of the programmers interviewed discuss exactly the same themes picked up in The Pragmatic Programmer.In case you were also thinking about buying a copy of Code Complete, which is also often recommended to new programmers, also hold off - its far too long and a great deal of it feels like a padded-out outline.Read more0Comment|
      51 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review

Most recent customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsGreat book!GREAT book. I bought it for a class but I'll be reading it cover to cover this summer. If you want to work in computer science, you have to read this book.Read morePublished 2 months ago by Katie Howland5.0 out of 5 starsVery useful book.This is a pleasure to read and brings up some great points. I can see why it has become a classic.Published 2 months ago by Tabby3.0 out of 5 starsGood book, outdated thoughIt's a good book but outdated. The author is a visionary to talk about 'Test Driven Development' at the time book was written. However as I mentioned it's outdated.Read morePublished 2 months ago by subbu lakshmanan5.0 out of 5 starsThe bible of programmersI will mark an appointment in my calendar to read this book at least once a year. It give you tips and recommendations to become a master programmer.Read morePublished 3 months ago by Gabriel Molter5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsIt was a Christmas Gift well appreciated.Published 3 months ago by gaetano5.0 out of 5 starsA must-read for every software engineerWish I'd read this book sooner in my career. I learned most of the insights "the hard way" over a course of several years. Fantastic and timeless.Published 4 months ago by Chase H.5.0 out of 5 stars... this gift after several programmers at my current job recommended it as a mustMy brother is a computer scientist - I gave him this gift after several programmers at my current job recommended it as a must.Read morePublished 6 months ago by Maria Elena Guadamuz, PhD5.0 out of 5 starsGiftThis was a gift for my son and he was enjoying it.Published 6 months ago by Susan Jones3.0 out of 5 starsSo good, the industry adopted it — Needs a 2nd editionWhen I first read this in 2008, some of it seems obvious, the rest looked like really good advice. Reading it again in 2016, it seems that most successful software engineering...Read morePublished 7 months ago by Ian Wilkinson5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsBest book for programmers.it's like a pocket dictionary.Published 7 months ago by Amazon CustomerSearch customer reviewsSearch





Set up an Amazon Giveaway








Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. Learn more about Amazon Giveaway


This item: The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master


Set up a giveaway















Customers who viewed this item also viewedPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship
        

Robert C. Martin


4.5 out of 5 stars

347

  #1 Best Seller in Software Testing  Paperback$36.87 Prime





            Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction, Second Edition
        

Steve McConnell


4.6 out of 5 stars

463

  #1 Best Seller in Client-Server Networking…  Paperback$30.07 Prime





            Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software
        

Erich Gamma


4.5 out of 5 stars

483

  #1 Best Seller in Software Reuse  Hardcover$37.88 Prime





            Programming Pearls (2nd Edition)
        

Jon Bentley


4.3 out of 5 stars

88

Paperback$29.02 Prime





            The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering, Anniversary Edition (2nd Edition)
        

Frederick P. Brooks


4.4 out of 5 stars

291

  #1 Best Seller in Microprocessor Design  Paperback$27.73 Prime





            The Clean Coder: A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers
        

Robert C. Martin


4.4 out of 5 stars

123

Paperback$32.39 Prime


Next






Pages with related products.
See and discover other items: computer software engineering, unit testing, software design, language development, soft skills, object oriented programming















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates





























Most Important Story Bible - Hunt David - 9781608341542 - jesusbookandgift.com













New Free Shipping All Orders $69+
Welcome Guest • LoginHomeHelpCustomer ServiceMy AccountMy Cart (0)




SHOP








Follow Us:All ProductsAll ProductsBooksMusicBiblesKidsVideoGiftsSoftwareSpanishAccompanimentHomeschoolChurch SuppliesAdvanced Search





0




About Us
Contact Us
Upcoming Events
Directions
Our Blog
Our Current Catalogs
Community Events
Local Weather
Marketplace
Devotions
How to Find God


Never miss an update. Subscribe!




You can unsubscribe at any time.





New Free Shipping All Orders $69+


 Most Important Story BibleBy: Hunt DavidMost Important Story
1997
$7.99
Retail: $9.95
Save 20% ($1.96)
Look for Similar Products by Subject:Kids Books  Share:Buy Online$7.99
Retail: $9.95
Save 20% ($1.96)
Online Stock: 43Add to Cart





Jesus Book and Gift Store

About Us
Contact Us
Upcoming Events
Directions
Our Blog
Our Current Catalogs

Community Info

Community Events
Local Weather
Marketplace

Online Shopping

My Account
Online Gift Certificates

Free Shipping Details


Featured Shopping

Just Released
Sale Bestsellers

Gifts for Him
Gifts for Her




Back To School
Bargains
Christian Book Award Winners
Bible Study Resources
VeggieTales
Dove Awards Winners

Feature Showcase






Spiritual Helps

Devotions
How to Find God
Scripture

Inside Scoop

Current Bestsellers
Meet the Author
Read a Chapter
Listen to Music Samples
Accompaniment Samples



Product DescriptionThis is the Most Important Story Bible your child may ever receive because it is not stories that man has written. It is God's Word, paraphrased for better understand, but practically all Scripture. We know from God's Word itself that all Scripture is God speaking to each one of us and it is the truth and power of God's inspired words that transforms lives.It contains some of the most outstanding artwork developed by a team of committed believers who poured their lives into this Bible that is so attractive to readers of any age.  The illustrations draw the reader in and each page is an original piece of art to help communicate that particular passage of Scripture.This is not a storybook but the Bible sharing God's plan for everyone to know the path to get to know Him, seek his forgiveness and become His child forever. We are so committed that the Gospel message be absolutely clear that we have included the entire evangelistic book - The Most Important Story ever told so every reader will be invited to pray a prayer of salvation and challenges the new believer to go share their new found faith.More Product InformationPublisher: Most Important Story
ISBN: 1608341542
ISBN-13: 9781608341542
SKU: 9781608341542
Release Date: 12/24/1996
Related ProductsOut of StockMost Important Story Bible Box of 20Hunt David Only $139.92 Reg. $159.00Add to CartMost Important Story Ever Told in CreoleHunt David Only $1.72 Reg. $1.95Out of StockMost Important Story New Testament inHunt David Only $113.96 Reg. $129.50Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 4 inHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockMost Important Story Ever Told inHunt David Only $171.60 Reg. $195.00Out of StockMost Important Story Ever Told 36 pageHunt David Only $649.00 Reg. $737.50Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 1 inHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Add to CartGospel Of John Most Important Story NTHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockColoring & Activity Book Vol 3 inHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockGospel Of John Most Important Story NTHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockMost Important Story Bible in SpanishHunt David Only $139.92 Reg. $159.00Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 4Hunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Add to CartMost Important Story New TestamentHunt David Only $12.99 Reg. $14.95Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 2Hunt David Only $2.99Add to CartMost Important Story Ever Told - SpanishHunt David Only $1.99Add to CartMost Important Story Ever Told (36 PgHunt David Only $2.99


























Summer Fashion 2017 – Best Dresses & Outfits for Summer | eBay
Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotificationFashion
Shop By CategoryWomen's ClothingShop Women's ClothingDressesWomen's ClothingTops & BlousesWomen's ClothingAthletic ApparelWomen's ClothingT-ShirtsWomen's ClothingJeansWomen's ClothingPantsWomen's ClothingSwimwearWomen's ClothingCoats & JacketsWomen's ClothingMen's ClothingShop Men's ClothingT-ShirtsMen's ClothingJeansMen's ClothingCasual ShirtsMen's ClothingAthletic ApparelMen's ClothingCoats & JacketsMen's ClothingShoesShop ShoesWomen's ShoesShoesMen's ShoesShoesCollectible SneakersShoesGirls' ShoesShoesBoys' ShoesShoesBaby & Toddler ShoesShoesJewelryShop JewelryFashion Necklaces & PendantsJewelryFine Necklaces & PendantsJewelryFashion EarringsJewelryFine EarringsJewelryFashion BraceletsJewelryFine BraceletsJewelryFashion RingsJewelryFine RingsJewelryEngagement & WeddingJewelryVintage & Antique JewelryJewelryMen’s JewelryJewelryWatches, Parts & AccessoriesShop Watches, Parts & AccessoriesLuxury WatchesWatches, Parts & AccessoriesMen's WatchesWatches, Parts & AccessoriesWomen's WatchesWatches, Parts & AccessoriesHandbags & AccessoriesShop Handbags & AccessoriesLuxury HandbagsHandbags & AccessoriesWomen's AccessoriesHandbags & AccessoriesMen's AccessoriesHandbags & AccessoriesBeautyShop BeautyMakeupBeautyFragrancesBeautySkin CareBeautyBath & BodyBeautyNail Care, Manicure & PedicureBeautyHair Care & StylingBeautySalon & Spa EquipmentBeautyShaving & Hair RemovalBeautyHealthShop HealthMassageHealthMedical, Mobility & DisabilityHealthNatural & Alternative RemediesHealthOral CareHealthSexual WellnessHealthVision CareHealthVitamins & Dietary SupplementsHealthWeight ManagementHealthVintageShop VintageWomen's Vintage ClothingVintageMen's Vintage ClothingVintageChildren's Vintage ClothingVintageVintage AccessoriesVintageWomen's Vintage ShoesVintageMen's Vintage ShoesVintageKids & BabyShop Kids & BabyGirls' Clothing (Newborn-5T)Kids & BabyGirls' Clothing (Sizes 4 & Up)Kids & BabyBoys' Clothing (Newborn-5T)Kids & BabyBoys' Clothing (Sizes 4 & Up)Kids & BabyTop BrandsadidasShop adidasWomen's ShoesadidasMen's ShoesadidasWomen's AppareladidasMen's AppareladidasAir JordanTop BrandsAnthropologieTop BrandsCalvin KleinShop Calvin KleinPerfume & CologneCalvin KleinWomen's ShoesCalvin KleinMen's ShoesCalvin KleinWomen's ApparelCalvin KleinMen's ApparelCalvin KleinChanelShop ChanelHandbags & AccessoriesChanelShoesChanelPerfume & CologneChanelMakeupChanelSkin CareChanelCoachShop CoachHandbagsCoachAccessories & WalletsCoachWatchesCoachShoesCoachPerfume & CologneCoachDavid YurmanTop BrandsDolce VidaTop BrandsGucciTop BrandsInvictaTop BrandsJ.CrewTop BrandsLevi'sTop BrandsLouis VuittonTop BrandsMadewellTop BrandsMichael KorsShop Michael KorsHandbags & PursesMichael KorsWomen's AccessoriesMichael KorsWatchesMichael KorsShoesMichael KorsPerfume & CologneMichael KorsNikeShop NikeWomen's ShoesNikeMen's ShoesNikeWomen's ApparelNikeMen's ApparelNikeOmegaTop BrandsRalph LaurenShop Ralph LaurenWomen's ShoesRalph LaurenMen's ShoesRalph LaurenWomen's ApparelRalph LaurenMen's ApparelRalph LaurenPerfume & CologneRalph LaurenRay-BanTop BrandsRolexTop BrandsTory BurchTop BrandsUnder ArmourTop BrandsVictoria's SecretShop Victoria's SecretWomen's ClothingVictoria's SecretBath & BodyVictoria's SecretSales & EventsFashion Sales & EventsSales & EventsFashion Daily DealsSales & EventsSubscribe to Fashion DealsSales & EventsFashion TrendsGinghamFashion TrendsAviatorsFashion TrendsMetallic ShoesFashion TrendsSlogan TeesFashion TrendsOff the ShoulderFashion TrendsStreet SneakersFashion TrendsListings We LoveFashion TrendsStyle StoriesFashion TrendsSell on eBayConsign ItemsSell on eBaySell DirectSell on eBay

Save up to 60% on Athletic StylesWork it out in adidas, Nike, and more.Your Summer Look for LessDresses, tanks, and more from $9.99Summer Style, Now on SalePolos, shorts, and more from $9.99Louis Vuitton x SupremeShop the season's hottest collaborationTop Uniform Styles From $4.99Shop Cat & Jack, Old Navy, and moreShop By CategoryWomen's ClothingDresses - Women's Clothing | Tops & Blouses - Women's Clothing | Jeans - Women's Clothing | Women's ShoesSandals - Women's Shoes | Flats & Oxfords - Women's Shoes | Heels - Women's Shoes | HandbagsContemporary Bags - Handbags | Luxury Bags - Handbags | Women's JewelryFashion - Women's Jewelry | Fine - Women's Jewelry | Kids' ClothingGirls' - Kids' Clothing | Boys' - Kids' Clothing | BeautyMakeup - Beauty | Fragrance - Beauty | Skincare - Beauty | Men's ClothingT-Shirts - Men's Clothing | Athletic Apparel - Men's Clothing | Jeans - Men's Clothing | WatchesMen's  - Watches | Women's  - Watches | Men's ShoesCasuals - Men's Shoes | Athletic - Men's Shoes | Collectible Sneakers - Men's Shoes | Shop the Look: Our New TV CommercialSee More LooksHover over their outfit to get the look
		Shop Top Fashion DealsShop Allaeropostale mens a87 solid jersey polo shirt 
		$13.00$26.50(50% off)PUMA evoSPEED 5.5 Men's Indoor Soccer Shoes 
		$24.99$55.00(54% off)Ray-Ban Women's Gradient Erika RB4171-865/13-54 Brown Round Sunglasses 
		$87.99$140.00(37% off)Call It Spring 8258 Womens Terryn Pink Gladiator Sandals 7.5 Medium (B,M) BHFO 
		$19.99$24.99(20% off)Shop By BrandFree PeopleMadewellLululemonRalph LaurenNikeJ.CrewCool, Go-To Looks From $7.99Shop Gap, Gymboree, and moreHit the Ground RunningMen's athletic shoes from $24.99Jump Into ActionWomen's athletic shoes from $24.99Shop By TrendGinghamAviatorsMetallic ShoesSlogan TeesOff the ShoulderStreet Sneakers
        Featured Videos
    
Dress to ImpressDress to impress and make the best of every day no matter what it has in store. With fashion's hottest must haves and accessories, you can find what you've been looking for on eBay.Fashionably PerfectThe stylish range of men's and women's clothing and shoes sizzle from head to toe, no matter the season. It's easier than ever to browse handbags, watches, and special occasion outfits by style, brand, or price. Search on eBay for women's fashion, men's fashion, clothes, shoes, handbags, jewelry, watches, jackets and more.Top Fashion BrandsIf brands are your thing, you can surf eBay to find handbags by Vera Bradley, watches by Rolex, athletic apparel by Nike, shoes form Nine West, jackets from Michael Kors, and shoes from Puma. It's all here in the eBay Fashion Department.Men's FashionDon't skimp when it comes to menswear that looks sharp and stylish. Beef up your closet with fashionable jeans, sweaters, and suits. eBay has a selection of accessories to fit your fancy, including hats, ties, wallets, and sunglasses. Grab a new briefcase for work or find the perfect backpack that holds all of your hiking supplies.Women's FashionBrowse the wide selection of style pieces on eBay, and unearth a world of trendy treasures for women and girls. Check out boots, heels, sandals, and athletic footwear that will keep you and your entire family moving year round. You can find sales that include top picks for fashionistas, or discover daily deals that add oomph to your closet without breaking the bank.Shopping is Fun!Take the strain out of shopping with eBay. Find great deals on classy clothing, stylish shoes, haute handbags, and jazzy jewelry. There are fashions and accessories for men, women, children, and babies so start shopping now.




David Head's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MDavid Head#456235@david_headCo-founder @ Sixty33Following61FollowersFollow12 UpvotesSunu bandSonar wristband that improves mobility for the blindWearables+ 1 save 234 9Meetingbird for GmailView your calendar and schedule meetings right from GmailEmail+ 5 save 657 38Fast409AThe fast, easy way to get a 409A valuation.SaaS+ 2 save 346 33PaveAI 2.0Turn Google Analytics into actionable insights using A.I.Marketing+ 3 save 621 37SlikGet automated leads from a database of 70 million people 📊Marketing+ 4 save 1046 87SixtyFully managed experts marketplace for SaaS companiesTech save 215 16Hykso 2.0Tiny sensors that track punches for better trainingInternet of Things+ 6 save 198 12SolveSaving international travelers hours of time in airportsTech+ 1 save 382 19SonotizeThe ONLY App that REWARDS you for Streaming Music!Music+ 2 save 134 23UpscribeEmbeddable newsletter sign up forms for MediumMedium+ 3 save 1102 146Lead FlowsAll-in-one conversion pop-ups for your websiteMarketing+ 5 save 810 87React UIkit ComponentsCollection of React components using the UIkit CSS frameworkTech+ 2 save 330 1Share this profileRecent CommentsMeetingbird for GmailSixtySixtySixtySixty









David's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up David#36582@davidjSocial Media and Content Marketing72Following149FollowersFollow38 UpvotesAbove the FoldA single view across multiple news outlets.Tech+ 2 save 42 2OK VideoHold the screen to record a quick video sequenceiPhone+ 2 save 161 15SendOutAffordable email marketing for bloggers and influencersMarketing+ 2 save 473 55SocialRank RealtimeSocial media command center for oneTech+ 2 save 182 26NotepinExtremely simple note-takingNote+ 8 save 926 41Is Now IllegalDeclare things illegal and Trump will sign it! 🚫Donald Trump+ 3 save 707 33Donald DrawsTrump draws for everyone!Donald Trump+ 4 save 575 26Executive Order GeneratorMake Trump sign an EO for anything!Donald Trump+ 3 save 502 34Notebook for MacThe beautifully simple note-taking app from Zoho. Now on MacTouch Bar Apps+ 6 save 825 65Writefull for ChromeWriting with confidenceProductivity+ 3 save 712 39Shutterstock Editor 2.0Create professional-looking social posts, designs & moreTech+ 3 save 308 3Spark for MacBeautiful and intelligent email appTouch Bar Apps+ 7 save 2931 179RammeUnofficial Instagram desktop client build with ElectronTech+ 4 save 865 67Buffer for InstagramPlan, track, and analyze your Instagram marketingMarketing+ 3 save 1654 114KatiOS app to test any REST serviceiPad+ 5 save 82 10DooA smart, simple app for reminders and to-dosiPad+ 4 save 461 59DoSocialGet more social media attentioniPhone+ 3 save 81 6Never ReadFree Mac App that deletes your "read later" backlog Mac Menu Bar Apps+ 3 save 47 9Kenu StanceCoolest, multi-use iPhone tripod you'll find.Tech+ 1 save 136 7Kung FuryAn epic 80s-themed Kung Fu action movieVideo Streaming+ 4 save 1027 38Share this profileRecent CommentsWTHRHop Email Video CallsSpark for MacUnfollow for InstagramLookmark 2
















Amazon.com: Computer Science: Books: General AAS, Programming Languages, Artificial Intelligence & More












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks












































































Computer Science










            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Computer Programming Languages






        
            





.












Computer Networking






        
            





.












Software Design & Engineering






        
            





.












Computer Algorithms






        
            





.












Artificial Intelligence










        
            





.












Computer Graphics






        
            





.












Computer Operating Systems






        
            





.












Object-Oriented Software Design






        
            





.












Database Storage & Design






        
            





.






















Best sellers




Previous page






Algorithms to Live By: The Computer...













	Brian Christian, Tom Griffiths...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



173



$20.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








Cracking the Coding Interview: 189...


Gayle Laakmann McDowell

		Paperback
	



425



$39.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $37.95  









Deep Learning


Yoshua Bengio, ...Ian Goodfellow...




	
		Hardcover
	



86



$80.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $72.00  









Excel 2016 All-in-One For Dummies


Greg Harvey

		Paperback
	



59



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.99  









Fanatical Prospecting: The Ultimate...













	Jeb Blount, Mike Weinberg




	
		Hardcover
	



396



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.90  









Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile...













	Robert C. Martin




	
		Paperback
	



347



$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $36.87  









CompTIA Network+ All-In-One Exam...


Michael Meyers

		Hardcover
	



253



$60.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $30.51  









AWS Certified Solutions Architect...













	Joe Baron, Hisham Baz...




	
		Paperback
	



121



$60.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $34.73  









Office 2016 All-In-One For Dummies


Peter Weverka

		Paperback
	



108



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.65  









CISSP 2 Certified Information Systems...













	James M. Stewart, Mike Chapple...




	
		Paperback
	



210



$70.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $36.88  









Automate the Boring Stuff with Python...


Al Sweigart

		Paperback
	



221



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.61  









CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-105 Official...


Wendell Odom

		Hardcover
	



60



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.88  









Web Design with HTML, CSS, JavaScript...


Jon Duckett

		Paperback
	



373



$58.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $32.59  









Excel 2016 Bible


John Walkenbach

		Paperback
	



56



$54.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $30.40  









QuickBooks 2017 For Dummies


Stephen L. Nelson

		Paperback
	



62



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.87  









Don't Make Me Think, Revisited: A...


Steve Krug

		Paperback
	



1,104



$45.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $32.10  









Python Pocket Reference: Python In...


Mark Lutz

		Paperback
	



152



$14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.97  









Windows 10 For Dummies


Andy Rathbone

		Paperback
	



120



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.85  









CISSP 2 Certified Information Systems...













	James M. Stewart, Mike Chapple...




	
		Paperback
	



15



$90.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $52.84  









Learn Windows PowerShell in a Month...


Jeffery Hicks, Donald W. Jones

		Paperback
	



22



$44.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $33.84  



Next page













Most wished for




Previous page






My iPhone for Seniors


Brad Miser

		Paperback
	



72



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.72  









The Death of Expertise: The Campaign...


Thomas M. Nichols

		Hardcover
	



148



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.19  









My iPad for Seniors (4th Edition)


Michael Miller

		Paperback
	



39



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.74  









Canon EOS Rebel T6/1300D For Dummies


Julie Adair King

		Paperback
	



81



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.56  









Windows 10 For Seniors For Dummies


Peter Weverka

		Paperback
	



909



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.83  









Cooking for Geeks: Real Science...


Jeff Potter

		Paperback
	



65



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $27.66  









HTML and CSS: Design and Build Websites


Jon Duckett

		Paperback
	



1,031



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.32  









Hands-On Machine Learning with...


Aurélien Géron

		Paperback
	



61



$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $31.57  









Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers...


Nick Bostrom

		Paperback
	



349



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.35  









CompTIA A+ Certification All-in-One...


Michael Meyers

		Hardcover
	



417



$60.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $34.77  









The Pragmatic Programmer: From...


Andrew Hunt, Dave Thomas

		Paperback
	



347



$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $32.95  









Programming Arduino: Getting Started...


Simon Monk

		Paperback
	



619



$15.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.20  









Deep Thinking: Where Machine...













	Garry Kasparov, Mig Greengard




	
		Hardcover
	



25



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.53  









slide:ology: The Art and Science of...


Nancy Duarte

		Paperback
	



243



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.91  









The Shallows: What the Internet Is...


Nicholas Carr

		Paperback
	



533



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.07  









Quantum Chance: Nonlocality...













	Nicolas Gisin, Alain Aspect




	
		Paperback
	



29



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.69  









Blockchain Revolution: How the...


Don Tapscott, Alex Tapscott

		Hardcover
	



127



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.40  









The Innovators: How a Group of...


Walter Isaacson

		Paperback
	



995



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.12  









The Second Machine Age: Work...


Erik Brynjolfsson, Andrew McAfee

		Hardcover
	



563



$26.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.42  









Code Complete: A Practical Handbook...


Steve McConnell

		Paperback
	



463



$54.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $30.07  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






Mastering Bitcoin: Programming the...


Andreas M. Antonopoulos

		Paperback
	



3



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $29.11  









Samsung Galaxy S8 For Dummies













	Bill Hughes




	
		Paperback
	



4



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.27  









Learn Python 3 the Hard Way: A Very...













	Zed A. Shaw




	
		Paperback
	



4



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $30.74  









Fundamentals of Deep Learning...













	Nikhil Buduma, Nicholas Locascio




	
		Paperback
	



6



$43.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $35.30  









20 Makey Makey Projects for the Evil...


Aaron Graves, Colleen Graves

		Paperback
	



1



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.00  









Text Mining with R: A Tidy Approach













	Julia Silge, David Robinson




	
		Paperback
	



2



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $37.99  









Building Web Applications with Visual...













	Philip Japikse, Kevin Grossnicklaus...




	
		Paperback
	



1



$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $40.81  









Beginning Programming with Java For...













	Barry A. Burd




	
		Paperback
	

$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.24  









Low-Level Programming: C, Assembly...


Igor Zhirkov

		Paperback
	

$59.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $44.06  









No Fear Coding: Computational...













	Heidi Williams




	
		Paperback
	



3



$37.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $33.13  









Spring Microservices in Action













	John Carnell




	
		Paperback
	



1



$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $45.45  










This Is Service Design Doing...













	Marc Stickdorn, Markus Edgar Hormess...




	
		Paperback
	

$44.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.20  









DAMA-DMBOK: Data Management Body of...













	Dama International




	
		Paperback
	

$79.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $61.67  








Cracking the AP Computer Science A...


Princeton Review

		Paperback
	

$18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.45  









UNIX and Linux System Administration...













	Evi Nemeth, Garth Snyder...




	
		Paperback
	

$69.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $59.49  









Learning TensorFlow: A Guide to...













	Tom Hope, Yehezkel S. Resheff...




	
		Paperback
	

$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $44.64  









Kafka: The Definitive Guide...













	Neha Narkhede, Gwen Shapira...




	
		Paperback
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $36.31  









Deep Learning: A Practitioner's Approach


Adam Gibson, Josh Patterson

		Paperback
	

$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $28.56  









The Kubernetes Book


Nigel Poulton

		Paperback
	



3



$25.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.77  









Make Your Own PCBs with EAGLE: From...


Simon Monk, Duncan Amos

		Paperback
	



68



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.79  



Next page













Most gifted




Previous page






Introduction to Algorithms, 3rd Edition













	Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson...




	
		Hardcover
	



452



$99.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $71.24  








Make: Electronics: Learning Through...


Charles Platt

		Paperback
	



589



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.03  









Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable...













	Erich Gamma, Richard Helm...




	
		Hardcover
	



483



$59.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $37.88  









R for Data Science: Import, Tidy...













	Hadley Wickham, Garrett Grolemund




	
		Paperback
	



35



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $33.11  









Grokking Algorithms: An illustrated...


Aditya Bhargava

		Paperback
	



53



$44.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $29.80  









Clean Architecture: A Craftsman's...


Robert C. Martin

		Paperback
	

$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $28.51  









The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on...


Jr. Frederick P. Brooks

		Paperback
	



291



$42.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $27.73  









Hacking: The Art of Exploitation, 2nd...


Jon Erickson

		Paperback
	



224



$49.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $27.19  









The Self-Taught Programmer: The...


Cory Althoff

		Paperback
	



70



$43.20 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.38  









JavaScript and JQuery: Interactive...













	Jon Duckett




	
		Paperback
	



435



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.27  










The Art of Computer Programming...


Donald E. Knuth

		Hardcover
	



76



$259.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $191.19  









Refactoring: Improving the Design of...













	Martin Fowler, Kent Beck...




	
		Hardcover
	



211



$64.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $47.75  









Practical Statistics for Data...


Peter C. Bruce, Peter Bruce

		Paperback
	



13



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $27.23  









C Programming Language, 2nd Edition













	Brian W. Kernighan, Dennis M. Ritchie




	
		Paperback
	



664



$67.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $52.89  









Designing Data-Intensive Applications...


Martin Kleppmann

		Paperback
	



26



$44.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.70  









Data Science for Business: What You...


Tom Fawcett, Foster Provost

		Paperback
	



168



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $34.67  









Data Science from Scratch: First...


Joel Grus

		Paperback
	



85



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $28.87  









The Art of Game Design: A Book of...


Jesse Schell

		Paperback
	



167



$64.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $45.08  









CLR via C#, Second Edition













	Jeffrey Richter




	
		Paperback
	



53











Computer Science Distilled: Learn the...


Wladston Ferreira Filho

		Paperback
	



30



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.50  



Next page













Top rated




Previous page






ELECTRONIC PUBLISHING: The Definitive...













	Karen S. Wiesner, T. A. Stone...




	
		Paperback
	



53











Beyond Legacy Code: Nine Practices to...


David Scott Bernstein

		Paperback
	



36



$38.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $31.16  









Identity Theft


John R. Vacca

		Paperback
	



25











Testing and Quality Assurance for...













	Jerry Zeyu Gao, H.-S. Jacob Tsao...




	
		Paperback
	



22



$119.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $89.98  









Photoshop-Just the Skinny













	Stephen Farnow




	
		Perfect Paperback
	



22











CWAP - Certified Wireless Analysis...













	Planet3 Wireless




	
		Paperback
	



21



$74.99  









Troubleshooting Windows 2000 TCP/IP













	Syngress, Debra Littlejohn Shinder...




	
		Paperback
	



21



$54.95  









Incremental Software Architecture: A...


Michael Bell

		Hardcover
	



20



$49.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $33.96  









iPhoto 6: The Missing Manual


David Pogue, Derrick Story

		Paperback
	



20



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.60  








Wireless Data Demystified


John R. Vacca

		Paperback
	



19



$61.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $49.28  








Network Programming with Perl


Lincoln D. Stein

		Paperback
	



17



$54.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $43.12  









MIS


Hossein Bidgoli

		Paperback
	



16



$72.75  









A Complete Guide to Programming in C...













	Ulla Kirch-Prinz, Peter Prinz




	
		Paperback
	



16



$288.95  









The Switch Book: The Complete Guide...


Rich Seifert

		Paperback
	



16



$85.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $44.96  









Stripes: ...and Java web development...


Frederic Daoud

		Paperback
	



16











Project Pain Reliever: A Just-In-Time...













	Dave Garrett




	
		Hardcover
	



15



$48.91  









Juniper MX Series













	Douglas Richard Hanks Jr., Harry Reynolds




	
		Paperback
	



15



$79.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $57.55  









David Busch's Sony Alpha A3000/ILCE...


David D. Busch

		Paperback
	



15



$31.73  









Manual Of Perioperative Care In Adult...


Robert M. Bojar

		Paperback
	



15











C++: An Active Learning Approach













	Todd W. Breedlove, Randal  L. Albert




	
		Paperback
	



15



$230.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $179.99  



Next page












1-12 of 134,709 results for Books : New, Used & Rental Textbooks : Computer Science



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews




















Best Sellerin Data Structure and AlgorithmsCracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and SolutionsJul 1, 2015by Gayle Laakmann McDowellPaperback
$
26
57

to rentPrime
$
37
95

to buyPrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$20.54(29 used &amp new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
425Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $13.08Deep Learning (Adaptive Computation and Machine Learning series)Nov 18, 2016by Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua BengioHardcover
$
72
00

$80.00PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$46.89(64 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
63
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.7 out of 5 stars
86Best Sellerin Artificial Intelligence & SemanticsHands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and TensorFlow: Concepts, Tools, and Techniques to Build Intelligent SystemsApr 9, 2017by Aurélien GéronPaperback
$
31
57

$49.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$26.83(40 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
24
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.7 out of 5 stars
61Best Sellerin CompTIA Certification GuidesCompTIA A+ Certification All-in-One Exam Guide, Ninth Edition (Exams 220-901 & 220-902)Jan 4, 2016by Mike MeyersHardcover
$
21
97

to rentPrime
$
34
77

to buyPrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$27.92(106 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
33
03

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.6 out of 5 stars
417Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $16.34Best Sellerin Business SalesFanatical Prospecting: The Ultimate Guide to Opening Sales Conversations and Filling the Pipeline by Leveraging Social Selling, Telephone, Email, Text, and Cold CallingOct 5, 2015by Jeb Blount and Mike WeinbergHardcover
$
18
90

$27.00PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.77(50 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
12
49

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, MP3 CD
4.7 out of 5 stars
396AWS Certified Solutions Architect Official Study Guide: Associate ExamOct 17, 2016by Joe Baron and Hisham BazPaperback
$
34
73

$60.00PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$30.28(42 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
31
99

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Mass Market Paperback
4.1 out of 5 stars
121Best Sellerin Software TestingClean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software CraftsmanshipAug 11, 2008by Robert C. MartinPaperback
$
14
00

to rentPrime
$
36
87

to buyPrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$19.99(87 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
31
19

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
347Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $11.40Best Sellerin CSS ProgrammingHTML and CSS: Design and Build WebsitesNov 8, 2011by Jon DuckettPaperback
$
16
07

to rentPrime
$
17
32

to buyPrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.55(245 used &amp new offers)Hardcover
$
19
31

$42.00Only 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$15.72(94 used &amp new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
1,031See DetailsSave an extra $1.06 at checkout. See DetailsBest Sellerin Spreadsheet BooksExcel 2016 All-in-One For Dummies (For Dummies (Computer/Tech))Nov 16, 2015by Greg HarveyPaperback
$
25
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$19.50(55 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
20
79

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.3 out of 5 stars
59Web Design with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery SetJul 8, 2014by Jon DuckettPaperback
$
32
59

$58.00PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$26.50(73 used &amp new offers)Hardcover
$
52
39

$75.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$43.01(53 used &amp new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
373Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $13.07Best Sellerin Microsoft Certification GuidesCompTIA Network+ All-In-One Exam Guide, Sixth Edition (Exam N10-006)May 18, 2015by Mike MeyersHardcover
$
12
20

to rentPrime
$
30
51

to buyPrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$18.29(99 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
28
98

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
253Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $15.23Best Sellerin User Experience & Website UsabilityDon't Make Me Think, Revisited: A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability (3rd Edition) (Voices That Matter)Jan 3, 2014by Steve KrugPaperback
$
15
54

to rentPrime
$
32
10

to buyPrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$21.68(109 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
20
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,104Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $11.29

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
100
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results for
                                Books
                                New, Used & Rental TextbooksComputer ScienceAlgorithmsArtificial IntelligenceDatabase Storage & DesignGraphics & VisualizationNetworkingObject-Oriented Software DesignOperating SystemsProgramming LanguagesSoftware Design & Engineering






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates











David Noël's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up David Noël#65462@daviddavid-noel.com588Following1,779FollowersFollow10 UpvotesBreakerThe best app for listening to podcasts, with your friends 🎧iPhone+ 1 save 1215 130SoundCloud GoYour favorite music and new discoveries, offline and ad-freeMusic+ 5 save 707 99SoundCloud Pulse for iOSThe mobile app built for creators - now on iOSiPad+ 2 save 128 13AuxyA real music machine for iPhoneMusic+ 2 save 429 17SoundCloud PulseA new official mobile app built for SoundCloud creatorsiPhone+ 3 save 147 6PeggYour mini mobile mood-board that represents youMessaging+ 2 save 185 16Action Method NotebooksNotebooks for making ideas happenNote+ 3 save 367 14Great Holiday CardsKayak for holiday card shoppingTech save 70 16AuxyModern beat making for the iPadMusic+ 1 save 294 20Tictail (for iOS)Tumblr of e-commerce mobile shopping appE-Commerce+ 1 save 257 12Share this profileRecent CommentsAuxyGreat Holiday Cards









David Mead's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up David Mead#226738@davidmeadManager of User Experience, Dealer Tiredavidjohnmead.com/blog159Following103FollowersFollow20 UpvotesOmniSearch by FullStorySearch and analytics for your customer experience 🕵Marketing+ 3 save 167 11Select Similar LayersSketch plugin to select layers with the same attributesTech+ 1 save 84 5What Hurts - Welcome to the JungleTalking Sean Penn's jungle interview with his first editor. save 11 0HaloMDPlay Halo 1 multiplayer online for free (on your Mac)Action Games+ 4 save 114 7Neutraface No. 2An extension of the Neutra legacyTech+ 3 save 21 2Work in Progress - #17: Beating the competitionMaking a product that's different from everyone else save 22 4Posts 2.0Glorious paragraph creator from SlackTech+ 2 save 318 6Google WalletSend and receive money. Spend it instantly.Google+ 4 save 273 12Adblock PlusPopular content blocking has its own browseriPhone+ 3 save 165 9Tales UntoldSmart stories for smart kids (and smart parents, too).iPad+ 4 save 173 13DismalandBanksy's new dystopian theme parkTech save 209 6SumryThe human way to get hiredTech+ 2 save 1034 47InVision Mobile TestingNew free, unlimited user testing for mobile prototypesiPhone+ 4 save 471 16@hereGet the attention of online people in a Slack channelTech save 36 6GoSquared & SlackTraffic spikes and user notifications sent straight to SlackTech+ 1 save 126 8The Chaos EngineClassic steampunk CO-OP action, remasteredGames save 11 3Kung FuryAn epic 80s-themed Kung Fu action movieVideo Streaming+ 4 save 1027 38TOC Go BagPost-disaster "go bag" for hurricanes, Zombies & moreTech save 57 3BasecampKeeps people on the same pageTech save 118 5BolstrA great small carry bag. Perfect for your EDC.Tech save 2 0Share this profile

























Most Important Story New Testament - Hunt David - 9781608342112 - jesusbookandgift.com













New Free Shipping All Orders $69+
Welcome Guest • LoginHomeHelpCustomer ServiceMy AccountMy Cart (0)




SHOP








Follow Us:All ProductsAll ProductsBooksMusicBiblesKidsVideoGiftsSoftwareSpanishAccompanimentHomeschoolChurch SuppliesAdvanced Search





0




About Us
Contact Us
Upcoming Events
Directions
Our Blog
Our Current Catalogs
Community Events
Local Weather
Marketplace
Devotions
How to Find God


Never miss an update. Subscribe!




You can unsubscribe at any time.





New Free Shipping All Orders $69+


 Most Important Story New TestamentBy: Hunt DavidMost Important Story
2008
$12.99
Retail: $14.95
Save 13% ($1.96)
Look for Similar Products by Subject:Kids Books  Share:Buy Online$12.99
Retail: $14.95
Save 13% ($1.96)
Online Stock: 20Add to Cart





Jesus Book and Gift Store

About Us
Contact Us
Upcoming Events
Directions
Our Blog
Our Current Catalogs

Community Info

Community Events
Local Weather
Marketplace

Online Shopping

My Account
Online Gift Certificates

Free Shipping Details


Featured Shopping

Just Released
Sale Bestsellers

Gifts for Him
Gifts for Her




Back To School
Bargains
Christian Book Award Winners
Bible Study Resources
VeggieTales
Dove Awards Winners

Feature Showcase






Spiritual Helps

Devotions
How to Find God
Scripture

Inside Scoop

Current Bestsellers
Meet the Author
Read a Chapter
Listen to Music Samples
Accompaniment Samples



Product DescriptionThis New Testament is truly is most unique, feature packed New Testament (NT) available today.  It was two years in preparation and according to our process, we sought the counsel of Bible scholars and Pastors who also wanted the most complete NT that would be ideal for the new believer but with enough extra helps that it could be considered a Study New Testament for the reader to gain the greatest understanding of God's Word possible.It not only contains the entire text of the wonderful New Living Translation of the NT but unusually also 30 key chapters of the Old Testament adding great scope and context for the NT.  It is fully illustrated with the outstanding artwork that The Most Important Story is known for.  Very importantly, every NT book has an amazing, feature filled introduction.  It contains key verses, interesting facts, it has questions and answers to help the reader dig deeper into the truths of God's Word.  It contains a dictionary and verses identified to memorize.It is the most visually appealing, power and feature packed New Testament and is perfect for new believers and young people alike.More Product InformationPublisher: Most Important Story
ISBN: 1608342115
ISBN-13: 9781608342112
SKU: 9781608342112
Release Date: 4/21/2008
Related ProductsOut of StockMost Important Story Bible Box of 20Hunt David Only $139.92 Reg. $159.00Add to CartMost Important Story Ever Told in CreoleHunt David Only $1.72 Reg. $1.95Out of StockMost Important Story New Testament inHunt David Only $113.96 Reg. $129.50Add to CartGospel Of John Most Important Story NTHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockColoring & Activity Book Vol 3 inHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 4 inHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockMost Important Story Ever Told inHunt David Only $171.60 Reg. $195.00Out of StockMost Important Story Ever Told 36 pageHunt David Only $649.00 Reg. $737.50Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 1 inHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockGospel Of John Most Important Story NTHunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Out of StockMost Important Story Bible in SpanishHunt David Only $139.92 Reg. $159.00Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 4Hunt David Only $2.60 Reg. $2.95Add to CartMost Important Story Ever Told - SpanishHunt David Only $1.99Add to CartMost Important Story BibleHunt David Only $7.99 Reg. $9.95Add to CartMost Important Story Ever Told (36 PgHunt David Only $2.99Add to CartColoring & Activity Book Vol 2Hunt David Only $2.99




























eBay Motors Blog | The official blog of eBay Motors












Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification
























































 















The official blog of eBay Motors | Go to ebay.com/motors

Search for:



 





 



Menu

Home
Classics

American
Asian
European


Culture

Builders
Concept Cars
Movies & Television


DIY
Events
Performance

Sports Cars
Motorsports


Motorcycles & ATVs

Motorcycles
ATVs & UTVs


Shop Motors


  
    Parts and Tools
    
Car & Truck Parts
Motorcycle Parts
Tools & Supplies
  
  
    Vehicles
    
Cars & Trucks
Classics & Exotics
eBay Frontline Vehicles
  





 

















What We Learned about the eBay Motors ’67 Mustang from Its VIN
By Daniel Gray 0



 Pause
 Resume





 














Builders



 By Mark BachJul 270



Listed on eBay Motors: The Fantastic Fiberglass Manta Ray by Noel Bangert



After a brief career as an auto stylist, Noel Bangert became the executive producer of the 1973 horror hit, “The Exorcist.”

Read more







American



 By Daniel GrayJul 26



What We Learned about the eBay Motors ’67 Mustang from Its VIN



The VIN reveals a breakdown of the Mustang’s origins, including the plant where it was built and its original engine specs.


Read more







Classics



 By Jim MotavalliJul 25



Listed on eBay Motors: The Tiniest Car Ever Made



The Peel is 54 inches long and 39 wide. The car’s ability to fit in an elevator was tested in 1963.

Read more












 

Classics

It’s a 1967 Volvo Amazon with a Roaring BMW V-8
The Volvo is being offered on eBay with a more street-worthy tune of merely 747 horsepower. 
July 13
By Jim Motavalli







 

Classics

Shine That Chrome: July 14 is Collector Car Appreciation Day
Enthusiasts are planning open houses, car cruises, club gatherings and educational events to commemorate the day.
July 7
By Jim Motavalli












Culture



 By Nina RussinJul 24



Turn Your SUV into a Portable Campsite



Bigger vehicles have enough room to set up sleeping bags. Also consider a tent-trailer or rooftop tent.

Read more







Culture



 By Daniel GrayJul 21



Listed on eBay Motors: 1989 Surveillance Van (Shh!)



The van was commissioned by the feds to accommodate extended stretches of stakeout work.

Read more







Builders



 By Gary LieberJul 21



Maker of Teeth and Fangs Rebuilds ‘51 Ford Coupe Racer



The 1951 Ford two-door chop-top coupe can hit 150 miles per hour.

Read more








Builders



 By Benjamin HuntingJul 20



Maxlider Brothers Customs: A Business Built on Passion for Ford Broncos



The brothers have been obsessed with Broncos since the late 1980s.

Read more







Builders



 By Daniel GrayJul 19



eBay Motors Installs a Classic Intake on ’67 Mustang’s 427 Cobra Jet V8



The team’s goal is to have the car running for its appearance at the Woodward Dream Cruise in Michigan on Aug. 19.

Read more







News



 By Mark BachJul 18



Now in Its Tenth Generation, Honda Accord Proves the Test of Time



Not many carmakers have retained the same nameplate for more than 40 years. 

Read more

































About
Comment Policy
User Agreement
Privacy
 

© Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.






























