    Timothy Hunter | McInnes Rolled Rings | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Timothy M. Hunter - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer at Centrum Industries, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Timothy M. Hunter
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer at Centrum Industries, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Timothy M. Hunter
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer at Centrum Industries, Inc.



 Overview



Age



54
                                  (Born 1963)
                                              




Notable Companies


Centrum Industries, Inc.

McInnes Steel Co., Inc.

Erie Bronze & Aluminum Co.




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 97 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




William J. Wagner

Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company & Northwest Savings Bank at Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (Pennsylvania)




Philip M. Tredway

President & Chief Executive Officer at Erie Molded Plastics, Inc.





Michael Batchelor

President at Erie Community Foundation




Mark A. Paup

President & Chief Executive Officer at Zippo Manufacturing Co., Inc.





Sonia M. Probst

Former Chief Executive Officer at Board of Directors of the Rouse Estate




Richard L. Carr

Lead Director at Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (Pennsylvania)





John M. Bauer

Co-Founder at Contact Technologies, Inc.




Joseph F. Long

Treasurer at Passavant Hospital Foundation





A. Paul King

Former President at Oral Surgery of Erie, Inc.




Robert M. Campana

President at Campana Capital LLC







See 87 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 87 More 


 


 Paths to Timothy M. Hunter



            Timothy M. Hunter          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Timothy M. Hunter






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Timothy M. Hunter.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Villanova University

                  Villanova University is a private university located in Radnor Township, a suburb northwest of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the United States. Named for Saint Thomas of Villanova, the school is the oldest Catholic university in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Founded in 1842 by the Order of Saint Augustine, the university traces its roots to old Saint Augustine's Church, Philadelphia, which the Augustinian friars founded in 1796, and to its parish school, Saint Augustine's Academy, which was established in 1811.                





 Career History



President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2003 - Current                


Erie Bronze & Aluminum Co.






President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2003 - Current                


TSK Partners, Inc.






Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer

                                    1996 - Current                


Centrum Industries, Inc.


                  Centrum Industries, Inc. is a holding company for three manufacturing segments: Metal forming operations, Material handling systems and Motor production systems. It acquires and operates companies that have strong niche positions in their industries. The company was founded in1977 and is headquartered in Corry, PA.                




Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    1986 - Current                


McInnes Steel Co., Inc.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (Pennsylvania)

                    Northwest Bancshares, Inc. is a holding company. It provides retail and business banking products as well as investment management and trust services. The company operates the through following segments: Community Banking and Consumer Finance. The Community Banking segment includes the savings bank subsidiary Northwest Bank, as well as subsidiaries of the savings bank that provide similar products and services. The Consumer Finance segment, which is comprised of Northwest Consumer Discount Company, a subsidiary of Northwest, compliments the services of the bank by offering personal installment loans for a variety of consumer and real estate products. Northwest Bancshares was founded on June 29, 2001 and is headquartered in Warren, PA.                  




Director

                    2014 - Current                  


Northwest Savings Bank - Pennsylvania

                    Northwest Savings Bank federal savings institution. It specializes in personal banking, business banking, commercial lending, retail lending, investment and trust services, insurance services. The company was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Warren, PA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Erie Regional Chamber & Growth Partnership






Non-Profit Boards ▾




Chairman, Board of Trustees

                    Current                  


Erie Community Foundation

                    PUBLIC CHARITY COMMUNITY FOUNDATION                  




Chairman

                    Prior                  


Manufacturer & Business Association

                    THE ASSOCIATION SUPPORTS ITS 3,441 MEMBERS BY PROVIDING INFORMATION AND SERVICES THAT WILL ASSIST IN THE PURSUIT OF BUSINESS & COMMUNITY INTERESTS.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Timothy M. Hunter is affiliated with
                            Erie Bronze & Aluminum Co., TSK Partners, Inc., Centrum Industries, Inc., McInnes Steel Co., Inc., Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (Pennsylvania), Northwest Savings Bank - Pennsylvania, Erie Regional Chamber & Growth Partnership, Erie Community Foundation, Manufacturer & Business Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Hunter, Timothy A MD Walter Reed National Ave Bethesda, MD Doctors - MapQuest







































































































    Hunter, Timothy A MD
  

Walter Reed National Ave

Bethesda
MD
20889




 Reviews



(301) 319-0451

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























TIMOTHY M HUNTER - CHAPIN, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



CHAPIN



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            TIMOTHY M HUNTER
                                    



 





















T 


TIMOTHY M HUNTER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



301 CANNON RD CHAPIN, SC 29036
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Timothy M Hunter is located at 301 Cannon Rd in Chapin and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Dr. Timothy Hunter, MD - Myrtle Beach, SC - Internal Medicine | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. Timothy Hunter, MD(10)Login MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Timothy Hunter, MDSaveInternal Medicine  | Male(10) Leave a ReviewCarolina Health Specialists 4591 Socastee Blvd Myrtle Beach,  SC 29588 Get Directions View Insurance Accepted  Suggest an editDr. Timothy Hunter, MD is an internal medicine doctor who practices in Myrtle Beach, SC.  He is 57 years old and has been practicing for 27 years.  Dr. Hunter is affiliated with Grand Strand Health – Grand Strand Medical Center.ADVERTISEMENT






 




Looking for an Internal Medicine Specialist?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. William Jackson Jr, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(12)Dr. Randall Goodroe, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(31)Dr. Neil Trask, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(8)Dr. James Powers, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(14)Dr. Vijay Paudel, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(15)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atGrand Strand Health – Grand Strand Medical Center2017 Recipient of the Patient Safety Excellence AwardHospital Referral Line: (843) 353-1360View More Providers Like ThisLearn about this doctorDr. Hunter's Care PhilosophyCarolina Health Specialists is committed to the patients of Horry, Georgetown, and Brunswick counties with facility locations throughout the Grand Strand area. All physicians are Board Certified/Board Eligible in their specialty. By providing a team approach to patient care, the physicians of Carolina Health Specialist are able to focus their time and abilities on the particular needs of each patient.Dr. Hunter's Experience0ExperienceMatchExperience MatchSee how Dr. Hunter's experience matches your preferences.1SpecialtiesFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.19Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.3Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.EducationLearn more about where this provider went to medical school, residency, and more.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient Satisfaction10responsesLikelihood of recommending Dr. Hunter to family and friends is 3.1 out of 5Have you seen Dr. Hunter?Leave a ReviewVisiting Dr. HunterDr. Hunter accepts 2 insurance carriersView all insurance carriers Dr. Hunter is now accepting new patients Carolina Health Specialists4591 Socastee BlvdMyrtle Beach, SC 29588(843) 497-5929Get DirectionsFeatured Internal Medicine Specialists in Myrtle Beach, SC 29588Dr. William Jackson Jr, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(12)Dr. Randall Goodroe, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(31)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atGrand Strand Health – Grand Strand Medical CenterHospital Referral Line: (843) 353-1360Dr. Neil Trask, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(8)Dr. James Powers, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(14)View MoreAffiliated HospitalsHospital QualityCheck out the quality of care at the 1 hospitals where Dr. Hunter has admitting privileges.Grand Strand Health – Grand Strand Medical Center809 82nd PkwyMyrtle Beach, SC 29572Hospital Awards0Overall Patient ExperienceView Hospital ProfileSee our Internal Medicine Specialists at Grand Strand Health – Grand Strand Medical CenterView Hospital ProfileDr. Hunter's ReviewsLikelihood of recommending Dr. Hunter to family and friends3.1 based on 10 total reviewsLeave a reviewDr. Hunter's PerformanceTrustworthinessVERY GOODExplains condition(s) wellGOODAnswers QuestionsGOODTime well spentGOODOffice & Staff PerformanceSchedulingVERY GOODOffice environmentVERY GOODStaff friendlinessVERY GOODAverage wait time 16 to 30 minutesHave you seen Dr. Timothy Hunter, MD?Leave a Review.Are you Dr. Hunter?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Get started today!Looking for an Internal Medicine Specialist?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. William Jackson Jr, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(12)Dr. Randall Goodroe, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(31)Dr. Neil Trask, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(8)Dr. James Powers, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(14)Dr. Vijay Paudel, MDInternal Medicine Specialist(15)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atGrand Strand Health – Grand Strand Medical Center2017 Recipient of the Patient Safety Excellence AwardHospital Referral Line: (843) 353-1360View More Providers Like ThisSee all internal medicine doctors in Myrtle Beach, SC×Dr. Hunter's Care PhilosophyCarolina Health Specialists is committed to the patients of Horry, Georgetown, and Brunswick counties with facility locations throughout the Grand Strand area. All physicians are Board Certified/Board Eligible in their specialty. By providing a team approach to patient care, the physicians of Carolina Health Specialist are able to focus their time and abilities on the particular needs of each patient.×Dr. Hunter's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 months Specializes in Internal Medicine No board certification on record with Healthgrades Malpractice claims in South Carolina not available No sanctions found No board actions found×Background Check n/a Malpractice Claims not availableHealthgrades does not collect malpractice information for South Carolina.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0Board ActionsNo board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Conditions TreatedAnxietyAsthmaAttention Deficit Disorder (ADD)Chronic SinusitisDepressionDiabetesEmphysemaHeart DiseaseHigh CholesterolHypertensionInfectious DiseasesInjuriesObesityOsteoarthritisOsteoporosisOtitis MediaPneumoniaSkin CancerSleep ApneaEducationMedical SchoolGeorge Washington University / School of Medicine And Health SciencesGraduated in 1990Residency HospitalUniversity Of Pittsburgh Med CenterLanguages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Hunter does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Hunter and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesInternal MedicineProcedures PerformedBiopsyElectrocardiogram (EKG)Physical Examination

























Timothy Vander Wekken's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MTimothy Vander Wekken#525845@twekken7Following9FollowersFollow2 UpvotesBot UI Kit for SlackSlick UI Kit for designing bots on Slack!Bots+ 5 save 168 7RunGoDiscover the best running routes with voice navigation.iPhone+ 4 save 216 18Share this profile












Timothy M. Hunter, MD - Internist in Myrtle Beach, SC | MD.com



































































HomeFind a DoctorInternistsSouth CarolinaMyrtle BeachDr. Timothy M. Hunter 



















Make an Appointment
+ Locations, Office Hours & Directions










                                        Beach Urgent Care                                    



9672 N Kings Highway,
                                                                                Myrtle Beach,
                                        SC
29572 
                                        
 map
                                        





                                                                                    Call for an Appointment
                                                                            







 

                                                                                                                            As an internist in Myrtle Beach, SC, Dr. Timothy Hunter is skilled at the treatment & diagnosis of a large array of ailments & diseases in adults.                                        
                                    













Advertisement







                Save up to 96% on your prescriptions.   Click Here






Reviews of
            
                Dr. Hunter            


                Dr. Hunter            




































Have you seen this doctor?
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Hunter.



Write a Review








            Office            
                of Dr. Hunter            

See Insurance



                of Dr. Hunter            


































Advertisement






            Beach Urgent Care             
                    







Accepting New Patients?


Yes, Dr. Timothy M. Hunter is accepting new patients at this office.
                                                    





Phone



(843) 497-5929




Fax



                                                    (843) 293-1114                                                





Address

9672 N Kings Highway, Myrtle Beach, SC 29572-4006





                        Office Details
                    




Doctor Specialty


Internal Medicine 


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Practice Specialty
Multi Specialty


Languages Spoken
English

















×Close


                            Office Details
                        



                            Beach Urgent Care                            

                                9672 N Kings Highway,                                                                 Myrtle Beach,
                                South Carolina 29572-4006                                •
                                (843) 497-5929                            





Doctors

5   See them all



Doctor’s Specialty


                                        Internal Medicine                                    


Doctor’s Title
Internist


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Practice Specialty
Multi Specialty





Close








×Close

                            Request a Video Visit with Dr. Timothy M. Hunter                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password




 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        




>
            


×Close

                            Request an Office Visit with Dr. Timothy M. Hunter                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password


Log In

 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        









 Office Details
                


 Get Directions






            Insurance Accepted  
                    




Medicare




NOTE: Please
                        contact the doctor’s office
                        to confirm your coverage before making an appointment.
                                






            About
            
                Dr. Hunter            


                Dr. Hunter            


































Advertisement





Bio








 Dr. Timothy Hunter graduated from George Washington University School Of Medicine in 1990.                                                                
                                                                                                    

                                        Dr.
                                        Hunter                                        has

                                        
                                            one office                                        
                                        in
                                        South Carolina                                                                                    where he                                                                                                                            specializes in
                                            Internal Medicine.                                                                            

                                                                                    Dr. Hunter works with four doctors                                            including Dr. Ronald Reynolds                                             and Dr. Ruta Rimkiene.
                                                                                
















             Specialty        







 


Internal Medicine 

                                As an internist in Myrtle Beach, SC, Dr. Timothy Hunter serves as a primary care provider for adults. He diagnoses and treats a wide range of conditions, including cross-system illnesses that may affect multiple organic systems. Dr. Hunter may also refer patients to a specialist when required. For example, patients with diabetic complications may be referred to an endocrinologist for further treatment.                            






 


            Education & Training  
                                                



Medical School






                                                            George Washington University Medical School                                                        




                                MD •                                                                 1990                            








            Hospital Affiliations
        





Grand Strand Medical Center






            Languages Spoken  
                    




English







            Dr. Hunter's Medicare Fee‑for‑Service Data (2014)  
        



Please Note: The information displayed below is sourced from the 2014 
                Medicare Physician and Other Supplier National Provider Identifier (NPI) Aggregate Report. It's
            important to remember that the statistics below are not inclusive of all patients treated by
                Dr. Hunter, but only those who participate in Medicare.
  Overview

Participates in Medicare?: Yes 
Number of HCPCS Codes: 70 
Number of Services: 2960 
Medical Suppress Indicator:  
Number of HCPCS Associated With Medical Services: 60 
Number of Medical Services: 2703 
Number of Medicare Patients with Medical Services: 1136 

  Medicare Patient Demographics 

Total Number of Medicare Patients:                     1136 
Average Age of Medicare Patients:                     71 
Number of Patients Under Age 65:                     134 
Number of Patients Age 65 to 74:                     618 
Number of Patients Age 75 to 84:                     295 
Number of Patients Over Age 84:                     89 
Number of Female Patients :                     639 
Number of Male Patients:                     497 
Number of Non-Hispanic White Patients:                     1082 
Number of Black or African American Patients:                     18 
Number of Asian Pacific Islander Patients:                     0 
Number of Hispanic Patients:                     0 
Number of American Indian/Alaska Native Patients:                     0 
Number of Patients with Race Not Elsewhere Classified:                     16 
Number of Patients with Medicare Only Entitlement:                     1054 
Number of Patients with Medicare & Medicaid Entitlement:                     82 

  Medicare Patient Condition Demographics

Percent of Patients with Atrial Fibrillation:                     12% 
Percent of Patients with Alzheimer’s Disease or Dementia:                     8% 
Percent of Patients  with Asthma:                     6% 
Percent of Patients with Cancer:                     9% 
Percent of Patients with Heart Failure:                     10% 
Percent of Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease:                     15% 
Percent of Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease:                     13% 
Percent of Patients with Depression:                     16% 
Percent of Patients with Diabetes:                     25% 
Percent of Patients with Hyperlipidemia:                     56% 
Percent of Patients with Hypertension (High Blood Pressure):                     63% 
Percent of Patients with Ischemic Heart Disease:                     27% 
Percent of Patients with Osteoporosis:                     6% 
Percent of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis / Osteoarthritis:                     37% 
Percent of Patients with Schizophrenia / Other Psychotic Disorders:                     1% 
Percent of Patients with Stroke:                     4% 

  Medicare Payments Data

Total Submitted Charge Amount:                     $216,096.05 
Total Medicare Allowed Amount:                     $201,198.39 
Total Medicare Payment Amount:                     $136,016.94 
Total Medicare Standardized Payment Amount:                     $146,160.07 
Total Medical Submitted Charge Amount:                     $211,713.11 
Total Medical Medicare Allowed Amount:                     $200,109.64 
Total Medical Medicare Payment Amount:                     $135,249.50 
Total Medical Medicare Standardized Payment Amount:                     $145,392.63 

  Medicare Prescription Drug Data

Drug Suppress Indicator: n/a 
Number of HCPCS Associated With Drug Services: 10 
Number of Drug Services: 257 
Number of Medicare Beneficiaries With Drug Services: 171 
Total Drug Submitted Charge Amount: $4,382.94 
Total Drug Medicare Allowed Amount: $1,088.75 
Total Drug Medicare Payment Amount: $767.44 
Total Drug Medicare Standardized Payment Amount: $767.44 









            Latest Internal Medicine            News
        
Read the most recent articles about
            Internal Medicine









                                FDA Looks to Reduce Nicotine in Cigarettes                            


                                    Steven Reinberg, HealthDay Reporter, Jul 28, 2017                                    at 2:00 PM








                                Too Soon to Widely Recommend Ketamine for Depression                            


                                    Robert Preidt, Jul 28, 2017                                    at 2:00 PM








                                Are You Eating for the Wrong Reasons?                            


                                    Julie Davis, HealthDay Reporter, Jul 28, 2017                                    at 9:00 AM










 













×
Free courtesy of MD.com


Daily Health News & Tips via Email

Get a daily roundup of the latest headlines for free (sent Mon-Fri)















Join the Newsletter













                        See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
                    


























Dr. Timothy Hunter, Internal Medicine - Myrtle Beach , SC  | Sharecare










































Ask a health related question:














Join Sharecare

Log In














Find a Doctor
Health Experts
Topics
Video
Health Tools
















Profile


Locations


More











Find a Doctor



|



Internal Medicine



|



SC



|



Myrtle Beach



|


Dr. Timothy Hunter, MD



















Dr. Timothy Hunter

Internal Medicine


Myrtle Beach, SC


Male

26 Years of Experience


12 Insurance Plans



Languages supported at his practice: Spanish, Russian, English










Accepting New Patients





Electronic Health Records










Dr. Hunter's Background






Bio


Timothy M. Hunter, MD is a practicing Internist in Myrtle Beach, SC. Dr. Hunter graduated from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1990 and has been in practice for 26 years. He completed a residency at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He currently practices at Beach Urgent Care and is affiliated with Grand Strand Regional Medical Center. Dr. Hunter accepts multiple insurance plans including BCBS South Carolina, Medicare and Cigna. Dr. Hunter also practices at Carolina Health Specialists in Myrtle Beach, SC. In addition to English, Dr. Hunter's practice supports these languages: Spanish and Russian. 





Specialties


Internal Medicine





Hospital Affiliations



Grand Strand Regional Medical Center






Education




Residency
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center



Medical School, 1990

Georgetown University School of Medicine
Washington, DC







Learn More About Internal Medicine




Article

See All Articles 






Prostate Cancer Controversy: Should You Get Screened? 


                                                    You might have seen the headlines: metastatic, or late-stage prostate cancer diagnoses have increased by 72 percent over the past decade. But before you panic, let’s take a closer look at the controversy
...Read More






Questions

See All Questions 





Are life-threatening infections like MRSA largely confined to hospitals?




Can my family doctor tell me what vitamins to take?










Primary Location






9672 N Kings Hwy
Myrtle Beach, SC 29572

See All Locations
















Phone Number



Have you visited Dr. Hunter before?
Yes
No




843-497-2273



843-497-2273
















Similar Doctors











Dr. Zaundra Jones

Internal Medicine


4591 Socastee Blvd
Myrtle Beach, SC 29588









Dr. Donald King

Internal Medicine


809 82nd Pkwy
Myrtle Beach, SC 29572









Dr. Gerald LaRochelle

Internal Medicine


945 82nd Pkwy Ste 3
Myrtle Beach, SC 29572









Dr. Lisa Tarbert

Internal Medicine


809 82nd Pkwy
Myrtle Beach, SC 29572









Dr. Mudassir Akram

Internal Medicine


809 82nd Pkwy Ste 201A
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
































