










 




Hunting Dog Capital Corp.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

Advanced Financial
Alarion Financial Services Inc
Alliance Corporate Group, Inc.
Ameri First Financial Group Inc
America First Tax Exempt Investors, L.P.
American Express
Ameriquest Mortgage Sec Inc Asst Back Ps Thr Cert Ser 2002 D
August Financial Holding Co Inc
Availent Financial Inc
BeneFits
Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc
Blue Water Ventures International Inc
Capita
Capital One Auto Finance Trust 2001-B
Capital One Auto Finance Trust 2002-A



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Hunting Dog Capital Corp.




Hunting Dog Capital Corp.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Finance servicesAddress

Hunting Dog Capital Llc One Maritime Plaza, Suite 825, San Francisco, CA 94111
Phone
(415) 637-5990



Sample Contracts



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Warrant to Purchase Common Stock Hunting Dog Capital Corp.
(June 15th, 2017)
THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the "Warrant") certifies that, for value received, Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC or its assigns (the "Holder") is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after ____, 2018 (the "Initial Exercise Date") and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Termination Date") but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Hunting Dog Capital Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), up to ______ shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the "Warrant Shares"), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Underwriting Agreement
(May 24th, 2017)
The undersigned, Hunting Dog Capital Corp., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates of Hunting Dog Capital Corp., the "Company"), hereby confirms its agreement (this "Agreement") with Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC. (hereinafter referred to as "you" (including its correlatives) or the "Representative") and with the other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively called the "Underwriters" or, individually, an "Underwriter") as follows:



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Warrant to Purchase Common Stock Hunting Dog Capital Corp.
(May 24th, 2017)
THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the "Warrant") certifies that, for value received, Joseph Gunnar & Co., LLC or its assigns (the "Holder") is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after ____, 2018 (the "Initial Exercise Date") and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Termination Date") but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Hunting Dog Capital Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), up to ______ shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Warrant Shares"), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Amendment to Operating Agreement of Hunting Dog Capital Llc
(April 19th, 2017)
This Amendment to Operating Agreement of Hunting Dog Capital, LLC (the "Amendment") is adopted as of May 1, 2010, with respect to Hunting Dog Capital, LLC (the "Company") by the undersigned members of the Company holding more than 66 2/3 % of the aggregate Percentages then outstanding (the "Members"), pursuant to the following facts and circumstances:



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Registration Rights Agreement
(April 19th, 2017)
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of [*], 2016, among Hunting Dog Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), Christopher Allick, an individual resident in the State of California ("Allick"), Todd Selix Blankfort, an individual resident in the State of California ("Blankfort"), Paul W. Clausing, an individual resident of the State of California ("Clausing") and David Suddendorf, an individual resident of the State of California ("Suddendorf"). Each of Allick, Blankfort, Clausing and Suddendorf may from time to time be referred to herein as an "Investor" and collectively as the "Investors".



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
CONTRIBUTION, ASSIGNMENT, AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF [_________],
2016 BY AND BETWEEN (As Transferor) AND HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP. (As
Transferee) CONTRIBUTION, ASSIGNMENT, AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
(April 19th, 2017)
THIS CONTRIBUTION, ASSIGNMENT, AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of [_______], 2016, is made by and between _________, an individual resident in the State of California (the "Transferor"), and Hunting Dog Capital Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Transferee").



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Operating Agreement of Hunting Dog Capital Llc
(April 19th, 2017)
This Operating Agreement (the "Agreement") of Hunting Dog Capital LLC (the "Company") is entered into as of January 4, 2007, by Christopher W. Allick and Todd Selix Blankfort (the "Initial Members").



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP. (A Delaware
Corporation)
(April 19th, 2017)
Hunting Dog Capital Corp. (the "Corporation"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:



Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Hunting Dog Capital Corp. 2016 Incentive Award Plan
(October 25th, 2016)




Hunting Dog Capital Corp. –
Indemnification Agreement
(October 25th, 2016)
This Indemnification Agreement (the "Agreement") is made as of the date set forth on the signature page by and between Hunting Dog Capital Corp. (the "Company") and               (the "Indemnitee").













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


338k
		Delaware
	

278k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

14k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Hunting Dog Capital Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















hunting dog capital corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Hunting Dog Capital Corp. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides financing solutions to lower middle-market companies. Hunting Dog Capital invests in a diversified portfolio of financial assets, including direct loans, convertible debt instruments, trade finance, structured credit, and preferred and common equity investments.




Corporate Information
Address:

1 Maritime Plaza
Suite 825
San Francisco, CA 94111
United States


Phone:
1-415-236-1993


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hdcap.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company










President
Company


Todd Blankfort
Hunting Dog Capital Corp








Board Members
Company
































From The Web











Key Executives


Christopher William Allick


Chairman/CEO




Todd Selix Blankfort


President




Paul Clausing


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data














































 





 SECGems: Hunting Dog Capital Corp. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Hunting Dog Capital Corp. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
11













	 
	
	 HUNTING DOG CAPITAL LLC
	 
	  ONE MARITIME PLAZA, SUITE 825
	
	   SAN FRANCISCO, 
	   CA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (415) 637-5990    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2015-12-22Hunting Dog Capital Corp.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001652761
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
474989389
Std. Industrial Class.
6199 FINANCE SERVICES






 








db
 
 










































Hunting Dog Capital - Home










     

    












ABOUT
TRANSACTIONS
REFERRAL NETWORK


TEAM
WHITE PAPERS
CONTACT




SAN FRANCISCO
4:01 PM PST
THU AUGUST 11



















Intelligent GrowthCapital for the Lower Middle-Market









Hunting Dog Capital helps small business owners preserve equity and control while enabling growth.





$3.0
$2.0
$1.0




2013A
2014A
2015A
2016A


Volume of transactions reviewed since 2013, in billions:


$1.4



$2.0



$2.6



$3.9








ON THIS PAGE

Our Business
Our Approach
Our Principles





OUR BUSINESS
Hunting Dog Capital was founded with a simple mission: To improve access to flexible financing for lower middle-market U.S. companies seeking growth.


We target direct-lending opportunities with U.S. businesses that generate between $5 million and $50 million of annual revenue. This market segment is vast and largely underserved by institutional capital providers.






OUR APPROACH
Hunting Dog Capital is a San Francisco-based investment manager that specializes in providing flexible financing, primarily in the form of senior-secured term loans, to lower middle-market U.S. companies. Our loans are used by business owners to facilitate acquisitions, refinance existing debt or for general corporate purposes to enable growth. We have consistently delivered favorable risk-adjusted returns for our investors, provided customized financings for strong business owners and operators to enable growth and developed a robust referral network that provides a national reach.


Volume of transactions reviewed in 2015, in billions:
$2.6
→ transactions


Number of businesses reviewed in 2015:
218
→ transactions


New members added to our referral network in 2015:
1,100
→ referral network








OUR PRINCIPLES
We are often asked why the name Hunting Dog Capital? We believe that great hunting dog characteristics reflect how we conduct business: 
A disciplined approach to ensure consistent results
The ability to adapt to changing conditions or circumstances
Perseverance to overcome challenges and roadblocks
Willingness to always work with our clients when problems arise













Photographs by Nancy Whitehead










info@hdcap.com

415.277.2292


Hunting Dog Capital LLC
One Maritime Plaza
Suite 825
San Francisco, CA 94111


Home
About
Transactions
Referral Network


Team
White Papers
Contact






ÂŠ Hunting Dog Capital LLC 2017. All rights reserved. 








Hunting Dog Capital Corp. - HDCC - Filed 2016-03-04 - IPO Boutique - The Premier IPO and Secondaries Advisory












		Detailed IPO Record [close]
        


Company:



Full Profile:



Symbol:



Price:



Description:



Trade Date:



Shares:



Type:






Underwriter(s)
 
Co Manager(s)











Filings:




Buy IPO* Market Research









* Our research only covers IPOs.  Secondaries are not included

















  IPO Boutique Blog


IPO Central


			  IPO Calendar
			  IPO Pipeline
			  Track Record
			  2016 IPOs			
			  2015 IPOs
			  2014 IPOs
			  2013 IPOs
			  2012 IPOs
			  2011 IPOs
			  Last 10 IPO's & Quotes
			  Sample IPO
			  Rating Scale
			  IPO Primer



Secondaries


			  Current Week
			  Track Record
			  2016 Secondaries			
			  2015 Secondaries
			  2014 Secondaries
			  2013 Secondaries
			  2012 Secondaries
			  2011 Secondaries
			  Secondaries Primer



Media




			International publications
 quoting IPO Boutique
 
			founder Scott Sweet
			



General Info


			  About Us
			  Contact Us
			  Testimonials
			  Announcements
			  Disclaimer
			  Site Map
			  A Touch of Humor



















View Full Company Profile
Hunting Dog Capital Corp. - HDCC - Filed 2016-03-04
View Full Filing


© 2005 -

IPO Boutique.  All Rights ReservedYour Premier Stock Market Researchers - IPO Advisory, IPO Research, Secondary Offering Source. Served via HG









Hunting Dog Capital Corp. research information - IPO Boutique





  





Hunting Dog Capital Corp. IPO AdvisoryIPO Research - IPO Boutique




<< Return Home
















  IPO Boutique Blog
  FREE IPO Newsletter


IPO Central


              IPO Calendar
              IPO Pipeline
              Track Record
              Sample IPO
              Rating Scale
              IPO Primer



Secondaries


              Current Week
              Track Record
	      2015 Secondaries
              2014 Secondaries
              2013 Secondaries
              2012 Secondaries
              2011 Secondaries
              2010 Secondaries
              Secondaries Primer



Media




            International publications
 quoting IPO Boutique
 
            founder Scott Sweet
            



General Info


              About Us
              Contact Us
              Testimonials
              Announcements
              Disclaimer
              Site Map














Company
Symbol
Price Range
Issue Price
Open
Shares
Trade Date
Hunting Dog Capital Corp.HDCC [ NYSE ]
$15.00-$15.00
$0.00
$0.002 million 
Underwriter(s): Joseph Gunnar & Co.
Co-Manager(s): 
Filing(s): Filed 2016-03-04Underwriters Changed 2017-04-19Terms Added 2017-05-24








For IPO Boutique's "scale of 1 to 5" BUY rating on Hunting Dog Capital Corp., and our comprehensive analysis, click the "Buy Market Research" link.
Hunting Dog Capital Corp. Historical Chart - Click chart for current quote




About Hunting Dog Capital Corp. (adapted from Hunting Dog Capital Corp. prospectus): Hunting Dog Capital Corp. is a holding company that intends to operate through several wholly owned subsidiaries to provide financing solutions to lower middle-market companies, which we define as businesses with revenues between $5 million and $50 million, and needing financing typically under $20 million. This description is adapted from  prospectus. This description is not intended to be a recommendation to buy stock from this company. To see the company's full description, view their prospectus. 


Share this IPO Profile: 











IPO Boutique aggregates information on public companies and private companies, such as  "HDCC" IPO, which is intended to educate our readers and help them evaluate potential investment opportunities and market conditions. We endeavor to research the financial industry and obtain independent verification of factual statements before presenting them to our users. Be informed. 



Need a recommendation? Visit our Testimonials page and see over 200 investors singing our praises.
Used our Comprehensive Single Promo Advisory and want more? We also offer a monthly or annual subscription 


© 2005 - 2017 IPO Boutique. All Rights Reserved









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP. (HDCC) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP. (HDCC) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP.


Company Address
HUNTING DOG CAPITAL LLCONE MARITIME PLAZA, SUITE 825SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94111


Company Phone
(415) 637-5990


Company Website
www.hdcap.com


CEO
Christopher Allick


Employees  (as of 6/15/2017) 
6


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (3/4/2016)


Proposed Symbol
HDCC


Exchange
NYSE MKT


Share Price
$15.00


Shares Offered
2,000,000


Offer Amount
$34,500,000.00


Total Expenses
$550,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
300,000


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
2,138,334


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001652761




Based on the assumed initial public offering price of $15.00 per share, we
estimate that the net proceeds from this offering, after deducting underwriting
commissions and expenses payable by us and other offering expenses payable by
us, will be approximately $27.2 million. We estimate that the expenses relating
to our organization and this offering will be approximately $0.7 million.

We intend to use the net proceeds to us from this offering to capitalize our
wholly owned subsidiaries. Our wholly owned subsidiaries will deploy this
capital, in part, to fund our initial portfolio as described under the heading
“Initial Portfolio,” and going forward primarily in various forms of financing,
including direct loans, convertible debt instruments, trade finance, structured
credit, and, to a lesser extent, to acquire preferred and common equity
securities. Proceeds will be allocated to each subsidiary based on their
respective opportunities to engage in financing transactions appropriate for the
subsidiary. Pending investment, we will invest the net proceeds of this offering
primarily in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, and other
high-quality investments that mature in one year or less from the date of
investment.


We attempt to find opportunities to deploy capital where there is little or no
competition, and we believe lower middle-market companies represent the best
market for those opportunities. Competition does, however, come from various
providers of financing to lower middle-market companies. These providers
include, and could in the future include, certain specialty and commercial
finance companies, business development companies, commercial and investment
banks, private investment funds, private mezzanine funds, factoring companies,
insurance companies, and other equity and non-equity based investment funds.
Many of these existing and potential competitors have, or could have,
substantially greater financial resources than we do. We will, however, continue
to seek opportunities that we believe have little or no competition.


Company Description
Hunting Dog Capital Corp. is a holding company that intends to operate through
several wholly owned subsidiaries to provide financing solutions to lower
middle-market companies, which we define as businesses with revenues between $5
million and $50 million, and needing financing typically under $20


 million. We
will seek long-term equity appreciation through modest equity exposure that does
not subject us to the risk of material capital loss. We intend to conduct our
business through wholly owned our subsidiaries, which will primarily provide
various forms of financing, including through direct loans, convertible debt
instruments, trade finance, structured credit, and, to a lesser extent, acquire
preferred and common equity securities, issued by or relating to lower
middle-market companies. We anticipate each of these assets will be between $5
million and $20 million. As an internally managed entity, Hunting Dog Capital
Corp. will incur operating expenses, but will not pay any management or
incentive fees for the management and investment of the proceeds. We intend to
pursue these opportunities and conduct our operations such that we and our
subsidiaries will qualify for exemptions under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”).

Additionally, as part of this offering, we will acquire 100% of the membership
interests of Hunting Dog Capital LLC, an investment manager of lower
middle-market private debt funds. Hunting Dog Capital LLC will become our wholly
owned subsidiary and continue to manage HD Special-Situations II, LP, and HD
Special-Situations III, LP (“Fund II” and “Fund III,” respectively, and
collectively, the “Existing Funds”), whose assets under management totaled
approximately $82.1 million and $83.6 million, as of March 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. As a result, we will be entitled to receive the management fees 
associated with Hunting Dog Capital LLC’s management of each of the Existing 
Funds. We will not, however, be entitled to receive any incentive fees 
associated with operating performance of the Existing Funds. Instead, certain of
our directors and executive officers will continue to be entitled to receive 
those incentive fees. Hunting Dog Capital LLC receives a management fee from 
each of the Existing Funds equal to a percentage of aggregate capital 
commitments to each fund until the expiration of each fund’s investment period,
at which point the management fee is calculated as a percentage of the value of
the fund’s investment portfolio. Hunting Dog Capital LLC will no longer be 
entitled to receive a management fee from the Existing Funds at the earlier of 
(i) the date on which all of such fund’s investments have been realized or (ii)
in the case of Fund III, September 30, 2021. Fund II’s investment period has 
expired and it therefore currently pays Hunting Dog Capital LLC a management fee
based on its approximately $35.4 million investment portfolio as of March 31, 
2017. Fund III’s investment period has also expired and it therefore currently 
pays Hunting Dog Capital LLC a management fee based on its approximately $46.7 
million investment portfolio as of March 31, 2017.

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016, and the three months
ended March 31, 2017, Hunting Dog Capital LLC earned management fees of
approximately $1.4 million, $1.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively.
Historical management fees and anticipated future management fees relate
exclusively to assets under management in the Existing Funds and, as noted
above, do not include incentive fees.

For the period of October 23, 2009 through March 31, 2017, the Existing Funds
generated gross returns on called capital (i.e. the capital we have requested
from the commitments made to us by investors) of approximately 14.6%, without 
the use of “leverage” (borrowing funds to enhance equity holders’ returns), and
without any material capital gains. Through March 31, 2017, Fund II generated a 
cumulative net return of 11.1%. For the same period, the cumulative net return 
of Fund III was 3.8%. As of March 31, 2017, the portfolios of the Existing Funds
were comprised of (i) fourteen discrete senior secured loans to twelve 
borrowers, and (ii) three control equity positions that were originally 
structured as senior secured term-loans. Returns are typically lower at the 
outset of a fund as it absorbs set-up expenses and adds income-generating 
assets. We have been able to generate these returns while maintaining a senior 
position by typically structuring loans to allow the borrower to pay only 
interest during the term of our loans with the full principal amount due at
maturity as well as requiring that the borrower give us only a nominal equity 
interest, if any, in exchange for our loans. We believe that this structure 
provides our borrowers with greater flexibility to develop their business, while
maintaining ownership of their company, for which they are willing to pay higher
interest rates. Gross and net IRRs reflect historical results relating to our 
past performance and are not necessarily indicative of our future results. While
the Company’s financing activities will be differentiated from those of the
Existing Funds, the returns generated by the Existing Funds are an example of
the management team’s ability to generate returns by making senior secured 
term-loans to lower middle-market companies. The loans made by the Existing 
Funds and those made by the Company and our subsidiaries will be characterized 
by two common traits:

• They are all secured by tangible collateral, the value of which typically  
  exceeds the amount of the loan; and                                        

• The borrowers typically have significant at-risk equity.

We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering to capitalize our wholly
owned subsidiaries. None of the proceeds of this offering will be invested in
the Existing Funds. They will deploy this capital in various forms of financing
to lower middle-market companies unable to access sufficient amounts of
traditional financing, such as bank debt or private equity on terms acceptable
to their owners. We believe U.S.-based lower middle-market companies represent a
market both underserved by institutional capital, and capable of generating
favorable risk-adjusted returns for investors. We believe that historically,
however, access to these opportunities has been limited, such that individual
and institutional investors have been unable to participate efficiently in this
market segment. The significant time and effort required and the cost of
sourcing new opportunities among lower middle-market companies are
disproportionately high relative to the typically small transaction size. Since
its inception in 2006, however, Hunting Dog Capital LLC has developed a
proprietary transaction-referral network that consists of over 7,000 sources
across the United States specializing in raising capital for this market
segment. This network provides Hunting Dog Capital LLC access to hundreds of
opportunities on an annual basis, and will enable us to maintain a high level of
selectivity in those opportunities. We intend to use this network of sources to
enable us to access opportunities to finance the needs of lower middle-market
companies in transactions that fit within our investment strategy. We refer to
companies to which we have provided financing as our “investments.”
---

Hunting Dog Capital Corp., was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on August
28, 2015. Our corporate headquarters are located at One Maritime Plaza, Suite 
825, San Francisco, CA 94111. Our telephone number is (415) 942-5316. Our 
principal website address is www.hdcap.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$391,592


Net Income
$132,747


Total Assets
$210,872






Total Liabilities
$406,831


Stockholders' Equity
-$195,959


View all Company Financials for HDCC


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP.
S-1/A
6/15/2017
Filing



HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP.
S-1/A
5/24/2017
Filing



HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP.
S-1/A
4/19/2017
Filing



HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP.
S-1/A
10/25/2016
Filing



HUNTING DOG CAPITAL CORP.
S-1
3/4/2016
Filing



View all SEC Filings for HDCC




Experts


Auditor
EKS&H LLLP


Auditor
RSM US LLP


Company Counsel
Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP


Company Counsel
Sutherland Asbill and Brennan LLP


Lead Underwriter
Joseph Gunnar and Co., L.L.C


Lead Underwriter
W.R. Hambrecht and Co., LLC


Transfer Agent
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP









News for HDCC










 Subscribe


                More HDCC News & Commentary



                Read HDCC Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































