










 









						Hwg Holdings LP Position in Buckeye Partners LP Unitltd P (BPL) Has Cut as Stock Value Declined; As Visa (V) Valuation Rose, Beaumont Financial Partners Has Boosted by $449,436 Its Stake - Flint Daily								







 































































Finance
Business
Stock News
Penny Stock News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy






Hwg Holdings LP Position in Buckeye Partners LP Unitltd P (BPL) Has Cut as Stock Value Declined; As Visa (V) Valuation Rose, Beaumont Financial Partners Has Boosted by $449,436 Its Stake

July 26, 2017 - By Louis Casey

Beaumont Financial Partners Llc increased its stake in Visa Inc (V) by 4.04% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. Beaumont Financial Partners Llc bought 5,762 shares as the company’s stock rose 5.74% with the market. The institutional investor held 148,440 shares of the business services company at the end of 2016Q4, valued at $11.58 million, up from 142,678 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Beaumont Financial Partners Llc who had been investing in Visa Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $228.52B market cap company. The stock rose 0.32% or $0.32 reaching $100.31 per share. About 1.74M shares traded. Visa Inc (NYSE:V) has risen 20.29% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 3.59% the S&P500.
Hwg Holdings Lp decreased its stake in Buckeye Partners LP Unitltd P (BPL) by 66.19% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. Hwg Holdings Lp sold 54,353 shares as the company’s stock declined 5.01% while stock markets rallied. The institutional investor held 27,760 shares of the natural gas distribution company at the end of 2016Q4, valued at $1.84 million, down from 82,113 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Hwg Holdings Lp who had been investing in Buckeye Partners LP Unitltd P for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $9.15B market cap company. The stock declined 0.08% or $0.05 reaching $64.29 per share. About 34,993 shares traded. Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) has declined 5.99% since July 26, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 22.69% the S&P500.







Analysts await Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) to report earnings on August, 4 before the open. They expect $1.00 EPS, down 6.54% or $0.07 from last year’s $1.07 per share. BPL’s profit will be $142.32 million for 16.07 P/E if the $1.00 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.88 actual EPS reported by Buckeye Partners, L.P. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 13.64% EPS growth. 
More recent Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) news were published by: Globenewswire.com which released: “Buckeye Partners, LP to Release Earnings and Hold Conference Call for 2017 …” on July 12, 2017. Also Seekingalpha.com published the news titled: “What To Look For In Buckeye Partners’ Results For 2Q 2017” on July 25, 2017. Seekingalpha.com‘s news article titled: “Buckeye Partners: Just Getting Warmed Up” with publication date: July 17, 2017 was also an interesting one.
Since May 24, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 1 insider sale for $219,760 activity. 
Among 11 analysts covering Buckeye Partners (NYSE:BPL), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 8 Hold. Therefore 27% are positive. Buckeye Partners had 26 analyst reports since August 4, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Monday, November 7 the stock rating was maintained by Mizuho with “Neutral”. On Thursday, August 25 the stock rating was initiated by Goldman Sachs with “Neutral”. The company was maintained on Wednesday, October 26 by Stifel Nicolaus. The firm has “Equal Weight” rating by Barclays Capital given on Tuesday, January 17. Goldman Sachs downgraded Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) on Thursday, December 15 to “Neutral” rating. The stock of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) has “Overweight” rating given on Thursday, February 25 by Morgan Stanley. Stifel Nicolaus maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Wednesday, March 2 report. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Monday, May 8 by Stifel Nicolaus. DA Davidson upgraded Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) on Monday, December 14 to “Buy” rating. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Monday, February 13 by Mizuho.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.06 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.46, from 1.52 in 2016Q3. It dived, as 37 investors sold BPL shares while 87 reduced holdings. 30 funds opened positions while 101 raised stakes. 94.57 million shares or 6.05% more from 89.17 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Btr Capital Mngmt reported 0.13% stake. Cohen And Steers accumulated 0.08% or 444,788 shares. Raymond James Associate has invested 0.02% of its portfolio in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL). Georgia-based Atlantic Trust Group has invested 1.4% in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL). Creative Planning invested in 988,346 shares. Asset Management invested 0.07% in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL). Botty Investors Ltd Com, a Illinois-based fund reported 5,925 shares. Parkside Fincl Bank owns 17,723 shares for 0.51% of their portfolio. Geneva Advisors Limited Liability Corp invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL). Manchester Mgmt Llc holds 338 shares. Cibc Asset Incorporated holds 0% in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL) or 4,128 shares. Whitnell & Com accumulated 0.09% or 3,000 shares. National Planning Corporation owns 3,323 shares for 0.02% of their portfolio. Texan Mngmt reported 26,660 shares. Sunbelt Inc has 0% invested in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE:BPL).
Beaumont Financial Partners Llc, which manages about $2.17B and $661.29M US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Ishares Silver Tr (SLV) by 84,826 shares to 25,575 shares, valued at $386,000 in 2016Q4, according to the filing. It also reduced its holding in Spdr Tr (XLY) by 27,390 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 90,528 shares, and cut its stake in Ishares Tr (IWS). 
Investors sentiment increased to 1.05 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.12, from 0.93 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 86 investors sold V shares while 540 reduced holdings. 132 funds opened positions while 525 raised stakes. 1.69 billion shares or 1.50% more from 1.66 billion shares in 2016Q3 were reported. 1.15 million were reported by Maplelane Capital Limited Liability. Leavell Inv Management invested in 0.72% or 66,659 shares. Private Advisor Gp Llc reported 125,526 shares. Jacobs Levy Equity Management Inc accumulated 129,724 shares or 0.2% of the stock. Vulcan Value Prtn Limited Liability invested in 4.84 million shares. The Ohio-based Riverpoint Lc has invested 1.45% in Visa Inc (NYSE:V). Nomura owns 0.04% invested in Visa Inc (NYSE:V) for 204,083 shares. Sandy Spring Commercial Bank has 0.14% invested in Visa Inc (NYSE:V) for 17,423 shares. Hirtle Callaghan And Limited Liability, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 69 shares. Aviva Public Limited Liability Co has 1.48M shares for 0.69% of their portfolio. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Ca owns 133,382 shares or 4.92% of their US portfolio. Macroview Inv Management holds 0.01% or 30 shares. The Massachusetts-based St Germain D J has invested 0.15% in Visa Inc (NYSE:V). Douglass Winthrop Advsr Lc holds 0.09% or 17,202 shares in its portfolio. Baldwin Brothers Ma reported 0.08% in Visa Inc (NYSE:V).
Among 30 analysts covering Visa Inc. (NYSE:V), 25 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 83% are positive. Visa Inc. had 61 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Loop Capital initiated the stock with “Buy” rating in Wednesday, February 15 report. As per Friday, July 21, the company rating was maintained by UBS. The stock has “Buy” rating by Cowen & Co on Friday, July 21. As per Friday, June 23, the company rating was maintained by Jefferies. The rating was initiated by Guggenheim with “Buy” on Thursday, October 8. The stock of Visa Inc (NYSE:V) earned “Outperform” rating by Oppenheimer on Monday, October 19. The rating was upgraded by JP Morgan to “Overweight” on Monday, June 6. On Tuesday, December 8 the stock rating was maintained by Keefe Bruyette & Woods with “Outperform”. Cowen & Co maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Friday, July 14 report. UBS initiated Visa Inc (NYSE:V) rating on Wednesday, December 16. UBS has “Buy” rating and $90 target.
Since February 6, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 2 insider sales for $11.71 million activity. Another trade for 125,372 shares valued at $10.75M was sold by Sheedy William M..


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Hwg Holdings LP Position in Buckeye Partners LP Unitltd P (BPL) Has Cut as Stock Value Declined; As Visa (V) Valuation Rose, Beaumont Financial Partners Has Boosted by $449,436 Its Stake


EPS for Radius Health (RDUS) Expected At $-1.35; 683 Capital Management Lifted Dicerna Pharmaceuticals (DRNA) Stake By $738,900


Gamestop New Cl A (GME) Shareholder Parametric Portfolio Associates Has Lowered Its Stake by $1.71 Million, General Growth Pptys New (GGP) Holder Natixis Has Lifted Holding by $346,200


Cognex (CGNX) Reaches $95.85 After 8.00% Up Move; Berry Plastics Has 1.01 Sentiment


Orinda Asset Management Has Cut Position in New York Reit (NYRT) as Shares Declined; Canadian Natl Ry Co (CNI) Holder Diam Company LTD Upped Its Holding


Orinda Asset Management Stake in Arbor Rlty Tr (ABR) Has Boosted by $460,404 as Market Value Rose, Peapack Gladstone Financial Has Trimmed Its General Electric (GE) Stake by $801,660 as Market Value Declined


Spf Beheer Bv Has Cut Its Walt Disney Co The (DIS) Stake by $920,403, Peapack Gladstone Financial Has Raised Its Bb&T (BBT) Position by $351,842 as Valuation Declined


Analysts See $1.09 EPS for Pinnacle West Capital (PNW), 5 Analysts Are Bullish WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Last Week


Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Reaches $16.75 After 6.00% Up Move; Shannon River Fund Management Has Increased By $1.75 Million Its 8X8 New (EGHT) Position


Kinross Gold (USA) (KGC) Reaches $4.15 After 5.00% Up Move; Ampco-pittsburgh (AP) Sellers Decreased By 0.84% Their Shorts






© Copyright 2011-2017 Flint Daily










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle



























HWG HOLDINGS LP Houston TX, 77008 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
HWG Holdings LP
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







HWG Holdings LP



1111 North Loop W, Ste 1110

Houston,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 77008-1773
							
							 |  view map



						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

HWG HOLDINGS LP in Houston, TX.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2010
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Montgomery Marine Repair


RAM Enterprises Inc


Barnes & Noble


Walbro








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on HWG Holdings LP
Rate HWG Holdings LP on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about HWG Holdings LP
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGUE
VORA SHAILESH C MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CONTORNO INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
GOODY 2 SHOES
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
ADVENT I LLC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
AZURADISC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















HWG Holdings LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























hwg holdings lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
HWG Holdings LP operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers investment advisory and portfolio management services.




Corporate Information
Address:

1111 North Loop West
Suite 1110
Houston, TX 77008
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




















































Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Share Price - BNB Daily












 
















 

 

Home » Investing



Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Share Price

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about HealthSouth Corp (NYSE:HLS) has trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group scores the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ:FWLT) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Press coverage about Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ:FWLT) has trended positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time....  




Federal Signal Corporation (NYSE:FSS) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media coverage about Federal Signal Corporation (NYSE:FSS) has been trending positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Ford Motor (F) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media headlines about Ford Motor (NYSE:F) have been trending somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. The research group scores the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources...  




Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.14

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News headlines about Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) have trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. The research firm identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and...  




Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Media coverage about Genesis Energy, L.P. (NYSE:GEL) has been trending somewhat positive this week, Accern reports. The research group identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog...  




Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) Share Price

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) has been trending positive on Thursday, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Accern ranks...  




Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Scotiabank

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM) was upgraded by stock analysts at Scotiabank from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report released on Wednesday, July 5th. The brokerage presently...  




Kohl’s Corporation (KSS) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) was upgraded by stock analysts at BidaskClub from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday, July 5th.
A number of other brokerages have...  




Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) Upgraded to “Buy” by Citigroup Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Citigroup Inc. upgraded shares of Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Wednesday, July 5th, MarketBeat.com reports. The brokerage currently has $15.00 price objective...  




AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE:MITT) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Wednesday, July 5th.
According to Zacks, “AG Mortgage...  




Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) Receives “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (NYSE:ADM)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, June 27th. They currently have a $41.00 price objective...  




Zacks Investment Research Lowers Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) to Hold

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, July 4th.
According to Zacks, “GUIDANCE...  




Black Box Corporation (BBOX) Rating Increased to Buy at Sidoti

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Sidoti upgraded shares of Black Box Corporation (NASDAQ:BBOX) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. Sidoti currently has $10.00 price objective on the...  




Mizuho Lowers Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) to Neutral

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Mizuho downgraded shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Tuesday, July 4th, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Mizuho currently has $150.00 price objective...  




Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, July 4th.
According to Zacks, “Harmonic designs,...  




Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Cantor Fitzgerald restated their buy rating on shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in a research note published on Tuesday, June 27th, Marketbeat Ratings reports. Cantor Fitzgerald currently has a $1,070.00 price objective on the...  




Sysco Corporation’s (SYY) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have a $60.00...  




Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Praxair (PX) Share Price

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

News coverage about Praxair (NYSE:PX) has trended somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Accern Sentiment. Accern identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time....  




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one research firms that are currently covering the firm, Marketbeat Ratings reports. One research analyst...  




Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the seven ratings firms that are covering the company, MarketBeat reports. One analyst has rated the stock...  




Rice Energy Inc. (RICE) Rating Lowered to Hold at KLR Group

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

KLR Group lowered shares of Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday, June 27th, MarketBeat reports. They currently have $27.00 price target on the oil and gas...  




$0.39 Earnings Per Share Expected for Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) This Quarter

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Wall Street brokerages forecast that Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) will announce earnings per share of $0.39 for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have provided estimates for Axalta...  




Eagle Materials Inc (EXP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.17 Per Share

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Equities analysts expect Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) to report earnings of $1.17 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Eagle Materials’ earnings,...  




Marathon Patent Group (NASDAQ:MARA) and Advanced Disposal Services (ADSW) Head to Head Analysis

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Marathon Patent Group (NASDAQ: MARA) and Advanced Disposal Services (NASDAQ:ADSW) are both finance companies, but which is the superior investment? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their earnings, dividends,...  




Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Sells 669,521 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Levin Capital Strategies L.P. cut its position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) by 91.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 62,473...  




Phillips 66 (PSX) Shares Sold by South State Corp

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

South State Corp cut its position in Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) by 19.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 49,006 shares of the oil and gas company’s...  




Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 7,102 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. decreased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GS) by 19.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional...  




General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Stake Increased by Blue Chip Partners Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Blue Chip Partners Inc. raised its position in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 16,110 shares...  




Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Position Maintained by Pettee Investors Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Pettee Investors Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,332 shares...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.25 Million Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO) (TSE:IMO) by 4.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission...  




Citigroup Inc. (C) Stake Decreased by NEXT Financial Group Inc

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

NEXT Financial Group Inc reduced its position in shares of Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) by 31.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 14,080 shares of the financial...  




Essex Financial Services Inc. Has $261,000 Position in FedEx Corporation (FDX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Essex Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) by 14.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,335 shares of the shipping service provider’s...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.28 Million Stake in W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA) by 30.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)....  




Omnia Family Wealth LLC Maintains Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Omnia Family Wealth LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 3,836 shares of...  




Eagle Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Eagle Asset Management Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) by 11.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned...  




Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Duke Energy Corporation (DUK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Warren Averett Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Duke Energy Corporation (NYSE:DUK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional...  




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $3.33 Million Stake in BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (NYSE:BXS) by 4.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The...  




HubSpot, Inc. (HUBS) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) by 1.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 75,500...  




Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) Earns “Buy” Rating from B. Riley

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

B. Riley reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) in a report released on Thursday, June 29th. B. Riley currently has a $31.00 price target on the semiconductor company’s stock.
A...  




VCA Inc. (WOOF) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

VCA Inc. (NASDAQ:WOOF) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Thursday, June 29th.
According to Zacks, “VCA Inc. is a national animal healthcare...  




Cray Inc (CRAY) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Cray Inc (NASDAQ:CRAY) by 4.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 212,960...  




149,273 Shares in Premier, Inc. (PINC) Acquired by Ameriprise Financial Inc.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ameriprise Financial Inc. acquired a new position in Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 149,273 shares of the...  




Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ:CY) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Thursday, June 29th. The brokerage presently has a $15.00...  




Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Downgraded to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) was downgraded by research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) to a “neutral” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday, July 3rd, Marketbeat reports. They currently have a GBX...  




Beaufort Securities Downgrades Fox Marble Holdings PLC (FOX) to Hold

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Beaufort Securities downgraded shares of Fox Marble Holdings PLC (LON:FOX) to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday, July 3rd.
Shares of Fox Marble Holdings PLC (LON:FOX) traded up 0.000% on Monday, hitting...  




VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (VDSI) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday, June...  




General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Morgan Stanley

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Morgan Stanley restated their equal weight rating on shares of General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) in a research report sent to investors on Sunday, June 25th. Morgan Stanley currently has a $55.00 price target on the stock, down from...  




Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research note issued to investors on Sunday, June 25th. They presently have a $47.00 price objective on the industrial...  




$7.06 Billion in Sales Expected for Philip Morris International Inc (PM) This Quarter

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Brokerages expect Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) to post $7.06 billion in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Philip Morris International’s...  


Next » 














Free Email Newsletter
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.41
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC) Position Raised by Delta Lloyd NV
Rogers Corporation (ROG) Position Cut by Prudential Financial Inc.
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Shares Bought by Mason Street Advisors LLC
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Position Raised by Wealthsource Partners LLC
Nordea Investment Management AB Sells 889,163 Shares of Stryker Corporation (SYK)
Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 11 Shares of Cubic Corporation (CUB)
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,349 Shares of Vipshop Holdings Limited (VIPS)
Premier Asset Managment LLC Has $369,000 Position in Accenture PLC (ACN)
Allergan PLC. (AGN) Shares Sold by Mayo Investment Advisers LLC
Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Prudential Financial Inc. Acquires 72 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE)
Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 1,732 Shares of Woodward, Inc. (WWD)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Acquires 249,725 Shares of Enbridge Energy Management LLC (EEQ)
USS Investment Management Ltd Has $22,858,000 Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD)
Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) SVP Sells $29,984.00 in Stock
GTT Communications, Inc. (NYSE:GTT) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share


 


















﻿

























Adept Technology (ADEP) & iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Critical Comparison - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Adept Technology Inc
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Adept Technology Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts
Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Contrasting Glatfelter (NYSE:GLT) and Neenah Paper (NP)
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. (CLMT) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Stake Increased by ACR Alpine Capital Research LLC
Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Reduces Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX)
Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Stifel Financial Corp Purchases 260 Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD)
Prudential Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Position in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG)
Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Brokerages Set DXC Technology Company. (NYSE:DXC) PT at $86.63
Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware Reduces Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
Zions Bancorporation (ZION) Shares Sold by Stifel Financial Corp
Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 100 Shares of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA)
KBC Group NV Buys 35,000 Shares of Allergan PLC. (AGN)
Brokerages Anticipate Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $937.25 Million
SG Americas Securities LLC Has $228,000 Position in YRC Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:YRCW)
SG Americas Securities LLC Raises Stake in Babcock (NYSE:BW)


 


Adept Technology (ADEP) & iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Critical Comparison

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Adept Technology (NASDAQ: ADEP) and iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ:IRBT) are both technology companies, but which is the superior stock? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends, risk, institutional ownership, earnings, profitabiliy, valuation and analyst recommendations. 
Analyst Ratings


 Get Adept Technology Inc alerts:



This is a breakdown of current ratings and price targets for Adept Technology and iRobot Corporation, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Adept Technology
0
0
0
0
N/A


iRobot Corporation
1
4
1
0
2.00






iRobot Corporation has a consensus price target of $61.83, suggesting a potential downside of 30.11%. Given iRobot Corporation’s higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe iRobot Corporation is more favorable than Adept Technology.
Institutional and Insider Ownership
87.4% of iRobot Corporation shares are owned by institutional investors. 5.5% of iRobot Corporation shares are owned by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, large money managers and hedge funds believe a company is poised for long-term growth.
Profitability
This table compares Adept Technology and iRobot Corporation’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Adept Technology
-10.16%
-27.44%
-18.42%


iRobot Corporation
7.79%
14.03%
11.10%


Valuation & Earnings
This table compares Adept Technology and iRobot Corporation’s revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Adept Technology
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


iRobot Corporation
$698.27 million
3.47
$86.78 million
$1.94
45.60


iRobot Corporation has higher revenue and earnings than Adept Technology. 
Summary
iRobot Corporation beats Adept Technology on 8 of the 8 factors compared between the two stocks.
Adept Technology Company Profile
Adept Technology, Inc. (Adept) is a global, robotics-based automation supplier. The Company designs and manufactures industrial (fixed) and mobile robots along with a range of control and vision systems and software which are used for assembly, packaging, handling, testing and logistics applications. Adept operates through two segments: Robotics, and Services and Support. The Company provides robotics systems, software and services to a variety of markets, including electronics, food, semiconductor, warehouse/logistics, medical and automotive. Adept also offers on-site field service, training courses, applications support, field upgrades, factory repair and remanufactured products. Adept classifies robots into two categories, fixed (industrial) robots (multi-axis) and mobile robots (autonomous vehicles). Adept manufactures both types of robots and offers various options, such as vision and automation control software and related hardware, parts feeding and enterprise-level software.
iRobot Corporation Company Profile
iRobot Corporation is a consumer robot company, which is engaged in designing and building robots. The Company’s portfolio of solutions features various technologies for the connected home and various concepts in mapping, navigation, mobility and artificial intelligence. The Company sells various products that are designed for use at home. Its consumer products focus on both indoor and outdoor cleaning applications. The Company offers multiple Roomba floor vacuuming robots. Roomba’s design allows it to clean under kick boards, beds and other furniture. It offers the Braava family of automatic floor mopping robots designed for hard surface floors. The Roomba 600 series robots offer a three-stage cleaning system. The iRobot HOME Application helps users to choose cleaning options for their home. Its Mirra Pool Cleaning Robot is used to clean residential pools. The Company’s trademarks include Scooba, ViPR, NorthStar, Create, iAdapt, Aware, Home Base, Looj, Braava, vSLAM and Virtual Wall. 
 
Receive News & Ratings for Adept Technology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adept Technology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HWG HOLDINGS, LP - HOUSTON, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



HOUSTON



Holding Companies, Nec



Holding Companies, Nec



                            HWG HOLDINGS, LP
                                    



 





















H 


HWG HOLDINGS, LP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1111 NORTH LOOP W HOUSTON, TX 77008
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $99,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Holding Companies, Nec
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hwg Holdings, Lp is located at 1111 North Loop W in Houston and has been in the business of Holding Companies, Nec since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) News & Analysis






















    























































































Zebra Technologies Corporation Company Profile (NASDAQ:ZBRA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)
Zebra Technologies Corporation designs, manufactures and sells a range of automatic identification and data capture (AIDC) products. The Company's AIDC products include mobile computers, barcode scanners, radio frequency identification (RFID) readers, wireless local area network (WLAN) products, specialty printers for barcode labeling and personal identification, real-time location systems (RTLS), related accessories and supplies, such as self-adhesive labels and other consumables, and utilities and application software. The Company operates through two segments: Enterprise, which comprises its mobile computing, data capture, RFID and WLAN products, and services, and Legacy Zebra, which comprises barcode and card printing, location solutions, supplies and services. The Company's products are used in automatic identification (auto ID), data collection and personal identification applications. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Electronic Equipment & Parts - NEC
Sub-Industry: Office Electronics
Symbol: NASDAQ:ZBRA
CUSIP: 98920710
Web: www.zebra.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $5.42 billionOutstanding Shares: 52,763,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $102.17200 Day Moving Avg: $94.0652 Week Range: $51.68 - $109.30


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 14.43P/E Growth: 1.45Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $3.59 billionPrice / Sales: 1.51Book Value: $15.07 per sharePrice / Book: 6.82


Profitability:EBIDTA: $602 millionNet Margins: -2.98%Return on Equity: 37.96%Return on Assets: 6.41%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 3.24%Current Ratio: 1.27%Quick Ratio: 0.86%Misc:Average Volume: 363,262 shs.Beta: 1.62Short Ratio: 2.83

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)
What is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock symbol?

Zebra Technologies Corporation trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "ZBRA."



How were Zebra Technologies Corporation's earnings last quarter?

Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company reported $1.37 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.07. The company earned $865 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $847.76 million. Zebra Technologies Corporation had a positive return on equity of 37.96% and a negative net margin of 2.98%. The firm's revenue for the quarter was up 1.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.01 EPS.  View Zebra Technologies Corporation's Earnings History.



When will Zebra Technologies Corporation make its next earnings announcement?

Zebra Technologies Corporation is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 8th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



What guidance has Zebra Technologies Corporation issued on next quarter's earnings?

Zebra Technologies Corporation updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $1.35-1.55 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $1.45. The company issued revenue guidance of $864.4-890.8 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $873.33 million.



Where is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock going? Where will Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price be in 2017?

8 brokerages have issued 1 year target prices for Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock. Their forecasts range from $69.00 to $110.00. On average, they anticipate Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price to reach $96.83 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



What are analysts saying about Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Zebra Technologies Corporation stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Zebra Technologies Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries design, manufacture and support a broad range of direct thermal and thermal transfer bar code label printers, receipt printers, instant-issuance plastic card printers and secure identification printing systems, related accessories, and support software. The company markets its products worldwide principally to manufacturing and service organizations for use in automatic identification, data collection, and personal identification systems.   " (7/20/2017)
2. Needham & Company LLC analysts commented, "We are initiating coverage of Zebra Technologies (ZBRA) with a Buy rating and $102 target price. Following the October 2014 acquisition of the Enterprise business of Motorola Solutions, ZBRA has become a category leader in barcode and RFID scanners, mobile computing devices, printers and related software and solutions. We believe ZBRA is uniquely positioned to benefit from the proliferation of sensors and connected devices driving the ongoing convergence of the physical and digital worlds in the retail, transportation & logistics, healthcare and manufacturing markets. ZBRA is on track to meet its long-term financial targets set at the time of the acquisition, including expanding adj. EBITDA margins to 18-20% and de-levering the balance sheet through an aggressive pay-down of debt that was taken on to fund the acquisition." (3/28/2017)




Who are some of Zebra Technologies Corporation's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Zebra Technologies Corporation include Packaging Corporation of America (PKG), Xylem (XYL), Fortune Brands Home & Security (FBHS), W.W. Grainger (GWW), Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS), AB SKF (SKFRY), IDEX Corporation (IEX), Sealed Air Corporation (SEE), Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY), Crown Holdings (CCK), Allegion PLC (ALLE), The Middleby Corporation (MIDD), BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY), Nordson Corporation (NDSN), Hubbell (HUBB), HD Supply Holdings (HDS), Graco (GGG) and Donaldson Company (DCI).



Who are Zebra Technologies Corporation's key executives?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's management team includes the folowing people: Michael A. Smith, Independent Chairman of the BoardAnders Gustafsson, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorOlivier Leonetti, Chief Financial OfficerMichael H. Terzich, Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative OfficerJeffrey P. Schmitz, Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing OfficerJim L. Kaput, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryWilliam Burns, Senior Vice President - Enterprise Visibility and MobilityMichael Cho, Senior Vice President - Corporate DevelopmentHugh K. Gagnier, Senior Vice President - OperationsJoachim Heel, Senior Vice President - Global Sales



Who owns Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock is owned by a variety of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. (0.65%), GW&K Investment Management LLC (0.65%), American Capital Management Inc. (0.52%), Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS (0.28%), Braun Stacey Associates Inc. (0.23%) and Boston Advisors LLC (0.22%). Company insiders that own Zebra Technologies Corporation stock include Anders Gustafsson, Bill Burns, Frank Blaise Modruson, Hugh K Gagnier, Jim L Kaput, Joachim Heel, Michael C Smiley, Michael Cho, Michael H Terzich, Richard L Keyser and Ross W Manire. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



Who sold Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? Who is selling Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P., Russell Investments Group Ltd., NGAM Advisors L.P., American Capital Management Inc., Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc., CAPROCK Group Inc. and Advisors Capital Management LLC. Company insiders that have sold Zebra Technologies Corporation stock in the last year include Anders Gustafsson, Hugh K Gagnier, Jim L Kaput, Michael Cho, Michael H Terzich and Richard L Keyser. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



Who bought Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? Who is buying Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Braun Stacey Associates Inc., Boston Advisors LLC, GW&K Investment Management LLC, James Investment Research Inc., ING Groep NV, Oakbrook Investments LLC, Iberiabank Corp and NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.. Company insiders that have bought Zebra Technologies Corporation stock in the last two years include Anders Gustafsson, Bill Burns, Frank Blaise Modruson, Jim L Kaput, Joachim Heel, Michael C Smiley and Richard L Keyser. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



How do I buy Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? 

Shares of Zebra Technologies Corporation can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price today?

One share of Zebra Technologies Corporation stock can currently be purchased for approximately $102.76.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ ZBRA)Community Ranking:  2.6 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  165 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  155 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  320MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Zebra Technologies Corporation and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 4 Hold Ratings, 4 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $96.83 (5.77% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails5/31/2017Morgan StanleyDowngradeOverweight -> Equal Weight$95.00 -> $100.00High5/22/2017Needham & Company LLCReiterated RatingBuy$107.00Low5/11/2017Barrington ResearchBoost Price TargetOutperform$105.00 -> $110.00Low5/10/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformLow2/27/2017Imperial CapitalReiterated RatingIn -> In-Line$86.00 -> $95.00N/A2/16/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingNeutral$69.00N/A12/20/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingBuyN/A11/15/2016Avondale PartnersUpgradeMarket Perform -> OutperformN/A8/9/2016Wellington ShieldsUpgradeHold -> Gradually AccumulateN/A6/29/2016Northcoast ResearchDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A1/20/2016Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Lower Price TargetOutperform$110.00 -> $90.00N/A8/12/2015Robert W. BairdUpgradeNeutral -> Outperform$125.00 -> $103.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Earnings History by Quarter for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ ZBRA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/8/2017$1.46N/A5/9/2017Q1 2017$1.30$1.37$847.76 million$865.00 millionViewListen2/23/2017Q416$1.73$1.93$931.17 million$944.00 millionViewN/A11/15/2016Q316$1.41$1.43$906.42 million$904.00 millionViewN/A8/9/2016Q216$1.06$1.34$869.18 million$879.00 millionViewN/A5/10/2016Q116$1.22$1.01$878.67 million$847.00 millionViewListen2/25/2016Q415$1.47$1.51$960.26 million$952.70 millionViewListen11/10/2015Q315$1.23$1.39$918.49 million$916.30 millionViewListen8/11/2015Q215$1.18$1.05$885.35 million$889.80 millionViewListen5/13/2015Q115$1.12$1.39$881.83 million$893.20 millionViewListen3/17/2015Q414$0.95$1.15$783.51 million$790.60 millionViewN/A11/4/2014Q314$0.87$0.93$291.86 million$303.30 millionViewN/A8/5/2014Q214$0.82$0.84$285.64 million$288.42 millionViewN/A5/6/2014Q1$0.90$0.91$287.03 million$288.30 millionViewN/A2/19/2014Q413$0.77$0.82$268.03 million$284.50 millionViewN/A11/5/2013Q313$0.66$0.76$258.13 million$263.52 millionViewN/A8/6/2013Q2 2013$0.63$0.63$251.00 million$253.20 millionViewN/A5/2/2013Q1 2013$0.63$0.50$248.26 million$236.90 millionViewN/A2/12/2013Q4 2012$0.67$0.68$250.23 million$253.18 millionViewN/A11/6/2012Q312$0.64$0.69$250.03 million$252.00 millionViewN/A7/31/2012$0.61$0.60ViewN/A4/27/2012$0.57$0.58ViewN/A2/14/2012$0.62$0.67ViewN/A11/8/2011$0.61$0.64ViewN/A8/4/2011$0.59$0.60ViewN/A5/4/2011$0.47$0.54ViewN/A2/15/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.192018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.50QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172$1.19$1.21$1.20Q2 20172$1.35$1.58$1.47Q3 20172$1.60$1.61$1.61Q4 20171$1.92$1.92$1.92Q1 20181$1.31$1.31$1.31Q2 20181$1.47$1.47$1.47Q3 20181$1.73$1.73$1.73Q4 20181$1.99$1.99$1.99(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 2.50%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 94.20%Insider Trades by Quarter for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/2/2017Michael ChoSVPSell1,572$107.76$169,398.72  5/25/2017Michael H TerzichSVPSell1,789$106.89$191,226.21  5/25/2017Richard L KeyserDirectorSell6,132$106.26$651,586.32  5/16/2017Hugh K GagnierSVPSell9,388$100.42$942,742.96  5/11/2017Michael H TerzichSVPSell8,721$99.15$864,687.15  2/27/2017Anders GustafssonCEOSell40,000$92.22$3,688,800.00  12/16/2016Anders GustafssonCEOSell25,000$84.91$2,122,750.00  9/20/2016Michael ChoSVPSell1,850$68.56$126,836.00  9/8/2016Jim L KaputSVPBuy3,457$68.22$235,836.54  8/15/2016Michael H TerzichSVPSell8,819$68.07$600,309.33  8/11/2016Jim L KaputSVPSell5,000$64.83$324,150.00  5/19/2016Frank Blaise ModrusonDirectorBuy1,130$48.88$55,234.40  3/8/2016Joachim HeelSVPBuy1,560$63.74$99,434.40  2/29/2016Richard L KeyserDirectorBuy1,000$61.89$61,890.00  12/21/2015Bill BurnsSVPBuy760$64.95$49,362.00  12/16/2015Ross W. ManireDirectorSell13,200$70.02$924,264.00  12/15/2015Joachim HeelSVPBuy1,454$69.56$101,140.24  12/14/2015Anders GustafssonCEOBuy4,000$72.82$291,280.00  11/12/2015Michael C. SmileyCFOBuy1,400$73.26$102,564.00  8/13/2015Joachim HeelSVPBuy2,275$87.67$199,449.25  6/26/2015Michael ChoSVPSell1,394$112.92$157,410.48  6/16/2015Hugh K GagnierSVPSell6,658$113.83$757,880.14  6/8/2015Michael A SmithDirectorSell4,300$112.95$485,685.00  6/5/2015Anders GustafssonCEOSell10,000$114.03$1,140,300.00  5/21/2015Michael H TerzichSVPSell14,640$108.82$1,593,124.80  5/18/2015Jim L KaputSVPSell9,611$109.75$1,054,807.25  3/25/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell3,249$88.10$286,236.90  3/24/2015Michael C SmileyCFOSell11,700$90.88$1,063,296.00  3/24/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell4,170$91.65$382,180.50  3/23/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell6,000$91.50$549,000.00  3/20/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell20,000$86.31$1,726,200.00  12/3/2014Michael ChoSVPSell1,350$75.37$101,749.50  11/10/2014Jim L KaputSVPSell3,226$72.89$235,143.14  8/29/2014Philip GerskovichSVPBuy2,600$78.16$203,216.00  8/22/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell28,474$76.82$2,187,372.68  8/21/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell30,181$77.20$2,329,973.20  8/14/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell31,128$75.08$2,337,090.24  8/11/2014Hugh K GagnierSVPSell25,645$74.60$1,913,117.00  8/11/2014Todd R NaughtonVPSell32,927$74.42$2,450,427.34  6/16/2014Hugh K GagnierSVPSell9,334$76.50$714,051.00  6/12/2014Anders GustafssonCEOSell10,000$78.95$789,500.00  5/19/2014Ross ManireDirectorSell6,018$73.37$441,540.66  5/13/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell29,786$73.96$2,202,972.56  5/12/2014Anders GustafssonCEOSell27,840$74.85$2,083,824.00  5/9/2014Michael ChoSVPSell2,089$74.27$155,150.03  5/8/2014Hugh GagnierSVPSell9,686$74.96$726,062.56  11/8/2013Hugh GagnierSVPSell10,500$50.54$530,670.00  9/9/2013Jim L KaputSVPSell2,918$46.03$134,315.54  8/14/2013Michael TerzichSVPSell11,897$48.41$575,933.77  8/13/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell14,844$48.06$713,402.64  8/13/2013Michael TerzichSVPSell2,583$48.43$125,094.69  8/8/2013Michael SmileyCFOSell7,457$47.51$354,282.07  6/14/2013Hugh K GagnierSVPSell4,588$45.66$209,488.08  5/30/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell14,390$46.01$662,083.90  5/28/2013Hugh K GagnierSVPSell16,932$46.76$791,740.32  5/22/2013Jim L KaputSVPSell5,000$46.39$231,950.00  5/9/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell54,831$46.42$2,545,255.02  5/9/2013Todd R NaughtonVPSell11,189$46.62$521,631.18  5/7/2013Michael H TerzichSVPSell11,095$46.37$514,475.15  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)


Latest Headlines for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 8:31 PMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 8:31 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMINVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra ... - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Zebra Technologies Corporation - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBragar Eagel & Squire, PC Announces That a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Zebra Technologies ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMINVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims On Behalf of Investors of Zebra Technologies Corporation - ZBRAfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMFederman & Sherwood Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces That a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMGlancy Prongay & Murray Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action on Behalf of Zebra Technologies Corporation Investors and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBon-Ton Stores Improve Customer Experience and Sales Efficiency with Zebra RFID Technology - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMRobbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Announces Comprehensive Debt Restructuring - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies to Release Second-Quarter Results on Aug. 8finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMRobbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Announces Comprehensive Debt Restructuringfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 11:32 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 4:54 PMAnalyzing Avnet (AVT) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 2:32 PMFY2018 Earnings Forecast for Zebra Technologies Corporation Issued By Northcoast Research (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 1:18 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 11:44 AMZebra Unveils High-Performance Industrial Printers that Improve ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 19 at 9:50 AMEquities Analysts Set Expectations for Zebra Technologies Corporation's Q2 2017 Earnings (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 9:15 AMChicago Communications Community Recognizes Zebra Technologies for Intelligent Enterprise Campaign - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 15 at 9:54 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $877.66 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 9:58 AM$1.35 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 2:30 PMZebra Technologies Corp. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:ZBRA) : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 4 at 9:01 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) vs. OSI Systems (OSIS) Critical Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 8:18 AMZebra Technologies Corp. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : ZBRA-US : June 30, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 2 at 8:52 AMZebra Technologies' Next-Generation Scanner Scale Expedites ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 29 at 4:31 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Downgraded to "Buy" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 3:06 PMZebra Technologies’ Next-Generation Scanner Scale Expedites Checkout Lines and Improves Shopper Experiencefinance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:15 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 11:59 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 4:28 PMZebra Technologies' iFactr Platform Transitions to Open Source - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 27 at 9:33 AMZebra Technologies’ iFactr Platform Transitions to Open Sourcefinance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 9:33 AMComparing API Technologies Corp (ATNY) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 6:48 PMZebra Technologies’ Ultra-Rugged Scanner Wins Good Design® Award for Outstanding Product Innovationfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:55 PM


Social





Chart
Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) News & Analysis






















    























































































Zebra Technologies Corporation Company Profile (NASDAQ:ZBRA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)
Zebra Technologies Corporation designs, manufactures and sells a range of automatic identification and data capture (AIDC) products. The Company's AIDC products include mobile computers, barcode scanners, radio frequency identification (RFID) readers, wireless local area network (WLAN) products, specialty printers for barcode labeling and personal identification, real-time location systems (RTLS), related accessories and supplies, such as self-adhesive labels and other consumables, and utilities and application software. The Company operates through two segments: Enterprise, which comprises its mobile computing, data capture, RFID and WLAN products, and services, and Legacy Zebra, which comprises barcode and card printing, location solutions, supplies and services. The Company's products are used in automatic identification (auto ID), data collection and personal identification applications. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Electronic Equipment & Parts - NEC
Sub-Industry: Office Electronics
Symbol: NASDAQ:ZBRA
CUSIP: 98920710
Web: www.zebra.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $5.42 billionOutstanding Shares: 52,763,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $102.17200 Day Moving Avg: $94.0652 Week Range: $51.68 - $109.30


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 14.43P/E Growth: 1.45Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $3.59 billionPrice / Sales: 1.51Book Value: $15.07 per sharePrice / Book: 6.82


Profitability:EBIDTA: $602 millionNet Margins: -2.98%Return on Equity: 37.96%Return on Assets: 6.41%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 3.24%Current Ratio: 1.27%Quick Ratio: 0.86%Misc:Average Volume: 363,262 shs.Beta: 1.62Short Ratio: 2.83

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)
What is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock symbol?

Zebra Technologies Corporation trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "ZBRA."



How were Zebra Technologies Corporation's earnings last quarter?

Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company reported $1.37 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.07. The company earned $865 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $847.76 million. Zebra Technologies Corporation had a negative net margin of 2.98% and a positive return on equity of 37.96%. The firm's quarterly revenue was up 1.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.01 earnings per share.  View Zebra Technologies Corporation's Earnings History.



When will Zebra Technologies Corporation make its next earnings announcement?

Zebra Technologies Corporation is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 8th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



What guidance has Zebra Technologies Corporation issued on next quarter's earnings?

Zebra Technologies Corporation updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $1.35-1.55 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of $1.45. The company issued revenue guidance of $864.4-890.8 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $873.33 million.



Where is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock going? Where will Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price be in 2017?

8 brokers have issued twelve-month price objectives for Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock. Their predictions range from $69.00 to $110.00. On average, they anticipate Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price to reach $96.83 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



What are analysts saying about Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Zebra Technologies Corporation stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Zebra Technologies Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries design, manufacture and support a broad range of direct thermal and thermal transfer bar code label printers, receipt printers, instant-issuance plastic card printers and secure identification printing systems, related accessories, and support software. The company markets its products worldwide principally to manufacturing and service organizations for use in automatic identification, data collection, and personal identification systems.   " (7/20/2017)
2. Needham & Company LLC analysts commented, "We are initiating coverage of Zebra Technologies (ZBRA) with a Buy rating and $102 target price. Following the October 2014 acquisition of the Enterprise business of Motorola Solutions, ZBRA has become a category leader in barcode and RFID scanners, mobile computing devices, printers and related software and solutions. We believe ZBRA is uniquely positioned to benefit from the proliferation of sensors and connected devices driving the ongoing convergence of the physical and digital worlds in the retail, transportation & logistics, healthcare and manufacturing markets. ZBRA is on track to meet its long-term financial targets set at the time of the acquisition, including expanding adj. EBITDA margins to 18-20% and de-levering the balance sheet through an aggressive pay-down of debt that was taken on to fund the acquisition." (3/28/2017)




Who are some of Zebra Technologies Corporation's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Zebra Technologies Corporation include Packaging Corporation of America (PKG), Xylem (XYL), Fortune Brands Home & Security (FBHS), W.W. Grainger (GWW), Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS), AB SKF (SKFRY), IDEX Corporation (IEX), Sealed Air Corporation (SEE), Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY), Crown Holdings (CCK), Allegion PLC (ALLE), The Middleby Corporation (MIDD), BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY), Nordson Corporation (NDSN), Hubbell (HUBB), HD Supply Holdings (HDS), Graco (GGG) and Donaldson Company (DCI).



Who are Zebra Technologies Corporation's key executives?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's management team includes the folowing people: Michael A. Smith, Independent Chairman of the BoardAnders Gustafsson, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorOlivier Leonetti, Chief Financial OfficerMichael H. Terzich, Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative OfficerJeffrey P. Schmitz, Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing OfficerJim L. Kaput, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryWilliam Burns, Senior Vice President - Enterprise Visibility and MobilityMichael Cho, Senior Vice President - Corporate DevelopmentHugh K. Gagnier, Senior Vice President - OperationsJoachim Heel, Senior Vice President - Global Sales



Who owns Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock is owned by many different of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. (0.65%), GW&K Investment Management LLC (0.65%), American Capital Management Inc. (0.52%), Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS (0.28%), Braun Stacey Associates Inc. (0.23%) and Boston Advisors LLC (0.22%). Company insiders that own Zebra Technologies Corporation stock include Anders Gustafsson, Bill Burns, Frank Blaise Modruson, Hugh K Gagnier, Jim L Kaput, Joachim Heel, Michael C Smiley, Michael Cho, Michael H Terzich, Richard L Keyser and Ross W Manire. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



Who sold Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? Who is selling Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P., Russell Investments Group Ltd., NGAM Advisors L.P., American Capital Management Inc., Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc., CAPROCK Group Inc. and Advisors Capital Management LLC. Company insiders that have sold Zebra Technologies Corporation stock in the last year include Anders Gustafsson, Hugh K Gagnier, Jim L Kaput, Michael Cho, Michael H Terzich and Richard L Keyser. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



Who bought Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? Who is buying Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Braun Stacey Associates Inc., Boston Advisors LLC, GW&K Investment Management LLC, James Investment Research Inc., ING Groep NV, Oakbrook Investments LLC, Iberiabank Corp and NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.. Company insiders that have bought Zebra Technologies Corporation stock in the last two years include Anders Gustafsson, Bill Burns, Frank Blaise Modruson, Jim L Kaput, Joachim Heel, Michael C Smiley and Richard L Keyser. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



How do I buy Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? 

Shares of Zebra Technologies Corporation can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price today?

One share of Zebra Technologies Corporation stock can currently be purchased for approximately $102.76.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ ZBRA)Community Ranking:  2.6 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  165 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  155 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  320MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Zebra Technologies Corporation and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 4 Hold Ratings, 4 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $96.83 (5.77% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails5/31/2017Morgan StanleyDowngradeOverweight -> Equal Weight$95.00 -> $100.00High5/22/2017Needham & Company LLCReiterated RatingBuy$107.00Low5/11/2017Barrington ResearchBoost Price TargetOutperform$105.00 -> $110.00Low5/10/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformLow2/27/2017Imperial CapitalReiterated RatingIn -> In-Line$86.00 -> $95.00N/A2/16/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingNeutral$69.00N/A12/20/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingBuyN/A11/15/2016Avondale PartnersUpgradeMarket Perform -> OutperformN/A8/9/2016Wellington ShieldsUpgradeHold -> Gradually AccumulateN/A6/29/2016Northcoast ResearchDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A1/20/2016Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Lower Price TargetOutperform$110.00 -> $90.00N/A8/12/2015Robert W. BairdUpgradeNeutral -> Outperform$125.00 -> $103.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Earnings History by Quarter for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ ZBRA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/8/2017$1.46N/A5/9/2017Q1 2017$1.30$1.37$847.76 million$865.00 millionViewListen2/23/2017Q416$1.73$1.93$931.17 million$944.00 millionViewN/A11/15/2016Q316$1.41$1.43$906.42 million$904.00 millionViewN/A8/9/2016Q216$1.06$1.34$869.18 million$879.00 millionViewN/A5/10/2016Q116$1.22$1.01$878.67 million$847.00 millionViewListen2/25/2016Q415$1.47$1.51$960.26 million$952.70 millionViewListen11/10/2015Q315$1.23$1.39$918.49 million$916.30 millionViewListen8/11/2015Q215$1.18$1.05$885.35 million$889.80 millionViewListen5/13/2015Q115$1.12$1.39$881.83 million$893.20 millionViewListen3/17/2015Q414$0.95$1.15$783.51 million$790.60 millionViewN/A11/4/2014Q314$0.87$0.93$291.86 million$303.30 millionViewN/A8/5/2014Q214$0.82$0.84$285.64 million$288.42 millionViewN/A5/6/2014Q1$0.90$0.91$287.03 million$288.30 millionViewN/A2/19/2014Q413$0.77$0.82$268.03 million$284.50 millionViewN/A11/5/2013Q313$0.66$0.76$258.13 million$263.52 millionViewN/A8/6/2013Q2 2013$0.63$0.63$251.00 million$253.20 millionViewN/A5/2/2013Q1 2013$0.63$0.50$248.26 million$236.90 millionViewN/A2/12/2013Q4 2012$0.67$0.68$250.23 million$253.18 millionViewN/A11/6/2012Q312$0.64$0.69$250.03 million$252.00 millionViewN/A7/31/2012$0.61$0.60ViewN/A4/27/2012$0.57$0.58ViewN/A2/14/2012$0.62$0.67ViewN/A11/8/2011$0.61$0.64ViewN/A8/4/2011$0.59$0.60ViewN/A5/4/2011$0.47$0.54ViewN/A2/15/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.192018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.50QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172$1.19$1.21$1.20Q2 20172$1.35$1.58$1.47Q3 20172$1.60$1.61$1.61Q4 20171$1.92$1.92$1.92Q1 20181$1.31$1.31$1.31Q2 20181$1.47$1.47$1.47Q3 20181$1.73$1.73$1.73Q4 20181$1.99$1.99$1.99(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 2.50%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 94.20%Insider Trades by Quarter for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/2/2017Michael ChoSVPSell1,572$107.76$169,398.72  5/25/2017Michael H TerzichSVPSell1,789$106.89$191,226.21  5/25/2017Richard L KeyserDirectorSell6,132$106.26$651,586.32  5/16/2017Hugh K GagnierSVPSell9,388$100.42$942,742.96  5/11/2017Michael H TerzichSVPSell8,721$99.15$864,687.15  2/27/2017Anders GustafssonCEOSell40,000$92.22$3,688,800.00  12/16/2016Anders GustafssonCEOSell25,000$84.91$2,122,750.00  9/20/2016Michael ChoSVPSell1,850$68.56$126,836.00  9/8/2016Jim L KaputSVPBuy3,457$68.22$235,836.54  8/15/2016Michael H TerzichSVPSell8,819$68.07$600,309.33  8/11/2016Jim L KaputSVPSell5,000$64.83$324,150.00  5/19/2016Frank Blaise ModrusonDirectorBuy1,130$48.88$55,234.40  3/8/2016Joachim HeelSVPBuy1,560$63.74$99,434.40  2/29/2016Richard L KeyserDirectorBuy1,000$61.89$61,890.00  12/21/2015Bill BurnsSVPBuy760$64.95$49,362.00  12/16/2015Ross W. ManireDirectorSell13,200$70.02$924,264.00  12/15/2015Joachim HeelSVPBuy1,454$69.56$101,140.24  12/14/2015Anders GustafssonCEOBuy4,000$72.82$291,280.00  11/12/2015Michael C. SmileyCFOBuy1,400$73.26$102,564.00  8/13/2015Joachim HeelSVPBuy2,275$87.67$199,449.25  6/26/2015Michael ChoSVPSell1,394$112.92$157,410.48  6/16/2015Hugh K GagnierSVPSell6,658$113.83$757,880.14  6/8/2015Michael A SmithDirectorSell4,300$112.95$485,685.00  6/5/2015Anders GustafssonCEOSell10,000$114.03$1,140,300.00  5/21/2015Michael H TerzichSVPSell14,640$108.82$1,593,124.80  5/18/2015Jim L KaputSVPSell9,611$109.75$1,054,807.25  3/25/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell3,249$88.10$286,236.90  3/24/2015Michael C SmileyCFOSell11,700$90.88$1,063,296.00  3/24/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell4,170$91.65$382,180.50  3/23/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell6,000$91.50$549,000.00  3/20/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell20,000$86.31$1,726,200.00  12/3/2014Michael ChoSVPSell1,350$75.37$101,749.50  11/10/2014Jim L KaputSVPSell3,226$72.89$235,143.14  8/29/2014Philip GerskovichSVPBuy2,600$78.16$203,216.00  8/22/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell28,474$76.82$2,187,372.68  8/21/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell30,181$77.20$2,329,973.20  8/14/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell31,128$75.08$2,337,090.24  8/11/2014Hugh K GagnierSVPSell25,645$74.60$1,913,117.00  8/11/2014Todd R NaughtonVPSell32,927$74.42$2,450,427.34  6/16/2014Hugh K GagnierSVPSell9,334$76.50$714,051.00  6/12/2014Anders GustafssonCEOSell10,000$78.95$789,500.00  5/19/2014Ross ManireDirectorSell6,018$73.37$441,540.66  5/13/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell29,786$73.96$2,202,972.56  5/12/2014Anders GustafssonCEOSell27,840$74.85$2,083,824.00  5/9/2014Michael ChoSVPSell2,089$74.27$155,150.03  5/8/2014Hugh GagnierSVPSell9,686$74.96$726,062.56  11/8/2013Hugh GagnierSVPSell10,500$50.54$530,670.00  9/9/2013Jim L KaputSVPSell2,918$46.03$134,315.54  8/14/2013Michael TerzichSVPSell11,897$48.41$575,933.77  8/13/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell14,844$48.06$713,402.64  8/13/2013Michael TerzichSVPSell2,583$48.43$125,094.69  8/8/2013Michael SmileyCFOSell7,457$47.51$354,282.07  6/14/2013Hugh K GagnierSVPSell4,588$45.66$209,488.08  5/30/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell14,390$46.01$662,083.90  5/28/2013Hugh K GagnierSVPSell16,932$46.76$791,740.32  5/22/2013Jim L KaputSVPSell5,000$46.39$231,950.00  5/9/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell54,831$46.42$2,545,255.02  5/9/2013Todd R NaughtonVPSell11,189$46.62$521,631.18  5/7/2013Michael H TerzichSVPSell11,095$46.37$514,475.15  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)


Latest Headlines for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 8:31 PMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 8:31 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMINVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra ... - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Zebra Technologies Corporation - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBragar Eagel & Squire, PC Announces That a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Zebra Technologies ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMINVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims On Behalf of Investors of Zebra Technologies Corporation - ZBRAfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMFederman & Sherwood Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces That a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMGlancy Prongay & Murray Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action on Behalf of Zebra Technologies Corporation Investors and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBon-Ton Stores Improve Customer Experience and Sales Efficiency with Zebra RFID Technology - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMRobbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Announces Comprehensive Debt Restructuring - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies to Release Second-Quarter Results on Aug. 8finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMRobbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Announces Comprehensive Debt Restructuringfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 11:32 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 4:54 PMAnalyzing Avnet (AVT) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 2:32 PMFY2018 Earnings Forecast for Zebra Technologies Corporation Issued By Northcoast Research (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 1:18 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 11:44 AMZebra Unveils High-Performance Industrial Printers that Improve ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 19 at 9:50 AMEquities Analysts Set Expectations for Zebra Technologies Corporation's Q2 2017 Earnings (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 9:15 AMChicago Communications Community Recognizes Zebra Technologies for Intelligent Enterprise Campaign - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 15 at 9:54 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $877.66 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 9:58 AM$1.35 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 2:30 PMZebra Technologies Corp. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:ZBRA) : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 4 at 9:01 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) vs. OSI Systems (OSIS) Critical Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 8:18 AMZebra Technologies Corp. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : ZBRA-US : June 30, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 2 at 8:52 AMZebra Technologies' Next-Generation Scanner Scale Expedites ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 29 at 4:31 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Downgraded to "Buy" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 3:06 PMZebra Technologies’ Next-Generation Scanner Scale Expedites Checkout Lines and Improves Shopper Experiencefinance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:15 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 11:59 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 4:28 PMZebra Technologies' iFactr Platform Transitions to Open Source - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 27 at 9:33 AMZebra Technologies’ iFactr Platform Transitions to Open Sourcefinance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 9:33 AMComparing API Technologies Corp (ATNY) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 6:48 PMZebra Technologies’ Ultra-Rugged Scanner Wins Good Design® Award for Outstanding Product Innovationfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:55 PM


Social





Chart
Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff























































HWG HOLDINGS LP Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






HWG HOLDINGS LP






1111 NORTH LOOP WEST, HOUSTON,  Texas, 77008, (713) 980-8820


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
37


New Positions
23


Increased Positions
24


Decreased Positions
12


Positions with Activity
36


Sold Out Positions
6


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
88



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
2.61%


Basic Materials



Industrials
2.76%


Consumer Cyclicals
1.55%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals



Financials
59.33%


Healthcare
5.97%


Technology
27.77%


Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






37 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



ISHARES TR
CORE S&P MCP ETF
16,007
-14,627
(47.75)
90,633


APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS INC
COM
10,756
10,756
New
109,957


ISHARES TR
RUS 1000 GRW ETF
9,942
9,942
New
81,259


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P500 ETF
8,234
-4,519
(35.43)
33,082


ISHARES TR
RUS 1000 VAL ETF
4,594
4,594
New
39,221


SPDR INDEX SHS FDS
EURO STOXX 50
4,445
4,445
New
112,231


ISHARES
MSCI SPAN CP ETF
3,896
3,896
New
114,793


NETFLIX INC
COM
3,579
3,579
New
19,594


ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS
COM
2,976
2,976
New
100,994


HUNTINGTON INGALLS INDS INC
COM
2,443
-949
(27.98)
12,043


APPLE INC
COM
1,930
1,930
New
12,818


IROBOT CORP
COM
1,774
1,774
New
16,855


BUCKEYE PARTNERS L P
UNIT LTD PARTN
1,626
-139
(7.88)
25,572


FIRST TR NASDAQ100 TECH INDEX
SHS
1,601
1,601
New
24,761


CDK GLOBAL INC
COM
1,455
1,455
New
22,117


AMAZON COM INC
COM
1,372
1,372
New
1,312


PAYCOM SOFTWARE INC
COM
1,185
1,185
New
17,113


UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
COM
1,060
1,060
New
5,611


SVB FINL GROUP
COM
1,058
1,058
New
5,905


ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CORP
CL A
1,027
-1,188
(53.64)
9,992




<< first< previous12next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) News & Analysis






















    























































































Zebra Technologies Corporation Company Profile (NASDAQ:ZBRA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)
Zebra Technologies Corporation designs, manufactures and sells a range of automatic identification and data capture (AIDC) products. The Company's AIDC products include mobile computers, barcode scanners, radio frequency identification (RFID) readers, wireless local area network (WLAN) products, specialty printers for barcode labeling and personal identification, real-time location systems (RTLS), related accessories and supplies, such as self-adhesive labels and other consumables, and utilities and application software. The Company operates through two segments: Enterprise, which comprises its mobile computing, data capture, RFID and WLAN products, and services, and Legacy Zebra, which comprises barcode and card printing, location solutions, supplies and services. The Company's products are used in automatic identification (auto ID), data collection and personal identification applications. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Electronic Equipment & Parts - NEC
Sub-Industry: Office Electronics
Symbol: NASDAQ:ZBRA
CUSIP: 98920710
Web: www.zebra.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $5.42 billionOutstanding Shares: 52,763,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $102.17200 Day Moving Avg: $94.0652 Week Range: $51.68 - $109.30


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 14.43P/E Growth: 1.45Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $3.59 billionPrice / Sales: 1.51Book Value: $15.07 per sharePrice / Book: 6.82


Profitability:EBIDTA: $602 millionNet Margins: -2.98%Return on Equity: 37.96%Return on Assets: 6.41%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 3.24%Current Ratio: 1.27%Quick Ratio: 0.86%Misc:Average Volume: 363,262 shs.Beta: 1.62Short Ratio: 2.83

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)
What is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock symbol?

Zebra Technologies Corporation trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "ZBRA."



How were Zebra Technologies Corporation's earnings last quarter?

Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company reported $1.37 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $865 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $847.76 million. Zebra Technologies Corporation had a positive return on equity of 37.96% and a negative net margin of 2.98%. Zebra Technologies Corporation's quarterly revenue was up 1.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.01 EPS.  View Zebra Technologies Corporation's Earnings History.



When will Zebra Technologies Corporation make its next earnings announcement?

Zebra Technologies Corporation is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 8th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



What guidance has Zebra Technologies Corporation issued on next quarter's earnings?

Zebra Technologies Corporation updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $1.35-1.55 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $1.45. The company issued revenue guidance of $864.4-890.8 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $873.33 million.



Where is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock going? Where will Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price be in 2017?

8 brokers have issued twelve-month target prices for Zebra Technologies Corporation's shares. Their forecasts range from $69.00 to $110.00. On average, they anticipate Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price to reach $96.83 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



What are analysts saying about Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Zebra Technologies Corporation stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Zebra Technologies Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries design, manufacture and support a broad range of direct thermal and thermal transfer bar code label printers, receipt printers, instant-issuance plastic card printers and secure identification printing systems, related accessories, and support software. The company markets its products worldwide principally to manufacturing and service organizations for use in automatic identification, data collection, and personal identification systems.   " (7/20/2017)
2. Needham & Company LLC analysts commented, "We are initiating coverage of Zebra Technologies (ZBRA) with a Buy rating and $102 target price. Following the October 2014 acquisition of the Enterprise business of Motorola Solutions, ZBRA has become a category leader in barcode and RFID scanners, mobile computing devices, printers and related software and solutions. We believe ZBRA is uniquely positioned to benefit from the proliferation of sensors and connected devices driving the ongoing convergence of the physical and digital worlds in the retail, transportation & logistics, healthcare and manufacturing markets. ZBRA is on track to meet its long-term financial targets set at the time of the acquisition, including expanding adj. EBITDA margins to 18-20% and de-levering the balance sheet through an aggressive pay-down of debt that was taken on to fund the acquisition." (3/28/2017)




Who are some of Zebra Technologies Corporation's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Zebra Technologies Corporation include Packaging Corporation of America (PKG), Xylem (XYL), Fortune Brands Home & Security (FBHS), W.W. Grainger (GWW), Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS), AB SKF (SKFRY), IDEX Corporation (IEX), Sealed Air Corporation (SEE), Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY), Crown Holdings (CCK), Allegion PLC (ALLE), The Middleby Corporation (MIDD), BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY), Nordson Corporation (NDSN), Hubbell (HUBB), HD Supply Holdings (HDS), Graco (GGG) and Donaldson Company (DCI).



Who are Zebra Technologies Corporation's key executives?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's management team includes the folowing people: Michael A. Smith, Independent Chairman of the BoardAnders Gustafsson, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorOlivier Leonetti, Chief Financial OfficerMichael H. Terzich, Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative OfficerJeffrey P. Schmitz, Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing OfficerJim L. Kaput, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryWilliam Burns, Senior Vice President - Enterprise Visibility and MobilityMichael Cho, Senior Vice President - Corporate DevelopmentHugh K. Gagnier, Senior Vice President - OperationsJoachim Heel, Senior Vice President - Global Sales



Who owns Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional investors include Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. (0.65%), GW&K Investment Management LLC (0.65%), American Capital Management Inc. (0.52%), Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS (0.28%), Braun Stacey Associates Inc. (0.23%) and Boston Advisors LLC (0.22%). Company insiders that own Zebra Technologies Corporation stock include Anders Gustafsson, Bill Burns, Frank Blaise Modruson, Hugh K Gagnier, Jim L Kaput, Joachim Heel, Michael C Smiley, Michael Cho, Michael H Terzich, Richard L Keyser and Ross W Manire. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



Who sold Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? Who is selling Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P., Russell Investments Group Ltd., NGAM Advisors L.P., American Capital Management Inc., Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc., CAPROCK Group Inc. and Advisors Capital Management LLC. Company insiders that have sold Zebra Technologies Corporation stock in the last year include Anders Gustafsson, Hugh K Gagnier, Jim L Kaput, Michael Cho, Michael H Terzich and Richard L Keyser. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



Who bought Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? Who is buying Zebra Technologies Corporation stock?

Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Braun Stacey Associates Inc., Boston Advisors LLC, GW&K Investment Management LLC, James Investment Research Inc., ING Groep NV, Oakbrook Investments LLC, Iberiabank Corp and NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.. Company insiders that have bought Zebra Technologies Corporation stock in the last two years include Anders Gustafsson, Bill Burns, Frank Blaise Modruson, Jim L Kaput, Joachim Heel, Michael C Smiley and Richard L Keyser. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zebra Technologies Corporation.



How do I buy Zebra Technologies Corporation stock? 

Shares of Zebra Technologies Corporation can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Zebra Technologies Corporation's stock price today?

One share of Zebra Technologies Corporation stock can currently be purchased for approximately $102.76.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ ZBRA)Community Ranking:  2.6 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  165 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  155 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  320MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Zebra Technologies Corporation and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 4 Hold Ratings, 4 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $96.83 (5.77% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails5/31/2017Morgan StanleyDowngradeOverweight -> Equal Weight$95.00 -> $100.00High5/22/2017Needham & Company LLCReiterated RatingBuy$107.00Low5/11/2017Barrington ResearchBoost Price TargetOutperform$105.00 -> $110.00Low5/10/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformLow2/27/2017Imperial CapitalReiterated RatingIn -> In-Line$86.00 -> $95.00N/A2/16/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingNeutral$69.00N/A12/20/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingBuyN/A11/15/2016Avondale PartnersUpgradeMarket Perform -> OutperformN/A8/9/2016Wellington ShieldsUpgradeHold -> Gradually AccumulateN/A6/29/2016Northcoast ResearchDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A1/20/2016Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Lower Price TargetOutperform$110.00 -> $90.00N/A8/12/2015Robert W. BairdUpgradeNeutral -> Outperform$125.00 -> $103.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Earnings History by Quarter for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ ZBRA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/8/2017$1.46N/A5/9/2017Q1 2017$1.30$1.37$847.76 million$865.00 millionViewListen2/23/2017Q416$1.73$1.93$931.17 million$944.00 millionViewN/A11/15/2016Q316$1.41$1.43$906.42 million$904.00 millionViewN/A8/9/2016Q216$1.06$1.34$869.18 million$879.00 millionViewN/A5/10/2016Q116$1.22$1.01$878.67 million$847.00 millionViewListen2/25/2016Q415$1.47$1.51$960.26 million$952.70 millionViewListen11/10/2015Q315$1.23$1.39$918.49 million$916.30 millionViewListen8/11/2015Q215$1.18$1.05$885.35 million$889.80 millionViewListen5/13/2015Q115$1.12$1.39$881.83 million$893.20 millionViewListen3/17/2015Q414$0.95$1.15$783.51 million$790.60 millionViewN/A11/4/2014Q314$0.87$0.93$291.86 million$303.30 millionViewN/A8/5/2014Q214$0.82$0.84$285.64 million$288.42 millionViewN/A5/6/2014Q1$0.90$0.91$287.03 million$288.30 millionViewN/A2/19/2014Q413$0.77$0.82$268.03 million$284.50 millionViewN/A11/5/2013Q313$0.66$0.76$258.13 million$263.52 millionViewN/A8/6/2013Q2 2013$0.63$0.63$251.00 million$253.20 millionViewN/A5/2/2013Q1 2013$0.63$0.50$248.26 million$236.90 millionViewN/A2/12/2013Q4 2012$0.67$0.68$250.23 million$253.18 millionViewN/A11/6/2012Q312$0.64$0.69$250.03 million$252.00 millionViewN/A7/31/2012$0.61$0.60ViewN/A4/27/2012$0.57$0.58ViewN/A2/14/2012$0.62$0.67ViewN/A11/8/2011$0.61$0.64ViewN/A8/4/2011$0.59$0.60ViewN/A5/4/2011$0.47$0.54ViewN/A2/15/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.192018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.50QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172$1.19$1.21$1.20Q2 20172$1.35$1.58$1.47Q3 20172$1.60$1.61$1.61Q4 20171$1.92$1.92$1.92Q1 20181$1.31$1.31$1.31Q2 20181$1.47$1.47$1.47Q3 20181$1.73$1.73$1.73Q4 20181$1.99$1.99$1.99(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 2.50%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 94.20%Insider Trades by Quarter for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/2/2017Michael ChoSVPSell1,572$107.76$169,398.72  5/25/2017Michael H TerzichSVPSell1,789$106.89$191,226.21  5/25/2017Richard L KeyserDirectorSell6,132$106.26$651,586.32  5/16/2017Hugh K GagnierSVPSell9,388$100.42$942,742.96  5/11/2017Michael H TerzichSVPSell8,721$99.15$864,687.15  2/27/2017Anders GustafssonCEOSell40,000$92.22$3,688,800.00  12/16/2016Anders GustafssonCEOSell25,000$84.91$2,122,750.00  9/20/2016Michael ChoSVPSell1,850$68.56$126,836.00  9/8/2016Jim L KaputSVPBuy3,457$68.22$235,836.54  8/15/2016Michael H TerzichSVPSell8,819$68.07$600,309.33  8/11/2016Jim L KaputSVPSell5,000$64.83$324,150.00  5/19/2016Frank Blaise ModrusonDirectorBuy1,130$48.88$55,234.40  3/8/2016Joachim HeelSVPBuy1,560$63.74$99,434.40  2/29/2016Richard L KeyserDirectorBuy1,000$61.89$61,890.00  12/21/2015Bill BurnsSVPBuy760$64.95$49,362.00  12/16/2015Ross W. ManireDirectorSell13,200$70.02$924,264.00  12/15/2015Joachim HeelSVPBuy1,454$69.56$101,140.24  12/14/2015Anders GustafssonCEOBuy4,000$72.82$291,280.00  11/12/2015Michael C. SmileyCFOBuy1,400$73.26$102,564.00  8/13/2015Joachim HeelSVPBuy2,275$87.67$199,449.25  6/26/2015Michael ChoSVPSell1,394$112.92$157,410.48  6/16/2015Hugh K GagnierSVPSell6,658$113.83$757,880.14  6/8/2015Michael A SmithDirectorSell4,300$112.95$485,685.00  6/5/2015Anders GustafssonCEOSell10,000$114.03$1,140,300.00  5/21/2015Michael H TerzichSVPSell14,640$108.82$1,593,124.80  5/18/2015Jim L KaputSVPSell9,611$109.75$1,054,807.25  3/25/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell3,249$88.10$286,236.90  3/24/2015Michael C SmileyCFOSell11,700$90.88$1,063,296.00  3/24/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell4,170$91.65$382,180.50  3/23/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell6,000$91.50$549,000.00  3/20/2015Robert J PotterDirectorSell20,000$86.31$1,726,200.00  12/3/2014Michael ChoSVPSell1,350$75.37$101,749.50  11/10/2014Jim L KaputSVPSell3,226$72.89$235,143.14  8/29/2014Philip GerskovichSVPBuy2,600$78.16$203,216.00  8/22/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell28,474$76.82$2,187,372.68  8/21/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell30,181$77.20$2,329,973.20  8/14/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell31,128$75.08$2,337,090.24  8/11/2014Hugh K GagnierSVPSell25,645$74.60$1,913,117.00  8/11/2014Todd R NaughtonVPSell32,927$74.42$2,450,427.34  6/16/2014Hugh K GagnierSVPSell9,334$76.50$714,051.00  6/12/2014Anders GustafssonCEOSell10,000$78.95$789,500.00  5/19/2014Ross ManireDirectorSell6,018$73.37$441,540.66  5/13/2014Philip GerskovichSVPSell29,786$73.96$2,202,972.56  5/12/2014Anders GustafssonCEOSell27,840$74.85$2,083,824.00  5/9/2014Michael ChoSVPSell2,089$74.27$155,150.03  5/8/2014Hugh GagnierSVPSell9,686$74.96$726,062.56  11/8/2013Hugh GagnierSVPSell10,500$50.54$530,670.00  9/9/2013Jim L KaputSVPSell2,918$46.03$134,315.54  8/14/2013Michael TerzichSVPSell11,897$48.41$575,933.77  8/13/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell14,844$48.06$713,402.64  8/13/2013Michael TerzichSVPSell2,583$48.43$125,094.69  8/8/2013Michael SmileyCFOSell7,457$47.51$354,282.07  6/14/2013Hugh K GagnierSVPSell4,588$45.66$209,488.08  5/30/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell14,390$46.01$662,083.90  5/28/2013Hugh K GagnierSVPSell16,932$46.76$791,740.32  5/22/2013Jim L KaputSVPSell5,000$46.39$231,950.00  5/9/2013Anders GustafssonCEOSell54,831$46.42$2,545,255.02  5/9/2013Todd R NaughtonVPSell11,189$46.62$521,631.18  5/7/2013Michael H TerzichSVPSell11,095$46.37$514,475.15  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)


Latest Headlines for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 8:31 PMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 8:31 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMEQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMINVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 3:30 PMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra ... - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Zebra Technologies Corporation - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBragar Eagel & Squire, PC Announces That a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Zebra Technologies ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMINVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims On Behalf of Investors of Zebra Technologies Corporation - ZBRAfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMHarwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMFederman & Sherwood Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces That a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMGlancy Prongay & Murray Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action on Behalf of Zebra Technologies Corporation Investors and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMIMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zebra Technologies Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:21 AMBon-Ton Stores Improve Customer Experience and Sales Efficiency with Zebra RFID Technology - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMRobbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Announces Comprehensive Debt Restructuring - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies to Release Second-Quarter Results on Aug. 8finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMRobbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Announces Comprehensive Debt Restructuringfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Shareholders of Class Action Against Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Zebra Technologies Corporationfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 9:53 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 11:32 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 4:54 PMAnalyzing Avnet (AVT) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 2:32 PMFY2018 Earnings Forecast for Zebra Technologies Corporation Issued By Northcoast Research (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 1:18 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 11:44 AMZebra Unveils High-Performance Industrial Printers that Improve ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 19 at 9:50 AMEquities Analysts Set Expectations for Zebra Technologies Corporation's Q2 2017 Earnings (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 9:15 AMChicago Communications Community Recognizes Zebra Technologies for Intelligent Enterprise Campaign - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 15 at 9:54 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $877.66 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 9:58 AM$1.35 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 2:30 PMZebra Technologies Corp. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:ZBRA) : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 4 at 9:01 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:ZBRA) vs. OSI Systems (OSIS) Critical Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 8:18 AMZebra Technologies Corp. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : ZBRA-US : June 30, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 2 at 8:52 AMZebra Technologies' Next-Generation Scanner Scale Expedites ... - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 29 at 4:31 PMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Downgraded to "Buy" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 3:06 PMZebra Technologies’ Next-Generation Scanner Scale Expedites Checkout Lines and Improves Shopper Experiencefinance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:15 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 11:59 AMZebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 4:28 PMZebra Technologies' iFactr Platform Transitions to Open Source - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - June 27 at 9:33 AMZebra Technologies’ iFactr Platform Transitions to Open Sourcefinance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 9:33 AMComparing API Technologies Corp (ATNY) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 6:48 PMZebra Technologies’ Ultra-Rugged Scanner Wins Good Design® Award for Outstanding Product Innovationfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:55 PM


Social





Chart
Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































