










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC. Find out Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC address and contact details. View other people related to Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE, 15TH FLOOR  NEW YORK CITY 10019 NY




Companies related to Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001615063Inspired Entertainment, Inc.250 WEST 57TH STREET, 22ND FLOOR  NEW YORK 10107




Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC on the Web
Persons related to Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC - Inspired Entertainment, Inc.NamePositionCityLuke Lyon  AlvarezChief Executive Officer NEW YORKStewart Frank Bradley  BakerNEW YORKStephen J  DannhauserNEW YORKLee William  GregoryNEW YORKNicholas Roger John  HagenDirector NEW YORKHG Vora Capital Management, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHG Vora Special Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd.NEW YORKSteven John  HolmesNEW YORKMarcus Alexander  HoyeDirector NEW YORKS.A.R.L.  LandgameLUXEMBOURGJeff S  LipkinNEW YORKJeff S  LipkinExecutive VP, CFO and COO NEW YORKMACQUARIE GROUP LTDSYDNEY, NEW SOUTH WALES,MIHI LLC10% Owner NEW YORKMIHI LLC NEW YORKJonathan S.  MillerNEW YORKGeorge  PengNEW YORKPolar Securities Inc.10% Owner TORONTOIra H  RaphaelsonDirector NEW YORK,STEVEN ROBERT  ROGERSSee Remarks NEW YORKPhilip-Moritz  RussmeyerNEW YORKMARTIN E  SCHLOSSSee Remarks NEW YORKMARTIN E  SCHLOSSNEW YORKMARTIN E  SCHLOSSExecutive VP, Sec & GC NEW YORK,Kenneth  SheaNEW YORKDaniel B.  SilversChief Strategy Officer NEW YORKBrent M  StevensNEW YORKJohn M  VandemoreDirector LAS VEGASVIP I A L.P.LONDONVIP I B L.P.LONDONVIP I Nominees LTDLONDONI Luxembourg S.A.R.L.  VitruvianLUXEMBOURGPartners LLP  VitruvianLONDONParag  VoraNEW YORKA LORNE  WEILExecutive Chairman NEW YORKA LORNE  WEILChairman and CEO NEW YORKA LORNE  WEILNEW YORKDavid Gray  WilsonChief Operating Officer NEW YORKRoger Dean  WithersDirector NEW YORK
Potentially same personNameCityCountryHydra Industries Sponsor LLCNEW YORKNY












 






      Hydra Industries Sponsor Llc 13D Filing - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > Latest 13D and 13G Filings  > 13D Filing (0001615774-17-003087)    Filing Details     Accession Number: 0001615774-17-003087 Form Type: 13D Filing Publication Date: 2017-06-09 16:15:32     Filed By: Hydra Industries Sponsor Llc Company:  Inspired Entertainment Inc. (NASDAQ:INSE) Filing Date: 2017-06-09 SEC Url:  13D Filing     Ownership Summary   Please notice the below summary table is generated without human intervention and may contain errors. Please refer to the complete filing displayed below for exact figures.    Name Sole Voting Power Shared Voting Power Sole Dispositive Power Shared Dispositive Power Aggregate Amount Owned Power Percent of Class    Hydra Industries Sponsor    0    2,310,923    0    2,310,923    2,310,923    9.5%   A. Lorne Weil    3,026,272    2,310,923    3,026,272    2,310,923    5,337,195    20.3%     Filing      UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549   SCHEDULE 13D   Under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (Amendment No. ___)*   INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT, INC.(Name of Issuer) Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share(Title of Class of Securities) 45782N108(CUSIP Number)  A. Lorne Weil Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC 250 West 57th Street, Suite 2223 New York, New York 10107  (646) 565-3861   with a copy to:   Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th FloorNew York, NY 10105(212) 370-1300  (Name, Address and Telephone Number of PersonAuthorized to Receive Notices and Communications) December 23, 2016(Date of Event which Requires Filing of this Statement)  If
the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule
13D, and is filing this schedule because of §§ 240.13d-1(e), 240.13d-1(f) or 240.13d-1(g), check the following box. ¨   Note: Schedules filed in paper format
shall include a signed original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See § 240.13d-7 for other parties
to whom copies are to be sent.   *The remainder of this cover page shall
be filled out for a reporting person’s initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for
any subsequent amendment containing information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page.   The information required on the remainder
of this cover page shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (“Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions
of the Act (however, see the Notes).       CUSIP
No. 45782N108   1. Names of Reporting Persons.   Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC  2. Check the
    Appropriate Box if a Member of a Group (See Instructions):  (a) (b)      3. SEC Use Only  4. Source of Funds (See Instructions): OO  5. Check if Disclosure of Legal Proceedings Is Required
        Pursuant to Items 2(d) or 2(e): Not Applicable  6. Citizenship
    or Place of Organization: Delaware    Number of Shares 7. Sole Voting Power: 0    Beneficially Owned by 8. Shared Voting Power: 2,310,923    Each Reporting        Person With 9. Sole Dispositive Power: 0      10. Shared Dispositive Power: 2,310,923            11. Aggregate Amount Beneficially Owned by Each Reporting Person: 2,310,923     12. Check if the Aggregate Amount in Row (11) Excludes Certain Shares (See Instructions): ¨    13. Percent of Class Represented by Amount in Row (11): 9.5%     14. Type of Reporting Person (See Instructions): OO         CUSIP No.  45782N108  1.  Names of Reporting Persons.   A. Lorne Weil  2. Check the Appropriate Box if a Member of a Group (See Instructions):   (a) (b)      3.  SEC Use Only  4.  Source of Funds (See Instructions): OO  5.  Check if Disclosure of Legal Proceedings Is Required Pursuant
        to Items 2(d) or 2(e): Not Applicable  6. Citizenship or Place of Organization: Canada    Number of Shares 7. Sole Voting Power: 3,026,272    Beneficially Owned by 8. Shared Voting Power: 2,310,923    Each Reporting        Person With 9. Sole Dispositive Power: 3,026,272      10. Shared Dispositive Power: 2,310,923            11. Aggregate Amount Beneficially Owned by Each Reporting Person: 5,337,195       12. Check if the Aggregate Amount in Row (11) Excludes
Certain Shares (See Instructions): ¨       13. Percent of Class Represented by Amount in Row (11): 20.3%       14. Type of Reporting Person (See Instructions): IN        Item 1. Security and Issuer.   This Schedule 13D (“Schedule
13D”) relates to the common stock (the “Common Stock”) of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (formerly known as Hydra
Industries Acquisition Corp.), a corporation formed under the laws of Delaware (the “Issuer”), whose principal executive
offices are located at 250 West 57th Street, Suite 2223, New York, New York 10107.  	 Item 2. Identity and Background.   This statement is being filed by the following
persons (each a “Reporting Person” and, collectively, the “Reporting Persons”):   (1) Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC (“Hydra Sponsor”);
and (2) A. Lorne Weil.	   Hydra Sponsor is a Delaware
limited liability company that was a sponsor of the Issuer’s initial public offering which was consummated on October 24,
2014 (“IPO”). The business address of Hydra Sponsor is 250 West 57th Street, Suite 2223, New York, New York 10107.
The principal business of Hydra Sponsor is investments. Mr. Weil is the managing member of Hydra Sponsor. Mr. Weil
has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Hydra Sponsor. The membership interests in Hydra Sponsor are owned by
Mr. Weil and Mr. Weil’s children or trusts for their benefit. Mr. Weil may be deemed the beneficial owner of the securities
held by Hydra Sponsor.   Mr. Weil is a citizen
of Canada. His address is c/o Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC, 250 West 57th Street, Suite 2223, New York, New York 10107. Mr. Weil
is the Executive Chairman of the Issuer.   During the last five
years, none of the Reporting Persons: (i) has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar
misdemeanors) or (ii) was a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a
result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting
or mandating activities subject to, federal or state securities laws or finding any violation with respect to such laws.   Item 3. Source and Amount of Funds or
Other Consideration.   In July 2014, prior
to the IPO, Hydra Sponsor acquired 2,220,000 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $19,304.35. Hydra Sponsor
subsequently transferred an aggregate of 601,000 shares to certain directors, affiliates of executive officers, and consultants
of the Issuer at cost, and forfeited an aggregate of 432,692 shares for no consideration. Hydra Sponsor obtained the funds to purchase
such shares through capital contributions from its members.   In October 2014, concurrent
with the closing of the IPO, Mr. Weil acquired 4,200,000 warrants to purchase 2,100,000 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of $2,100,000. Mr. Weil used his personal funds to purchase such warrants.   On December 23, 2016,
the Issuer consummated its initial business combination (the “Business Combination”) pursuant to which the Issuer acquired
all of the outstanding equity and shareholder loan notes of Inspired Gaming Group and its affiliates in accordance with a share
sale agreement (the “Sale Agreement”), dated as of July 13, 2016, by and among the Issuer and those persons identified
on Schedule 1 thereto, DMWSL 633 Limited, DMWSL 632 Limited and Gaming Acquisitions Limited.   On December 23, 2016,
Hydra Sponsor acquired 1,079,230 warrants to purchase 539,615 shares of Common Stock from the Issuer as repayment for $539,615.20
in loans payable from the Issuer upon the closing of the Business Combination.       On December 23, 2016,
(i) Hydra Sponsor transferred 710,000 shares and 910,000 warrants to certain institutional and accredited investors pursuant to
agreements under which such investors had agreed to purchase an aggregate of approximately 2,550,000 shares of the Common Stock
from public stockholders in advance of the stockholders’ meeting relating to the Business Combination; and (ii) MIHI LLC,
another initial sponsor of the IPO, transferred 3,500,000 warrants to purchase 1,750,000 shares of Common Stock to Hydra Sponsor
in connection with such agreements.   On January 3, 2017,
Mr. Weil was granted 940,583 restricted shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Inspired
Entertainment, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Incentive Plan”). The amount of such award was adjusted to
926,272 (a reduction of 14,311 shares) in May 2017 in order to administratively correct an
error in the calculation of the award.   Item 4. Purpose of Transaction.   The
acquisition of securities set forth in this Schedule 13D is for investment purposes and in connection with an award Mr. Weil received
upon assuming the position of Executive Chairman of the Issuer. Except in Mr. Weil’s capacity as the Executive Chairman
of the Issuer, no Reporting Person has any present plan or proposal which would relate to or result in any of the matters set forth
in subparagraphs (a) - (j) of Item 4 of Schedule 13D except as set forth herein. The Reporting Persons reserve the right to increase
or decrease their respective positions in the Issuer through, among other things, the purchase or sale of securities of the Issuer
on the open market or in private transactions or otherwise, including the exercise of warrants, on such terms and at such times
as the Reporting Persons may deem advisable. The Reporting Persons reserve the right to change their intention with respect to
any and all matters referred to in this Item 4.    Item 5. Interest in Securities of the
Issuer.   (a) The aggregate percentage
of shares of Common Stock reported owned by each person named herein is based upon 22,419,069 shares of Common Stock outstanding
as of May 5, 2017, as reported in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Issuer with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on May 8, 2017. The number of shares each of the Reporting Persons beneficially owns does not take into account shares of Common
Stock held by the other stockholders party to the Stockholders Agreement, pursuant to which such stockholders have agreed, in certain
circumstances, to vote for Hydra Sponsor’s designees to the board of directors of the Issuer as described in Item 6.   As of the filing date
of this Schedule 13D:   ·Hydra Sponsor directly beneficially owns:  o476,308 shares of Common Stock; and  o1,834,615 shares of Common Stock underlying 3,669,230 warrants; and  ·Mr. Weil directly beneficially owns:  o926,272 restricted shares of Common Stock; and  o2,100,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 4,200,000 warrants.  The warrants owned by
Hydra Sponsor and Mr. Weil are exercisable at a price of $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per
whole share).  By virtue of his relationship with Hydra Sponsor discussed in further detail in Item 2, Mr. Weil may be deemed
to beneficially own the securities of the Issuer directly owned by Hydra Sponsor.   As a result of the foregoing,
(i) Hydra Sponsor may be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate of 2,310,923 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 9.5% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock and (ii) Mr. Weil may be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate of 5,337,195 shares of
Common Stock, or approximately 20.3% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.       The filing of this Schedule
13D shall not be deemed an admission that the Reporting Persons are, for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), the beneficial owners of any securities of the Issuer he or it does not directly
own. Each of the Reporting Persons specifically disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities of the Issuer reported herein
that he or it does not directly own.   (b) Hydra Sponsor may
be deemed to share with Mr. Weil the power to vote and dispose of the shares of Common Stock directly beneficially owned by Hydra
Sponsor.   (c) Except as set
forth herein and elsewhere in this Schedule 13D, there have been no other transactions in the class of securities reported on that
were effected within the past sixty days.   (d) Not applicable.   (e) Not applicable.   Item
6. Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships With Respect to Securities of the Issuer.   Except as otherwise
set forth herein and elsewhere in this Schedule 13D, there are no contracts, arrangements, understandings or similar relationships
existing with respect to the securities of the Issuer between the Issuer and any of the Reporting Persons.   Registration
Rights Agreement   In
connection with the IPO, on October 24, 2014, the Issuer, Hydra Sponsor, Mr. Weil and certain other holders of the Issuer’s
securities entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) that provides
for certain demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights. A registration statement covering the securities subject
to the Registration Rights Agreement, among other securities, was filed by the Issuer on April 7, 2017 but has not been declared
effective. The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.   Warrant Purchase
Agreement   In
October 2014, Mr. Weil acquired from the Issuer an aggregate of 4,200,000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant pursuant to
a Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated October 24, 2014, by and among the Issuer, Mr. Weil, MIHI LLC and a former executive officer
of the Issuer. Hydra Sponsor subsequently acquired warrants originally issued under the agreement to MIHI LLC as discussed above.
The Issuer’s private placement warrants became exercisable 30 days after the closing of the Business Combination and have
an exercise price of $5.75 per half share ($11.50 per whole share). Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares
of Common Stock. The warrants will expire on December 23, 2021, the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination.
The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Warrant Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.2.   Letter Agreement   Hydra
Sponsor, Mr. Weil and certain other holders of the Issuer’s securities entered into a letter agreement, dated October 24,
2014 (the “Letter Agreement”), with the Issuer pursuant to which the holders agreed to, among other things, certain
transfer restrictions on the securities acquired in connection with the IPO. Under the Letter Agreement, the shares of Common Stock
are not transferable or salable until one year after the Business Combination or earlier if the last sale price of the Common Stock
equals or exceeds $12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
the Business Combination, or, if the Issuer completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property, the
date following the completion of such transaction. The transfer restrictions applicable under such agreement to the warrants expired
30 days after the Business Combination. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Letter Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3.       Stockholders
Agreement   At the closing of the
Business Combination, the Issuer, Hydra Sponsor, MIHI LLC and the Vendors as described in Schedule 4 to the Sale Agreement, including
Landgame S.A.R.L., entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the “Stockholders Agreement”), dated December 23, 2016, which
provides, among other things, for the composition of the Issuer’s board of directors following the Business Combination and
certain related matters. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, as supplemented, the board will initially consist of seven directors
as follows: the Issuer’s chief executive officer, three directors designated by Landgame S.A.R.L., one director designated
by Hydra Sponsor and two directors designated jointly by Hydra Sponsor and MIHI LLC. The director designation rights are based
on minimum ownership thresholds of the Issuer’s Common Stock which, in the case of Landgame S.A.R.L., requires ownership,
together with its affiliates, of a minimum of 30%, 15% or 5% of the Issuer’s outstanding Common Stock, respectively, in order
to designate three directors, two directors or one director, respectively, to the Issuer’s board of directors. Hydra Sponsor
will have no right to designate a director if its ownership level, together with its affiliates, falls below 5%; and Hydra Sponsor
jointly with MIHI LLC will have no right to designate any directors if, in the aggregate, they hold less than 5% of the outstanding
Common Stock. The Stockholders Agreement also provides that the parties will cause their shares to be voted for all director designees
and restricts the transfer of shares of Common Stock until 180 days after the Business Combination except
to a customary permitted transferee of such stockholder.   Grant Agreement   The restricted shares
of Common Stock issued to Mr. Weil were granted pursuant to a grant agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.5.
Mr. Weil currently has voting power over all such shares. Such shares vest in three equal installments, as follows:   ·Installment 1 — on the later of
(i) December 23, 2017 and (ii) the day following the first period of 30 consecutive trading days during which the average of the
closing prices for the Common Stock is $12.50 or higher;  ·Installment 2 — on the later of
(i) December 23, 2018 and (ii) the day following the first period of 30 consecutive trading days during which the average of the
closing prices for the Common Stock is $15.00 or higher; and  ·Installment 3 — on the later of
(i) December 23, 2019 and (ii) the day following the first period of 30 consecutive trading days during which the average of the
closing prices for the Common Stock is $17.50 or higher.  If
a specified price threshold has not been achieved prior to a scheduled vesting date, the portion of the award subject to that price
threshold will vest on the first date thereafter when that price threshold is achieved, provided that any unvested units shall
expire on December 23, 2021 if a specified price threshold has not been reached by such date.   Item 7. Material to be Filed as Exhibits.   99.1Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 24, 2014, between the Issuer and certain security
holders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Issuer, filed with the SEC on
October 29, 2014).  99.2Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated October 24, 2014, among the Issuer, MIHI LLC, A. Lorne Weil and
Martin E. Schloss (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Issuer, filed with
the SEC on October 29, 2014).  99.3Letter Agreement, dated October 24, 2014, by and among the Company and certain security holders,
officers and directors of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the
Issuer, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2014).      99.4Stockholders Agreement, dated December 23, 2016, by and among the Issuer, Hydra Sponsor, MIHI LLC
and the Vendors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Issuer, filed with the
SEC on December 30, 2016).  99.5Forms of Grant Agreements under the Inspired Entertainment, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan
and the Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Second Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K of the Issuer, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016).  99.6Joint Filing Agreement by and between Hydra Sponsor and A. Lorne Weil, dated June 9, 2017.      SIGNATURES   After reasonable inquiry and to the best
of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.   DATE:   June 9, 2017      HYDRA INDUSTRIES SPONSOR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company     By: /s/ A. Lorne Weil  Name: A. Lorne Weil  Title: Managing Member       /s/ A. Lorne Weil  A. Lorne Weil  Attention:  Intentional misstatements
or omissions of fact constitute Federal criminal violations (See 18 U.S.C. 1001)                 Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds     Hot Topics     Apple (AAPL) Latest Stock News - Company Profile   Warren Buffett News & Analysis - Portfolio & Stock Picks   Biggest Insider Purchases & Sales News & Analysis - Data Screener   Google (GOOG) Latest Stock News - Company Profile   Microsoft (MSFT) Latest Stock News - Company Profile             Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             



HYDRA INDUSTRIES SPONSOR LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      HYDRA INDUSTRIES SPONSOR LLC
                    

•   NEW YORK CITY, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Hydra Industries Sponsor is based out of New York City.    WhaleWisdom has at least 2 13D/G filings in our database for Hydra Industries Sponsor.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from HYDRA INDUSTRIES SPONSOR LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




hydra industries sponsor llc


250 WEST 57TH STREET, SUITE #2223

NEW YORK CITY
NY
                                                        
                                                    10107


              Business Phone:
              (646) 565-3861







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13D filed on 06/09/2017
4 filed on 12/28/2016
SC 13G filed on 02/13/2015
4 filed on 12/10/2014
3 filed on 10/24/2014











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Inspired Entertainment, Inc.  (INSE)


      FINANCE
    

      5,337,195
    

      52,037,651.25
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-12-23
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























hydra industries sponsor llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC operates as an investment management firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

3 Columbus Circle 15Th Floor
New York, NY 10019
United States


Phone:
1-347-853-2935


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/29/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





MSFG
Log in for Events


VCYT


BOOT


TBBK


LOGM








JACK
Log in for Events


REV


GIFI


RDWR


IMPV




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 12:52 AM ET 07/29/2017







Earnings (0)
Dividends (0)
Splits (12)


Upgrades (167)
Downgrades (168)
Economic (3)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 

















































Stockholders Agreement - Shareholder Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Shareholder Agreement     > STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Stockholders Agreement
Shareholder Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Shareholder Agreement involves INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT, INC. | ARES CAPITAL EUROPE LIMITED | Gaming Acquisitions Limited | HARWOOD CAPITAL NOMINEES LIMITED | Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp | Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC | Inspired Entertainment, Inc | MIHI LLC | Vendors, DMWSL 633 Limited. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 12/30/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









.
Exhibit 10.2
 
EXECUTION VERSION
 

STOCKHOLDERS
AGREEMENT

 

THIS STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT (this
“ Agreement ”) is entered into as of the 23rd
day of December, 2016, by and among Inspired Entertainment, Inc.
(formerly known as Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware
corporation (the “ Company ”), Hydra Industries
Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “
Hydra Sponsor ”), MIHI LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“ MIHI ”), and the
undersigned parties listed as Vendors on the signature pages hereto
(the “ Vendor Stockholders ,” and collectively
with the Hydra Sponsor and Macquarie the “
Stockholders ” and each a “ Stockholder
”).

 

WHEREAS, the Stockholders and the
Company desire to enter into this Agreement to provide the
Stockholders with certain rights relating to shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“ Common Stock
”), of the Company, including shares of Common Stock issued
(a) to Landgame S.à.r.l., a Luxembourg limited company
(“ Vitruvian ”), and other Vendors pursuant to
that certain Share Sale Agreement (the “ Share Sale
Agreement ”), dated July 13, 2016, by and among the
Company, the Vendors, DMWSL 633 Limited, and Gaming Acquisitions
Limited, providing for the purchase by the Company from the Vendors
of the Sale Shares and Shareholder Loan Notes as defined therein
(the “ Inspired Transaction ”), upon the
consummation of the Inspired Transaction (the “ Effective
Date ”), and (b) to Macquarie pursuant to that certain
Contingent Forward Purchase Contract (the “ Macquarie
Purchase Agreement ”), dated October 24, 2014, by and
between the Company and Macquarie;

 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

 

ARTICLE
I. 
DEFINITIONS

 

1.1           
Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms
have the following meanings:

 

“ Affiliate ” of
any Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or
is under common Control with such first Person; provided ,
however , that with respect to Vitruvian, Affiliates shall
not include any portfolio companies of Vitruvian or any of its
affiliated funds.

 

“ Agreement ”
means this Stockholders Agreement, as it may be amended, modified,
supplemented and/or restated from time to time in accordance
herewith.

 

“ Business Day ”
means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which
banks in New York are authorized or obligated by law to
close.

 

“ Cause ” shall
exist with respect to any Director if (i) the Director is indicted
for or convicted of a felony in any jurisdiction or (ii) the
receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
gaming-related or similar license or approval (or the renewal
thereof) or the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to conduct business in a particular jurisdiction in compliance with
applicable gaming-related or other laws is jeopardized or called
into question based on the written concerns of any applicable
governmental or regulatory authority with respect to such
Director.

 

 



 

 

“ Control ”
means, with respect to a Person, the power, directly or indirectly,
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of
such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or otherwise (and the
terms “ Controlling ” and “
Controlled ” have meanings correlative to the
foregoing).

 

“ Founder Registration
Rights Agreement ” means that certain Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2014, by and among the Company
and the Holders party thereto.

 

“ Hydra Sponsor Group
” means, collectively, the Hydra Sponsor and any of its
Affiliates.

 

“ Independence
Qualification ” means an individual is
“independent” as defined in the listing standards of
the Nasdaq Capital Market (or other United States national
securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed, if any)
and applicable law.

 

“ MIHI Group ”
means, collectively, MIHI and any of its Affiliates.

 

“ Permitted Transferee
” means, with respect to any Person that is not a natural
person, (i) any Affiliate of such Person or funds (or similar
vehicles) managed by such Person’s Affiliates, or existing or
future co-investors in such funds (“ Affiliated
Entities ”), or (ii) any managing director, principal,
member, shareholder, limited or general partner or retired partner
of such Person or its Affiliated Entities, the estates and
immediate families of any such persons and of their spouses, and
any trusts for the benefit of any of the foregoing persons, and
with respect to any natural person, the estate and immediate family
of such person and of such person’s spouse, and any trusts
for the benefit of any of the foregoing persons.

 

“ Person ” means
an individual or a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, trust, estate, unincorporated organization, association or
other entity.

 

“ Registration Rights
Agreements ” means, collectively, the Founder
Registration Rights Agreement and the Vendor Registration Rights
Agreement.

 

“ Shares ” means
shares of Common Stock, and any reference to “all
Shares” shall mean the aggregate number of Shares then issued
and outstanding.

 

“ Stockholder Designees
” means the Hydra Sponsor Designee, the MIHI/HS Designees and
the Vitruvian Designees, and, with respect to any Stockholder, the
particular Director or Directors designated by such
Stockholder.

 

“ Subsidiary ”
means, with respect to any Person (the “parent”) at any
date, any other Person of which the parent, directly or indirectly,
owns Equity Interests that (i) represent more than 50% of the total
number of outstanding common or other residual Equity Interests
(however denominated) of such Person, (ii) represent more than 50%
of the total voting power of all outstanding Equity Interests of
such Person which are entitled to vote in the election of
directors, managers or other Persons performing similar functions
for and on behalf of such Person, (iii) are entitled to more than
50% of the dividends paid and other distributions made by such
Person prior to liquidation or (iv) are entitled to more than 50%
of the assets of such Person or proceeds from the sale thereof upon
liquidation.

 

 2



 

 

“ Transaction
Agreements ” means, collectively, this Agreement, the
Share Sale Agreement, the other Transaction Documents (as defined
in the Share Sale Agreement), the Registration Rights Agreements,
and the Macquarie Purchase Agreement, in each case, as amended,
modified or supplemented pursuant to their terms.

 

“ Transfer ”
means any direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, exchange,
gift, pledge, grant of a security interest, conveyance or other
disposition, whether voluntary, by operation of law or otherwise,
including in connection with any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
proceeding, judicial order, legal process, execution or attachment
or involuntary event, and “ Transfer ,” used as
a verb, has a corresponding meaning. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any Transfer of
Equity Interests of a Person, all or substantially of the assets of
which are Common Stock, will be deemed a Transfer of Common Stock
for purposes of this Agreement.

 

“ Vendor Registration
Rights Agreement ” means that certain Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company
and the Vendors party thereto.

 

“ Vitruvian Group
” means, collectively, Vitruvian and any of its
Affiliates.
 
The following terms shall have the meanings set
forth in the Sections set forth below:
 




“
Board ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a) .




“
Bylaws ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(d) .  




“
Certificate of Incorporation ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.8 .  




“
Chief Executive Officer Designee ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(b)(ii) .  




“
Common Stock ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.




“
Company Opportunity ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.4 .  




“
Company ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.




“
Director ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(b) .  




“
Effective Date ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.




“ Fund
Indemnitors ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.11(b) .




“
Governance Committee ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(d) .  




“
Inspired Transaction ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.




“
Hydra Sponsor ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.




“
Hydra Sponsor Designee ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(b)(iii) .




 

 3



 

 




“
Indemnified Liabilities ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.11(a) .




“
Indemnified Parties ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.11(a) .




“
Macquarie Purchase Agreement ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.




“
MIHI ”


has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.




“
MIHI/HS Designees ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(b)(iii) .




“
Observer ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(g) .  




“
Other Business ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.4 .  




“
Proceeding ”


has the meaning set forth in Section
5.11(a) .




“
Resigning Directors ”


has the meaning set forth in Section
2.1(a) .  




“
Share Sale Agreement ”


has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.




“
Specified Directors ”


has the meaning set forth in Section
5.11(b) .




“
Stockholder ”


has the meaning set forth in the
Preamble.




“
Vendor Stockholders ”


has the meaning set forth in the
Preamble.




“
Vitruvian ”


has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.




“
Vitruvian Designees ”


has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(b)(i) .





 

1.2           
Construction

 

Whenever the context requires,
(a) the gender of all words used in this Agreement includes
the masculine, feminine, and neuter, (b) words using the
singular or plural number also include the plural or singular
number, respectively, and (c) the terms “hereof,”
“herein,” “hereby” and derivative or
similar words refer to this Agreement. All references to Articles
and Sections refer to articles and sections of this Agreement, and
all references to Exhibits are to exhibits attached hereto, each of
which is incorporated herein for all purposes. The use herein of
the words “include” or “including,” shall
mean “including without limitation” (whether or not
non-limiting language (such as “without limitation” or
“but not limited to” or words of similar import) is
used with reference thereto). The term “or” is not
exclusive. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been
negotiated by such parties with the benefit of counsel and,
accordingly, any principle of law that provides that any ambiguity
in a contract or agreement shall be construed against the party
that drafted such contract or agreement shall be disregarded and is
expressly waived by all of the parties hereto. References to
agreements and other documents shall be deemed to include all
subsequent amendments and other modifications thereto. References
to statutes shall include all regulations promulgated thereunder
and references to statutes or regulations shall be construed as
including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating,
amending or replacing the statute or regulation. The words
“employee” and “employment” are sometimes
used herein to describe the relationship between a Director who is
providing service to the Company and its Subsidiaries and who is
receiving a salary and other benefits in exchange for such service,
even though such Director may not be deemed an employee for tax
purposes. Unless the context indicates otherwise, when this
Agreement refers to “employee” or
“employment”, such reference means the service
relationship described in the immediately preceding sentence, and
when this Agreement refers to the termination of employment, such
reference means the end of such service relationship.

 

 4



 

 

ARTICLE
II. 
GOVERNANCE MATTERS

 

2.1           
Board Composition

 

(a)          
Resignations
. Concurrently with the consummation
of the Inspired Transaction, each member of the Board of Directors
of the Company (the “ Board ”) who is not
identified in Section 2.1(c) below (the “ Resigning
Directors ”) shall resign from the Board, effective
immediately, and immediately upon such resignations, the Board
shall fill the resulting vacancies so that the Board will consist
of only the individuals identified in Section 2.1(c) below
until such individual’s earlier resignation, death or
removal.

 

(b)          
Generally . Following consummation of the Inspired
Transaction, the Board shall initially be comprised of seven (7)
directors (each a “ Director ” and collectively
the “ Directors ”) designated by the
Stockholders as follows:

 

(i)          
Three (3) Directors designated by Vitruvian (on behalf of
the Vitruvian Group) (the “ Vitruvian Designees
”); provided , that (A) the number of Vitruvian
Designees to be designated by Vitruvian shall be reduced to two (2)
Directors at such time as the Vitruvian Group holds less than
thirty percent (30%) but at least fifteen percent (15%) or more of
all Shares, (B) the number of Vitruvian Designees to be designated
by Vitruvian shall be reduced to one (1) Director at such time as
the Vitruvian Group holds less than fifteen percent (15%) but at
least five percent (5%) or more of all Shares, and (C) Vitruvian
shall have no right to designate any Director pursuant to this
Section 2.1(b)(i) at such time as the Vitruvian Group in the
aggregate holds less than five percent (5%) of all Shares. At least
two out of three Vitruvian Designees, or one out of two Vitruvian
Designees, must satisfy the Independence Qualification; for the
avoidance of doubt, if the Vitruvian Group is only entitled to one
Vitruvian Designee, such Vitruvian Designee shall not be required
to satisfy the Independence Qualification.

 

(ii)         One
(1) Director who shall be the then-current Chief Executive Officer
of the Company (the “ Chief Executive Officer Designee
”) for so long as such person is the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company.

 

(iii)        One
(1) Director designated by the Hydra Sponsor (on behalf of the
Hydra Sponsor Group) (the “ Hydra Sponsor Designee
”); provided , that the Hydra Sponsor shall have no
right to designate any Director pursuant to this Section
2.1(b)(iii) at such time as the Hydra Sponsor Group in the
aggregate holds less than five percent (5%) of all
Shares.

 

 5



 

 

(iv)        The
remaining two (2) Directors designated jointly by MIHI and the
Hydra Sponsor (the “ MIHI/HS Designees ”);
provided , that MIHI and the Hydra Sponsor shall have no
right to designate the MIHI/HS Designees pursuant to this
Section 2.1(b)(iv) at such time as MIHI and the Hydra
Sponsor in the aggregate hold less than five percent (5%) of all
Shares. MIHI/HS Designees must satisfy the Independence
Qualification to the extent necessary to ensure that (provided that
Vitruvian Designees satisfy the Independence Qualification to the
extent required by Section 2.1(b)(i)) a majority of all
Directors satisfy the Independence Qualification.

 

In the event of any increase in the
size of the Board, vacancies so created shall be filled in
proportion to the designation rights set forth above (with any
number of directors ending in a fraction of one-half (1/2) or
greater being rounded up to the next whole number of
directors).

 

(c)          
Initial Directors
. The initial Vitruvian Designees
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.1(b)(i) shall be
Nicholas Hagen, Philip Russmeyer and John Vandemore. The initial
Chief Executive Officer Designee shall be Luke Alvarez. The initial
Hydra Sponsor Designee pursuant to the provisions of Section
2.1(b)(iii) shall be A. Lorne Weil. The initial MIHI/HS
Designees pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.1(b)(iv)
shall be Ira Raphaelson and Roger Withers.

 

(d)          
Requirements
. The Company shall, at any annual
or special meeting of stockholders of the Company at which
Directors are to be elected, subject to the fulfillment of the
requirements set forth in this Section 2.1(d) , nominate the
Stockholder Designees for election to the Board and use all
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Stockholder Designees
to be elected as Directors of the Board. Any Stockholder Designee
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Board’s Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee (the “ Governance
Committee ”). The Company shall require that all
Directors comply in all respects with applicable law (including
with respect to confidentiality) and the Company’s corporate
governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics and
confidentiality and trading policies and guidelines as in effect
from time to time. Each Stockholder shall notify the Company of any
proposed Stockholder Designee in writing no later than the latest
date on which stockholders of the Company may make nominations to
the Board in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company (the “
Bylaws ”), together with all information concerning
such nominee required to be delivered to the Company by the Bylaws
and such other information reasonably requested by the Company;
provided that in each such case, all such information is
generally required to be delivered to the Company by the other
outside Directors of the Company.

 

 6



 

 

(e)          
Removal; Vacancies
. No Director may be removed from
the Board (for any reason) except at the written direction of the
Stockholder or Stockholders entitled to designate such Director,
which Stockholder will thereupon be entitled to designate an
alternative Director to fill the vacancy; provided ,
however , that at least 50% of the Directors (excluding the
Director subject to potential removal) may (i) remove a Director
for Cause and (ii) remove the Chief Executive Officer Designee at
any time when such Person is no longer serving as the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and elect the then-current Chief
Executive Officer of the Company as the new Chief Executive Officer
Designee. A Director may resign at any time, such resignation to be
made in writing and to take effect immediately or on such later
date as may be specified therein. In the event of any vacancy in
the Board, whether created by the removal, resignation, death,
disability or retirement of a Director or otherwise, the Board
shall promptly elect to the Board a replacement Director designated
by the Stockholder or Stockholders entitled to designate such
Director in accordance with Section 2.1(b) , subject to the
fulfillment of the requirements set forth in Section 2.1(d)
. If the number of Directors that a Stockholder has the right to
designate to the Board is decreased pursuant to Section
2.1(b) , then such Stockholder shall designate one of more of
such Stockholder’s Designees to resign, or be removed, from
the Board.

 

(f)          
Committee Membership
. Subject to applicable law and the
listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or other United
States national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is
listed, if any) and applicable law, the Company will offer the
Stockholder Designees an opportunity to sit on each regular
committee of the Board in relative proportion to the number of
Stockholder Designees on the Board. If a Stockholder Designee fails
to satisfy the applicable qualifications under law or stock
exchange listing standard to sit on any committee of the Board,
then the Board shall offer such Stockholder Designee the
opportunity to attend (but not vote) at the meetings of such
committee as an observer.

 

(g)          
Observer Rights
. MIHI, for so long as it holds at
least five percent (5%) of all Shares, shall be entitled to
designate one (1) person (the “ Observer ”) to
attend, as a non-voting observer, all meetings (including
telephonic meetings) of the Board and any committees thereof;
provided, that, if MIHI ceases to hold at least five percent (5%)
of all Shares, MIHI shall no longer have the right to designate an
Observer. The Observer shall be obligated to comply with any
confidentiality provisions generally applicable to Directors from
time to time. The Company shall give the Observer notice of such
meetings, by telecopy or by such other means as such notices are
delivered to Directors, not later than the same time notice is
provided or delivered to the Directors; provided , that a
majority of the Board (or a majority of any committee thereof) may
exclude the Observer from any meetin


 








 














Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg






































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:00 AM ET

Company Overview of Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



BOARD MEMBERS AFFILIATED WITH A. Lorne Weil *A. Lorne Weil     Return to Southern Cross GroupExecutive Chairman of the Board8888AgeTotal Annual Compensation69--&nbsp Roger Dean WithersInspired Entertainment, Inc.Board AffiliationsInspired Entertainment, Inc.Inspired Gaming Group LimitedLuke Lyon AlvarezInspired Entertainment, Inc.Board AffiliationsInspired Entertainment, Inc. John M. VandemoreMattel, Inc.Board AffiliationsInspired Entertainment, Inc.Ira H. RaphaelsonInspired Entertainment, Inc.Board AffiliationsInspired Entertainment, Inc. Marcus Alexander HoyeInspired Entertainment, Inc.Board AffiliationsInspired Entertainment, Inc.Nicholas  Roger John HagenLondon House Exchange LimitedBoard AffiliationsInspired Entertainment, Inc. Omar Ziad Jaafar Al AskariUnited Technical Services CompanyBoard AffiliationsFruit of the Loom LimitedJohn B. HollandFruit of the Loom LimitedBoard AffiliationsFruit of the Loom Limited Mark T. GalloglyCenterbridge Partners, L.P.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolHenry A. JohnsonFruit of the Loom LimitedBoard AffiliationsFruit of the Loom Limited Philip H. GeierThe Geier Group LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolPaul J. FerriMatrix PartnersBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Joseph M. TucciGTY Technology Holdings Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolArthur J. SambergTri Alpha Energy, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Robert Laurence FriedmanBungalow Media + Entertainment, LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolBenjamin M. RosenCalifornia Institute of TechnologyBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Anne M. BusquetAMB Advisors LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolDavid E. SimonSimon Property Group, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Paul M. MontroneNew England Helicopter Council, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolRonald O. PerelmanMacAndrews & Forbes Group Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Bernard W. GrayGray Ventures Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolSidney   TaurelPearson plcBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Arnold L. ChavkinPine Brook Road Partners, LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolJames W. Keyes7-Eleven Sales CorporationBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Leon G. CoopermanOmega Advisors, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolLew   FrankfortFlywheel Sports, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Willard J. OverlockBecton, Dickinson and CompanyBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolEhud   HouminerDreyfus Variable Investment Fund - International Value PortfolioBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Wolfgang   BernhardMitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus CorporationBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolNorman   EigLazard Global Mid Cap Fund Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Lawrence   FlinnThe Hotchkiss SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolRochelle B. LazarusRRE Ventures LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School James P. GormanMorgan StanleyBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolFrank R. LautenbergColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School R. Bradford EvansMorgan StanleyBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolLouis Moore BaconMoore Capital Management, LPBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Yuzaburo   MogiKikkoman CorporationBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolSallie L. KrawcheckEllevate Financial, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Eugene M. LangThe New SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolGiuseppe   CiardiPark Place CapitalBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Alexander   RiesenkampffColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolPhilippe   JabreJabre Capital Partners S.A.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Lorenzo D. WeismanColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolMichael A. GouldUrban Edge PropertiesBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Linda Ho McAfeeColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolMassimo   TosatoSchroder Investment Management LimitedBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Arthur Vy TyMetropolitan Bank & Trust CompanyBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolNobuo   TateisiColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Patrick   CombesCompagnie Financière Tradition SABoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolWai Chee   ChengWing Tai Properties LimitedBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Ann F. KaplanCircle Financial Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolNand Lal KhemkaIndag Rubber LimitedBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Max C. ChapmanSterling Financial Group of Companies, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolWashington Z. SyCipAsian Terminals, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School William Alexander von MuefflingCantillon Capital Management LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolNancy   McKinstryWolters Kluwer N.V.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Ching Woo   KwongColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolAndrew Francis BarthThe Bond Fund of AmericaBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Norberto   MoritaSouthern Cross GroupBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolDong   Bin ShinLOTTE KoreaBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Diana L. TaylorWolfensohn Fund Management, L.P.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolDaniel Welch StantonSamson Capital Advisors LLCBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Adam   ReinmannWendelBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolJean-Luc   BiamontiSociété Anonyme des Bains de Mer et du Cercle des Étrangers à MonacoBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Xavier Robert RoletLondon Stock Exchange Group plcBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolDavid G. GreenspanSlate Path Capital LPBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Cesar   AliertaColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolHarrison T. LeFrakLeFrak Organization Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Ernest M. HigaHiga Industries Co. Ltd.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolDaniele D. BodiniAmerican Continental Properties, Inc.Board AffiliationsColumbia Business School Bill   LambertColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolMing  Chu HsuColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School S. Steven   PanColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolNicholas   OppenheimColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School Cia Buckley MarakovitsDune Real Estate Partners LPBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business SchoolSue   ToigoColumbia Business SchoolBoard AffiliationsColumbia Business School David Champion MaceAmerican Leisure Group, Ltd.Board AffiliationsInspired Gaming Group LimitedIan   RileyVitruvian Partners LLPBoard AffiliationsInspired Gaming Group Limited Daniel Braun SilversInspired Entertainment, Inc.Board AffiliationsReunion Hospitality Trust, Inc.Philip-Moritz   RussmeyerVitruvian Partners LLPBoard AffiliationsInspired Gaming Group Limited E. Jonathan FalikReunion Hospitality Trust, Inc.Board AffiliationsReunion Hospitality Trust, Inc.Kenneth   SheaCVR Refining, LPBoard AffiliationsReunion Hospitality Trust, Inc. Julio  A. Torres GarcíaAndina Acquisition Corp. IIBoard AffiliationsTecnoglass Inc.Martha L. ByorumStephens Cori Capital AdvisorsBoard AffiliationsTecnoglass Inc. Christian T. DaesTecnoglass Inc.Board AffiliationsTecnoglass Inc.José Manuel DaesTecnoglass Inc.Board AffiliationsTecnoglass Inc. Juan Carlos VilariñoTecnoglass Inc.Board AffiliationsTecnoglass Inc.Samuel R. AzoutTecnoglass Inc.Board AffiliationsTecnoglass Inc.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.













 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



MOST CONNECTED PEOPLE TO A. Lorne Weil NameRelationshipsRochelle B. Lazarus 505 RelationshipsPhilip H. Geier 459 RelationshipsRonald O. Perelman 384 RelationshipsWashington Z. SyCip 319 RelationshipsDiana L. Taylor 281 Relationships










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































	
		
		
		Form  SC 13D     Inspired Entertainment,                Filed by: Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC
	
	









		Research: Stocks: News Story
	












Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >


				
					
					
						News & Events
					
				
				 >
			












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 




















Print Format


Change Text Size:


Default text sizeA


Larger text sizeA


Largest text sizeA









Form  SC 13D     Inspired Entertainment,                Filed by: Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC
BY 10K Wizard— 5:15 PM ET 06/09/2017


http://archive.fast-edgar.com/20170609/AKKZW22CJ222E2Z5222P22ZHOUKUZ222ZD92

Filed on: June 9, 2017





More INSE News



Inspired Entertainment Announces Virtual Sports Deal With Finnish Lottery And Sports Betting Provider, Veikkaus

						PR Newswire -
						




10:00 AM ET 05/18/2017


					



Amaya Appoints Robin Chhabra as Chief Corporate Development Officer

						PR Newswire -
						




9:20 AM ET 05/11/2017


					



Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results

						PR Newswire -
						




7:30 AM ET 05/08/2017


					













 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 
















































	
		
		
		INSE Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:INSE

INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT INC

11.05 -0.45 (-3.91 %)as of 4:00:00pm ET 07/28/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Added To The Russell® 2000, Russell® 3000, And  Russell Microcap® Indexes
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    5:30 PM ET 06/26/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, June 26, 2017 Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE) announced today that it has been added to the list of public companies that comprise the Russell 2000® Index, the Russell 3000® Index, and the Russell Microcap® Index. "We are delighted to be included in this year's Russell 2000, 3000, and Microcap Indexes," said Lorne Weil, Executive Chairman.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Presents at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference
                                                


                                                    GlobeNewswire – 
                                                    7:30 AM ET 06/15/2017
                                                


Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE), is presenting to investors at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference today, June 15. We are pleased to have the opportunity to introduce the compelling Inspired story to the investor community. Lorne Weil, Executive Chairman, added, We are confident that when investors become familiar with our technology and products, they will share our optimism for our future growth.

















                                                    Inspired Wins EGR Virtual Sports Supplier Of The Year Award; Announces Multiple New Contracts And Deployments
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    12:00 PM ET 06/12/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, June 12, 2017  Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE) today announced that it has won the coveted EGR Virtual Sports Supplier of the Year Award for the second year running, as well as other key virtuals contracts and deployments.  .  . "It has been a hugely successful few months for Inspired's Virtual Sports business," said Steve Rogers, CCO Digital Games, Inspired.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment Announces Virtual Sports Deal With Finnish Lottery And Sports Betting Provider, Veikkaus
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    10:00 AM ET 05/18/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 18, 2017  Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE) today announces that it has been selected as Virtual Sports supplier to Finnish national betting agency, Veikkaus. Owned by the Finnish government, Veikkaus is the Finnish National Betting Agency and has an exclusive legal betting license on lotteries and sports betting in Finland.

















                                                    Amaya Appoints Robin Chhabra as Chief Corporate Development Officer
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:20 AM ET 05/11/2017
                                                


MONTREAL, May 11, 2017  Amaya Inc. (AYA) today announced the appointment of Robin Chhabra to the newly created position of Chief Corporate Development Officer of Amaya (AYA). "Robin Chhabra's deep industry experience and vast professional network will help us pursue our ongoing strategic priorities, as well as drive growth through potential strategic and other opportunities," said Mr. Ashkenazi.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    7:30 AM ET 05/08/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 8, 2017  Inspired Entertainment (INSE), Inc. today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. As previously announced, management will host a conference call at 10:30 a.m. ET / 3:30 p.m. GMT, to discuss the second quarter results and general business trends; access details are provided below.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results To Be Released On May 8, 2017 At 7:30 Am ET; Conference Call To Follow
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    5:30 PM ET 05/03/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 3, 2017  Inspired Entertainment (INSE), Inc. today announced that it will report financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 on Monday, May 8, 2017, prior to the open of market trading. Conference Call  The dial-in number is 1-877-870-4263 for participants in the United States and 1-412-317-0790 for participants outside the United States.












Page: 


Page 1





Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
7


INSE to announce Q3 earnings Unspecified (Unconfirmed)









Past Events (last 90 days)




Jul
14


Shareholders Meeting






Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.

















	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/29/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





MSFG
Log in for Events


VCYT


BOOT


TBBK


LOGM








JACK
Log in for Events


REV


GIFI


RDWR


IMPV




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 12:57 AM ET 07/29/2017







Earnings (0)
Dividends (0)
Splits (12)


Upgrades (167)
Downgrades (168)
Economic (3)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 





















































	
		
		
		INSE Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:INSE

INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT INC

11.05 -0.45 (-3.91 %)as of 4:00:00pm ET 07/28/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Added To The Russell® 2000, Russell® 3000, And  Russell Microcap® Indexes
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    5:30 PM ET 06/26/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, June 26, 2017 Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE) announced today that it has been added to the list of public companies that comprise the Russell 2000® Index, the Russell 3000® Index, and the Russell Microcap® Index. "We are delighted to be included in this year's Russell 2000, 3000, and Microcap Indexes," said Lorne Weil, Executive Chairman.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Presents at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference
                                                


                                                    GlobeNewswire – 
                                                    7:30 AM ET 06/15/2017
                                                


Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE), is presenting to investors at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference today, June 15. We are pleased to have the opportunity to introduce the compelling Inspired story to the investor community. Lorne Weil, Executive Chairman, added, We are confident that when investors become familiar with our technology and products, they will share our optimism for our future growth.

















                                                    Inspired Wins EGR Virtual Sports Supplier Of The Year Award; Announces Multiple New Contracts And Deployments
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    12:00 PM ET 06/12/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, June 12, 2017  Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE) today announced that it has won the coveted EGR Virtual Sports Supplier of the Year Award for the second year running, as well as other key virtuals contracts and deployments.  .  . "It has been a hugely successful few months for Inspired's Virtual Sports business," said Steve Rogers, CCO Digital Games, Inspired.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment Announces Virtual Sports Deal With Finnish Lottery And Sports Betting Provider, Veikkaus
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    10:00 AM ET 05/18/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 18, 2017  Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (INSE) today announces that it has been selected as Virtual Sports supplier to Finnish national betting agency, Veikkaus. Owned by the Finnish government, Veikkaus is the Finnish National Betting Agency and has an exclusive legal betting license on lotteries and sports betting in Finland.

















                                                    Amaya Appoints Robin Chhabra as Chief Corporate Development Officer
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:20 AM ET 05/11/2017
                                                


MONTREAL, May 11, 2017  Amaya Inc. (AYA) today announced the appointment of Robin Chhabra to the newly created position of Chief Corporate Development Officer of Amaya (AYA). "Robin Chhabra's deep industry experience and vast professional network will help us pursue our ongoing strategic priorities, as well as drive growth through potential strategic and other opportunities," said Mr. Ashkenazi.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    7:30 AM ET 05/08/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 8, 2017  Inspired Entertainment (INSE), Inc. today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. As previously announced, management will host a conference call at 10:30 a.m. ET / 3:30 p.m. GMT, to discuss the second quarter results and general business trends; access details are provided below.

















                                                    Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results To Be Released On May 8, 2017 At 7:30 Am ET; Conference Call To Follow
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    5:30 PM ET 05/03/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, May 3, 2017  Inspired Entertainment (INSE), Inc. today announced that it will report financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 on Monday, May 8, 2017, prior to the open of market trading. Conference Call  The dial-in number is 1-877-870-4263 for participants in the United States and 1-412-317-0790 for participants outside the United States.












Page: 


Page 1





Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
7


INSE to announce Q3 earnings Unspecified (Unconfirmed)









Past Events (last 90 days)




Jul
14


Shareholders Meeting






Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.
















	
		
		
		Form  SC 13D     Inspired Entertainment,                Filed by: Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC
	
	









		Research: Stocks: News Story
	












Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >


				
					
					
						News & Events
					
				
				 >
			












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 




















Print Format


Change Text Size:


Default text sizeA


Larger text sizeA


Largest text sizeA









Form  SC 13D     Inspired Entertainment,                Filed by: Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC
BY 10K Wizard— 5:15 PM ET 06/09/2017


http://archive.fast-edgar.com/20170609/AKKZW22CJ222E2Z5222P22ZHOUKUZ222ZD92

Filed on: June 9, 2017





More INSE News



Inspired Entertainment Announces Virtual Sports Deal With Finnish Lottery And Sports Betting Provider, Veikkaus

						PR Newswire -
						




10:00 AM ET 05/18/2017


					



Amaya Appoints Robin Chhabra as Chief Corporate Development Officer

						PR Newswire -
						




9:20 AM ET 05/11/2017


					



Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results

						PR Newswire -
						




7:30 AM ET 05/08/2017


					













 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 












































Shareholder Agreement, Shareholder Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 147)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Shareholder Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Shareholder Agreements 





	These Shareholder Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC., AND THE STOCKHOLDERS (AS DEFINED HEREIN) DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 9, 2015Parties: AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. | AFFINION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENTParties: PROPETRO HOLDING CORP. | PROPETRO HOLDING CORP 
								Law Firm: Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
3) LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION 2017 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENTParties: LIFEVANTAGE CORP | LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/27/2017

4) RULES OF THE ASTRAZENECA GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN Adopted by the remuneration committee of the board of directors on 1 March 2010 Amended on 24 October 2011 by the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors Amended on 3 February 2014 by the Remuneration Committee of the Board of DirectorsParties: ASTRAZENECA PLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017

5) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (Time Based Award) GrantedParties: EXA CORP | Exa Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017

6) LTI Restricted Stock Award Agreement for ________________ ("Participant") March 15, 2017Parties: GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC. | GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/16/2017

7) STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENTParties: PRESIDIO, INC. | AP VIII Aegis Holdings, LP | PRESIDIO, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITYHOLDERS AGREEMENTParties: PRESIDIO, INC. | Aegis Holdings, Inc | Presidio, Inc 
								Law Firm: Wachtell Lipton
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) Samsung Electronics Completes Acquisition of HARMANParties: HARMAN INTERNATIONAL INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ | Harman International Industries, Incorporated | Samsung Electronics Co, Ltd 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

10) STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS AGREEMENTParties: ECO-STIM ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. | BIENVILLE ARGENTINA OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND, LP | ECO-STIM ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC | FT SOF HOLDINGS VII LLC | FT SOF VII HOLDINGS, LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Stroock Stroock
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
11) STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENTParties: LADDER CAPITAL CORP | Joshua N Korff, PC | RREF II Ladder LLC 
								Law Firm: Sullivan Cromwell;Kirkland Ellis
								Document Date: 3/3/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENTParties: CJ ENERGY SERVICES, INC. | CJ Energy Services, Inc | C/O Solus Alternative Asset Management | SOLA LTD | Ultra Master Ltd 
								Law Firm: Davis Polk;Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 3/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT ISSUANCE AGREEMENTParties: ITERIS, INC. | INTERIS, INC | ITERIS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) SECOND AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTParties: NACCO INDUSTRIES INC | Depository, NACCO Industries, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/1/2017

15) RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENTParties: 3D SYSTEMS CORP | 333 Three D Systems | 3D SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
16) RETENTION BONUS POOL RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE BOSTON PRIVATE FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC. 2010 INDUCEMENT STOCK PLANParties: BOSTON PRIVATE FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC | Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc | NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
17) Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit AgreementParties: UNIVAR INC. | Univar Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
18) LITHIA MOTORS, INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTParties: LITHIA MOTORS INC | LITHIA MOTORS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Oregon
19) LONG TERM INCENTIVE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION INCENTIVE COMPENSATION AND STOCK PLAN [Director Version 2008 Plan, Settle at Separation]Parties: JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORP | JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) LITHIA MOTORS, INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (2017 Performance- and Time-vesting)Parties: LITHIA MOTORS INC | LITHIA MOTORS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Oregon
21) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT ISSUANCE AGREEMENTParties: SJW GROUP 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
22) COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENTParties: COVANTA HOLDING CORP | Covanta Energy Corporation | Covanta Group | COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
23) PerkinElmer, Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement under 2009 Incentive PlanParties: PERKINELMER INC | PerkinElmer, Inc 
								Law Firm: Wilmer Cutler
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
24) PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENTParties: MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC | Maxwell Technologies, Inc | Nesscap Energy Inc 
								Law Firm: DLA Piper
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
25) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT ISSUANCE AGREEMENTParties: SJW GROUP 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
26) PerkinElmer, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2009 Incentive PlanParties: PERKINELMER INC | PerkinElmer, Inc 
								Law Firm: Wilmer Cutler
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
27) DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC. 2016 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTParties: DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC. | DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
28) PerkinElmer, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2009 Incentive PlanParties: PERKINELMER INC | PerkinElmer, Inc 
								Law Firm: Wilmer Cutler
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
29) FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE LINN ENERGY, INC. 2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLANParties: LINN ENERGY, INC. | Linn Energy, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
30) LONG TERM INCENTIVE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION INCENTIVE COMPENSATION AND STOCK PLAN [Director Version 2008 Plan, Settle as Vests]Parties: JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORP | JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
31) FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE LINN ENERGY, INC. 2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLANParties: LINN ENERGY, INC. | Linn Energy, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
32) VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENTParties: VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New Jersey
33) PerkinElmer, Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement under 2009 Incentive PlanParties: PERKINELMER INC | PerkinElmer, Inc 
								Law Firm: Wilmer Cutler
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
34) KEY MANAGER RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE FMC CORPORATION INCENTIVE COMPENSATION AND STOCK PLANParties: FMC CORP | FMC Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
35) SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENT DATED 31 OCTOBER 2016 (G) Between SAUDI ARAMCO DEVELOPMENT COMPANY and NABORS INTERNATIONAL NETHERLANDS B.V. relating to theParties: NABORS INDUSTRIES LTD | NABORS INTERNATIONAL NETHERLANDS BV | ONSHORE DRILLING JOINT VENTURE | SAUDI ARAMCO DEVELOPMENT COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

36) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENTParties: KEYCORP /NEW/ 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

37) DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC. 2016 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTParties: DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC. | DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
38) SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENTParties: SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC. | SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS UNDER THE MONOGRAM RESIDENTIAL TRUST, INC. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE AWARD PLANParties: MONOGRAM RESIDENTIAL TRUST, INC. | MONOGRAM RESIDENTIAL TRUST, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

40) SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENTParties: SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC. | SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
41) 2012 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTParties: MCCLATCHY CO | McCLATCHY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
42) ADVANCE AUTO PARTS, INC. 2015 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENTParties: ADVANCE AUTO PARTS INC | Advance Auto Parts, Inc | Vice President, Rewards and HR Services 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

43) INVESTOR CONTACTParties: LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP | Brunswick Group | Canyon Bridge Merger Sub, Inc | Global IR Partners | Lattice Semiconductor Corporation | Lattice, Canyon Bridge Acquisition Company, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

44) Lionbridge Announces Stockholder Approval and Closing of Acquisition by H.I.G. CapitalParties: LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES INC /DE/ | HIG Capital, LLC | Lionbridge Technologies, Inc 
								Law Firm: Goodwin Procter;Kirkland Ellis
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

45) 2017 NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENTParties: OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC | OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
46) NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTParties: NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

47) PRIMERICA, INC. EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENTParties: PRIMERICA, INC. | PRIMERICA, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
48) AXIS Capital Holdings Limited 2007 Long-Term Equity Compensation Plan Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Time Vesting/100% Stock Settled)Parties: AXIS CAPITAL HOLDINGS LTD | AXIS Capital Holdings Limited | HOLDING COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

49) 2017 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENTParties: OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC | OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
50) INTL FCStone Inc. 2017 Restricted Stock PlanParties: INTL FCSTONE INC. | INTL FCStone Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137138139140141142143144145146147 
 
 

 












