




Oracle and Hyperion

















































About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Hyperion











Oracle and Hyperion





Oracle Buys Hyperion





 



In 2007, Oracle acquired Hyperion, a leading provider of performance management software. The transaction extends Oracle's business intelligence capabilities to offer the most comprehensive system for enterprise performance management.
Over the past few years, Oracle has significantly reoriented our business intelligence product strategy, shifting our focus from offering a solution that works for Oracle-only environments towards offering a best-of-breed business intelligence and performance management product family that will work with heterogeneous information sources in an enterprise, both Oracle and non-Oracle.
The acquisition of Hyperion extends our business intelligence product strategy. Customers are increasingly using performance management and business intelligence together. Hyperion adds complementary products to Oracle's business intelligence offerings including a leading  enterprise planning solution, world-class financial close and reporting  products, and a powerful multi-source OLAP server. Coupled with Oracle's BI tools and pre-packaged analytic applications, the combination redefines business intelligence and performance management by providing the first integrated, end-to-end Enterprise Performance Management System that spans planning, financial close, operational analytic applications, BI tools, reporting, and data integration, all on a unified BI platform.
After the acquisition, we introduced a new product family called Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition Plus. This integrated suite includes all of the Oracle and Hyperion reporting and analysis tools.  Since 2007, we have released  new versions of the Oracle Enterprise Performance Management System, which include continued  innovations and capabilities to improve business insights and decision-making. Read more about the latest release.  In 2010, we released Oracle Business Intelligence 11g, which provides the most complete and integrated suite of BI tools in the market.  Read more about this release.

Read the press release
Support for Hyperion products









Information for Customers and Partners

Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Hyperion means for our customers (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Hyperion means for our partners (PDF)
Direct questions and inquiries to hyperionpartners_ww@oracle.com










Product Information

Oracle Business Intelligence Suite—Enterprise Edition Plus
Financial Close and Reporting
Oracle Essbase
Oracle Hyperion Data Relationship Management








Oracle User Group
Join Oracle's most active, informed and satisfied customers participating in 450 users groups worldwide. Don't miss the opportunity to network, share experiences and best practices, get the latest news from Oracle and the user community, and provide input on products and services. Join a users group today!  For information about how you can become a member click here.
Check in often to User Group Center online for up-to-date users group information.  Direct inquiries to oracleusergroup_ww@oracle.com.









Support, Services, and Sales
Hyperion customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.









Crystal Ball
Crystal Ball customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional support, services, and sales.
To learn more about Crystal Ball, visit http://www.oracle.com/crystalball/














Learn More


See all acquisitions












Contact
Social




We're here to help

Call Oracle
    1-650-633-4490
Toll Free in the U.S.
    1-800-633-0925
Acquisition inquiries



Follow Oracle

  Facebook
  Twitter
  LinkedIn
  Google Plus
  Youtube


Oracle Social Media Directory
Oracle RSS Directory



















Contact Us

US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
Have Oracle Call You
Global Contacts
Support Directory



About Oracle

Company Information
Communities
Careers





Cloud

Overview of Cloud Solutions
Software (SaaS)
Platform (PaaS)
Infrastructure (IaaS)
Data (DaaS)
Free Cloud Trial



Events

Oracle OpenWorld
Oracle Code
JavaOne
All Oracle Events





Top Actions

Download Java
Download Java for Developers
Try Oracle Cloud
Subscribe to Emails



News

Newsroom
Magazines
Customer Success Stories
Blogs





Key Topics

ERP, EPM (Finance)
HCM (HR, Talent)
Marketing
CX (Sales, Service, Commerce)
Supply Chain
Industry Solutions
Database
MySQL
Middleware
Java
Engineered Systems








Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
YouTube
Oracle RSS Feed

Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services

© Oracle
Site Map
Terms of Use and Privacy

Ad Choices



































 





























Technology | Tech News, Reviews & Updates























Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
View text version of this page
Help using this website - Accessibility statement

Menu

The Sydney Morning Herald

News site of the year


Technology



Subscribe
Login

Sign-up

Become a SMH member today!


Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox.

Create account now!


Become a SMH member today!


Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox.

Create account now!









Search Site




























Home


Tech








Technology News









Review: Fun, fish and fashion in Splatoon 2










Google Backup & Sync is insurance for your data 


COMMENT








Disney building AI to figure out exactly when you'll laugh










How Australians play video games in 2017

Kotaku









How researchers search for a lost continent











Amazon hiring speakers of Australian English











Re-use a piece of paper with erasable ink printer










What games would be on a Nintendo 64 Mini?


COMMENT








Dynaudio's Forties are special indeed











Thunderbolt 3 dock: big power, but big price, too











Is Snopes.com in danger of closing down?











MS Paint lives: old app gets a new home after online backlash











Google WiFi is a great router, with a catch


COMMENT








Farmer builds private tower for faster internet











Facebook Marketplace is a mess but it works











Planets and portraits in virtual reality at MIFF










Microsoft officially retiring Paint this year











Can Google continue to dominate advertising?


COMMENT








Australia banks on quantum leaps










Is this the woman who will save Uber?











Inside LG Display's high-security lab













Advertisement








HuffPost Australia










Scientists Could 'Reverse Ageing' As ...


Contains:
External link












This Is Why So Many People 'See The ...


Contains:
External link














Technology Videos





Video duration01:24




Apple iPhone turns 10






Video duration02:59




Musk and Zuckerberg trade barbs over AI






Video duration01:25




The human microchip is here








Follow Digital Life



Share on FacebookFacebook


Share on TwitterTwitter





Follow SMH

Get notified when the big things happen.


Share on Facebook


Share on Twitter


Share on EmailNewsletters





Advertisement

















Most Viewed Today



Previous slide


Next slide







            Technology





Search underway to uncover the lost continent  Zealandia 








Hands on: Google Backup and Sync








Disney building AI to figure out when you'll laugh








Twitter shares tumble as user growth stalls








'Eerily prescient': 15 predictions Bill Gates made in 1999









The Sydney Morning Herald






Sydney noodle bar forced to name and shame itself








One property only in $51 billion plan to curb negative gearing








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








'He told me I owed him a blow job': Entrepreneur harassed by backer








The 10 jobs that claim the most tax deductions in Australia









The Age






Severe weather warning: Worst winds of the year set to hit Victoria 








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








John Olsen slams Archibald Prize decision








Standstill: CBD rally causes major peak-hour delays for commuters








Battle for Box Hill: 'This isn't the CBD, it's suburbia'









Brisbane Times






Brisbane couple allegedly held slave for eight years








Three men found guilty of bottle rape on Australia Day








One property only in $51 billion plan to curb negative gearing








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








Brisbane City Council terminates $122 million IT contract









Canberra Times






Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








One property only in $51 billion plan to curb negative gearing








Greg Moriarty named as new Defence Department secretary








John Olsen slams Archibald Prize decision








Canberra's newest hotspot is emerging in...Fyshwick?









WA Today






West Coast champion Matt Priddis makes stunning retirement announcement 








Wild weather uproots trees and leaves Perth and South West homes without power








Perth bulk rubbish map to help out 'kerbside shoppers'








Bassendean tradie claims $1 million lotto prize








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP




















Info

Save articles for later.
Ok, Got it



Info

Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles.
Ok, Got it



Info

Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo.
Ok, Got it




























Hyperion Solutions Corporation - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Hyperion Solutions Corporation















Reference for Business


Company History Index


Information Technology


Hyperion Solutions Corporation - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Hyperion Solutions Corporation










5450 Great America ParkwaySanta Clara, California 95054U.S.A.


Company Perspectives:

Hyperion Solutions Corporation is the global leader in Business Perfo rmance Management software. With Hyperion you can collect, organize a nd analyze data--then distribute it throughout your enterprise using a rich, unified workspace that makes business performance management easier and more powerful than ever before. Hyperion solutions can hel p you drive performance improvements by better aligning goals with me trics, increasing your operational efficiency and becoming more comfo rtable with the integrity of your numbers.
History of Hyperion Solutions Corporation








Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, Hyperion Solutions Corporat ion is a leading developer of business performance management softwar e, which helps businesses to gather, organize, and analyze business d ata; determine corporate performance; and then improve that performan ce through the use of modeling and planning. According to the company , it is the only industry player to offer business intelligence and f inancial management applications in one system. Through a network of approximately 600 partners, Hyperion serves a base of some 10,000 cus tomers in 45 countries worldwide. These include the likes of Allstate Insurance, Braun, Coca-Cola, FIAT, H & R Block, Hyatt, Novartis, Staples, Toyota Motor Sales USA, and Yale University.

Establishment and Growth: The 1980s

Hyperion Solution Corporation's roots stretch back to 1981, when Marc o Arese and Bob Thompson established International Management Reporti ng Services Inc. (IMRS). During its early years, the company was base d at 1033 Washington Boulevard in Stamford, Connecticut. According to Hyperion, the release of IMRS's flagship product, Micro Control, "de fined a new market by delivering multinational financial reporting on personal computers."
A native of Milan, Italy, Arese made a sizable start-up investment in Hyperion and played a central role in developing the company's inter national operations. Prior to starting Hyperion, Arese earned an M.B. A. from the University of California at Berkeley and worked for Citib ank in Milan and London, where he designed financial reporting softwa re. He then established a software company called Fienco SpA, which f ocused on PC-based treasury management systems.
Cofounder Thomson served as Hyperion's president and CEO, ultimately retiring from the company's board in August 1998. Before his role at Hyperion, Thomson worked in the management and technical ranks for Ci ticorp, Citibank, Rank Xerox, and Dolby System Labs. After leaving Hy perion, he relocated to Bermuda and became a "business angel" on the U.S. East Coast and in Scotland.
In addition to Micro Control, IMRS's early products included a data c ollection application called FinalForm, which companies used to autom ate and consolidate the collection of data from remote locations. Wit h a license price of $40,000, FinalForm helped companies to strea mline their financial operations and improve the efficiency of invent ory management, sales reporting, and tax recording and preparation.
IMRS ended the 1980s by acquiring New York-based Corporate Class Soft ware Inc., a subsidiary of Bridgewater, New Jersey-based Hoechst Cela nese that produced a complementary line of management reporting softw are called FASTAR (Financial Application Solution to Analysis and Rep orting). At the time of the acquisition, Micro Control and FASTAR wer e the leading software applications in their category, used by the li kes of Unilever USA, Warner Communications Inc., and McDonald's Corpo ration. Each application cost about $75,000. The acquisition push ed IMRS's sales to $20 million and saw the consolidation of devel opment, sales, and support. At this time James Perakis served as IMRS 's president and the company had about 400 corporate customers and so me 5,000 installations.
In 1989 IMRS also released a new Windows-based financial reporting ap plication called OnTrack, which was instrumental in that it allowed n ovice users to generate corporate and financial reports by using a mo use and clicking on hypertext links. Compatible with Micro Control, t he new program was priced at $35,000. IMRS ended its 1989 fiscal year with sales of $12 million.

Market Leader: The 1990s

By the early 1990s IMRS was growing at a healthy clip. In fact, the c ompany had been recognized for four consecutive years as one of the f astest growing private companies in the United States by Inc. magazine. After subleasing an additional 9,200 square feet at its 160 0 Summer Street Stamford location in 1990, the company moved forward with a major relocation, subleasing 73,558 square feet of space in St amford's Long Ridge Office Park. The new facility, located at 777 Lon g Ridge Road, allowed IMRS to consolidate its headquarters with the c ompany's Washington Boulevard location, which was being used for trai ning. By this time, the company had grown to include a staff of 280 e mployees.
IMRS continued its expansion efforts by opening three new regional of fices in 1991. Devoted to sales and support, the new sites included a Canadian office in Calgary, as well as locations in St. Louis and Ph iladelphia. With a total of 15 offices worldwide, including 11 in the United States, the company's revenues reached $34 million in 199 1, up from $24 million in 1990. IMRS ended the year by going publ ic. The company completed its initial public offering on October 25, raising approximately $40 million that it planned to use for debt reduction and future expansion.
By this time IMRS had added an application called Treasury Control to its product lineup and had named its flagship software, which held 8 5 percent of the financial-consolidation software market, Hyperion. W ith the launch of its Hyperion Financials line, IMRS set its sites on the client-server financial reporting software market in early 1995. Unlike its main market, the client-server sector was home to a numbe r of established competitors, including Lawson Software, Platinum Sof tware, and PeopleSoff. At this time, IMRS changed its name to Hyperio n Software Corporation.
In 1998 Hyperion was acquired by Arbor Software Corporation. The newl y merged firms adopted the name Hyperion Solutions Corporation. Arbor was established in 1991 by Bob Earle and Jim Dorian, two pioneers in the field of business analysis software. Prior to the acquisition, t he company had unveiled its flagship online analytical processing (OL AP) software in 1992, generating sales of $1.1 million. By 1995 A rbor had gone public and was listed on the NASDAQ. In 1997 Arbor made its first acquisition when it purchased Orlando, Florida-based Appso urce, which had developed an OLAP presentation and viewer tool.
With an estimated value of $780 million to $1.3 billion, the merger resulted in the company relocating its headquarters to Sunnyva le, California. Jim Perakis was named chairman of the new enterprise, and Arbor Chairman and CEO John Dillon was named CEO. Stock ownershi p was divided so that Arbor investors held a 40 percent stake in the company and Hyperion shareholders held a 60 percent share.
Following the merger, Hyperion Solutions had about 1,800 employees in 26 countries who served a customer base of some 4,000 organizations in 40 countries. Its clients, which included Adobe Systems, Allergan, and Kraft Foods, hailed from a variety of industries, including cons umer goods and services, healthcare, information technology, educatio n, insurance, telecommunications, government, banking, transportation , and retail.
Hyperion proceeded to integrate its products and sales forces followi ng the merger. As of late 1998 the company offered four main products to its customers. These included a presentation and reporting tools set called Hyperion Tools; an OLAP server called Essbase; the Hyperio n Enterprise tool for financial consolidation and reporting; and a bu dgeting analytic program called Hyperion Pillar.








In early 1999 the research firm International Data Corp. issued a rep ort citing Hyperion as the market leader in analytic applications, wi th a share of 18 percent. The report also placed Hyperion at the head of the market for financial-related analytic applications, with a sh are of 36 percent. Around this time Hyperion spun off its decision su pport arm as Appsource Corp., the name it had operated under before A rbor purchased the company in December 1997.
While the Hyperion-Arbor merger created the industry's largest busine ss intelligence software enterprise, wide-ranging integration issues followed. This especially was the case with the company's sales force , in that teams that once competed against one another (and downplaye d the other side's products) were now in a position to promote the of ferings of both companies.
By mid-1999 Hyperion had experienced a sequential drop in quarterly r evenue, as well as a decline in its stock price. A number of executiv es resigned, and Hyperion fired CEO John Dillon and Vice-President of Worldwide Sales William Binch, citing "problems with their 'expectat ion management and forecasting,'" according to the May 4, 1999, issue of Computergram International.

In its May 10, 1999 issue, Computergram International noted th at "the company's inability to successfully execute a post-merger str ategy appears to have caused a level of dissension within virtually e very aspect of the organization. The conservative Hyperion failed, an d is still failing, to gel with the more dynamic and performance-orie nted Arbor. And one year on since the deal was first announced the co mbined Hyperion Solutions looks in only slightly better shape than wh en the operation was being run as two separate organizations."
After Dillon was fired, CFO Steve Imbler was named interim CEO. He ul timately was replaced by Jeffrey R. Rodek, who assumed the role of bo th chairman and CEO. Prior to joining Hyperion, Rodek was president a nd worldwide chief operating officer of Ingram Micro Inc., a Hyperion board member, and also a 16-year executive with Federal Express.
Moving past its operational troubles, in 1999 Hyperion acquired Sapli ng Corporation, a developer of enterprise performance management soft ware, for $15.5 million. The acquisition helped Hyperion to stave off competition from SAP AG and Oracle Corporation. Hyperion renamed Sapling's main products and added Hyperion Performance Scorecard and Hyperion Business Modeling to its product lineup. Hyperion ended the 1990s with fiscal year 1999 sales of $424.9 million. In addition , for the second consecutive year Deloitte & Touche and Joint Ven ture: Silicon Valley Network named the company to the 1999 Silicon Va lley Technology "Fast 50" for being one of the valley's fastest growi ng technology firms.

Web/Enterprise Focus: The 2000s

Hyperion began the new millennium by introducing Hyperion Planning an d Hyperion Financial Management, two Web-based packaged financial app lications. In 2000 the company also partnered with WebTrends Corporat ion to provide its customers with integrated e-business analysis solu tions. This was accomplished by integrating Hyperion business analysi s applications with WebTrends' Commerce Trends solution.
Hyperion also joined the XBRL Project Committee, a coalition of some 30 software, government, and accounting firms that was formed to prom ote extensible Business Reporting Language as a free, open standard f or financial reporting. According to an April 6, 2000, Business Wi re release, XBRL sought "to help organizations easily distribute financial information in any format, including HTML documents for the Web, printed financial statements, EDGAR filing documents for the Se curities and Exchange Commission (SEC), or other specialized reportin g formats such as credit reports or loan documents." These developmen ts came at a time when users were demanding sophisticated Web-based t ools.
In addition to competition from industry heavyweights like Microsoft, Hyperion was challenged by stagnant revenues and declining economic conditions. In response, the company tightened its belt to weather th e storm. This resulted in a 15 percent workforce reduction (400 jobs) , a hiring freeze, travel restrictions, and cutbacks in capital spend ing. In addition, Hyperion indicated that it would focus its workforc e around its profitable products. One analyst noted that the company had created confusion in the marketplace--and within its own sales fo rce--by introducing too many products, and that Hyperion would do wel l to eliminate resource-draining, underperforming products.
Hyperion ended its 2001 fiscal year with sales of $528 million, c ompared with $492 million in 2000. It reported a net loss of &#36 ;31.1 million, however, compared with net income of $30.6 million in fiscal 2000. On a positive note, the company returned to profitab ility during the fourth quarter, reporting net income of $1.8 mil lion despite a tough economic climate.
Following similar developments by competitors like SAP AG, Oracle Cor poration, and PeopleSoft Inc., in September 2001 Hyperion announced t hat it would make its business intelligence and data warehousing prod ucts available enterprise-wide by 2004. This move would give executiv es a broader top-level view and make it easier for departments and bu siness units to share information. In October, Godfrey Sullivan was n amed as Hyperion's president and COO; Jeffrey Rodek remained chairman and CEO. Prior to joining Hyperion, Sullivan served as CEO of market ing software developer Promptu Corporation.
In 2002 Hyperion saw its revenues fall to $492 million. The compa ny was profitable for the year, however, with net income of $15.7 million. Hyperion received a license revenue boost during the fourth quarter when it gained 235 new customers who contributed 44 percent of license revenue. Among the new customers were Citigroup, Motorola, and Northrop Grumman. Attributing to Hyperion's success was the intr oduction of new products, including its Hyperion Business Performance Management Suite.
Heading into 2003, Hyperion was on solid footing. As accounting scand als at companies like Enron ushered in new accountability standards f or the corporate sector, the company stood to benefit by increased sa les of its reporting software. In a January 24, 2003 interview with t he America's Intelligence Wire, CEO Jeffrey Rodek noted a 13 p ercent year-over-year increase in Hyperion's software business and re marked that the company's balance sheet was "the strongest ever."
Hyperion's business performance management line was bolstered signifi cantly with the April 2003 acquisition of Skokie, Illinois-based The Alcar Group, a developer of financial modeling software, followed by the $142 million acquisition of Santa Clara, California-based Bri o Software Inc. By October Hyperion was working to integrate Brio's p roducts into its own lineup, giving Hyperion the ability to offer bus iness intelligence software; Hyperion's Business Intelligence Platfor m was released in 2004.
A number of important developments occurred in 2004. In response to m ore stringent corporate governance standards, the company split the r ole of chairman and CEO. Jeffrey Rodek became executive chairman, and Godfrey Sullivan assumed the role of president and CEO. The company also unveiled Hyperion Essbase 7X, calling it "the most dramatic inno vation in analytics since the company pioneered OLAP technology in 19 92."
In August, Hyperion cut 50 jobs as it moved more software development offshore. According to an August 18, 2004, Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News article, the move was upsetting to workers, some of whom had just completed a questionnaire for Fortune magazine' s "100 Best Companies to Work For" list only days before. Despite str ong financial performance, the company insisted the move was necessar y for it to remain competitive. Hyperion CEO Godfrey Sullivan ended t he year by announcing that the company had set aside $1 million t o offer employees $5,000 toward the purchase of environmentally f riendly cars (those with fuel economy of at least 45 miles per gallon ).
Hyperion started 2005 on a sour note as it was sued by two other comp anies for patent infringement. The first suit was filed by HyperRoll Israel Ltd., claiming that the Hyperion Essbase 7X OLAP server infrin ged on two of its patents. Stamford, Connecticut-based OutlookSoft Co rp. also filed two infringement suits against Hyperion related to pat ents for its Everest application.
In early 2005 Hyperion acquired Razza Solutions Inc., which bolstered its capabilities in the area of business performance management soft ware. The company ended fiscal year 2005 with record revenues of &#36 ;702.6 million, up 13 percent from $622.2 million in 2004. Hyperi on's net income spiked 52 percent, reaching $66.7 million.
Hyperion continued to release new business performance management pro ducts in 2005. The company's Hyperion System 9 offered users one syst em with a business intelligence platform and financial management app lications.
A major highpoint in the company's history also occurred in 2005 when  Information Age dubbed Hyperion Essbase as "one of the 10 mos t influential technology innovations of the last 10 years," according to an August 16, 2005, M2 Presswire release. In the publicati on's 10th anniversary issue, Information Age editor Kenny MacI ver remarked: "Hyperion Essbase was the multi-dimensional database th at put online analytical processing on the business intelligence map. It has spurred the creation of scores of rival OLAP products."

Principal Competitors: Business Objects S.A.; Cognos Inc.
Chronology


Key Dates:


1981: Marco Arese and Bob Thompson establish International Man agement Reporting Services Inc. (IMRS) in Stamford, Connecticut.

1982: IMRS releases its flagship financial reporting product, Micro Control.

1989: Following the acquisition of New York-based Corporate Cl ass Software Inc., sales reach $20 million and corporate customer s number 400.
1990s:Early in the decade, IMRS is recognized for four consecutive ye ars as one of the fastest growing private companies in America by Inc. magazine.

1991: IMRS goes public.

1995: IMRS changes its name to Hyperion Software Corporation.

1998: Hyperion is acquired by Arbor Software Corporation; the merged firms adopt the name Hyperion Solutions Corporation and establ ish headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.

2001: Hyperion cuts 400 jobs and implements other cost-saving measures.

2003: The company acquires The Alcar Group and Brio Software I nc.

2005:
Information Age dubs Hyperion Essbase as "one of the 10 most influential technology innovations of the last 10 years."

Additional Details


Public Company


Incorporated: 1991

Employees: 2,500

Sales: $702.6 million (2005)

Stock Exchanges: NASDAQ

Ticker Symbol: HYSL

NAIC: 511210 Software Publishers

Further Reference

Bartholomew, Doug, "A Broader View for IMRS," Informationw eek, February 20, 1995.
"California-Based Software Firm Hyperion Solutions Cuts Stamford, Conn., Jobs," Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, August 18, 2004.
Callaghan, Dennis, "Business Intelligence Goes Enterprisewide," eWeek, September 17, 2001.
Callaghan, Dennis, "Product Strategizing Key to Hyperion--Company Plans Business Strategy Review, Focus on Profitable Offerings," e Week, May 28, 2001.
"Company Splits CEO, Chairman Roles for Better Governance," Co mpliance Reporter, July 26, 2004.
Ferranti, Marc, "IMRS Debuts Windows-Based Financial Reporter," PC Week, October 30, 1989.
Hindo, Brian, "Drive Green and Get Some Green," Business Week,  December 13, 2004.
"Hyperion Acquires Razza," Asia Africa Intelligence Wire, January 26, 2005.
"Hyperion and Webtrends Partner to Offer Integrated E-business An alysis Solutions," Business Wire, March 6, 2000.
"Hyperion Announces Cost Cutting Measures," PR Newswire, M ay 16, 2001.
"Hyperion Buys Financial Modeling Vendor Alcar," eWeek, Ap ril 4, 2003.
"Hyperion Buys Sapling for Enterprise Performance Software," C omputergram International, May 19, 1999.
"Hyperion Details Brio Integration," eWeek, October 28, 20 03.
"Hyperion Essbase Named As Top Ten Technology Innovation of the D ecade by Information Age Magazine," M2 Presswire, Augus t 16, 2005.
"Hyperion Fires CEO and Head Salesman As Merger Falters," Comp utergram International, May 4, 1999.
"Hyperion Hit with Patent Infringement Suit," Client Server Ne ws, January 24, 2005.
"Hyperion Joins Global Initiative to Launch Open Standards for We b-Based Financial Reporting," Business Wire, April 6, 2000.
"Hyperion Named a 1999 Silicon Valley Technology 'Fast 50' Compan y," Business Wire, September 22, 1999.
"Hyperion Ousters Shift Focus to IBM," PC Week, May 17, 19 99.
"Hyperion Reports Fiscal Fourth Quarter and 2001 Results," PR Newswire, July 26, 2001.
"Hyperion Reports Record Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal Year 2005 Financial Results," Business Wire, July 21, 2005.
"Hyperion Reports Solid Fiscal Fourth Quarter and 2002 Results," M2 Presswire, July 26, 2002.
"Hyperion Solutions--CEO Interview," America's Intelligence Wi re, January 24, 2003.
"Hyperion Solutions' Customers Endorse Merger; More Than Two-Thir ds of Fortune 100 Using Hyperion's Best-in-Class Products and Worldwide Services," Business Wire, August 24, 1998.
"Hyperion Spins Off Appsource; Goes for MS OLAP Space," Comput ergram International, February 9, 1999.
"Hyperion Trims Staff, Expenses," Silicon Valley/San Jose Busi ness Journal, May 18, 2001.
"IDC: International Data Corporation Names Hyperion Solutions the Analytic Applications Revenue Leader," M2 Presswire, February 2, 1999.
"IMRS Acquires Competitor," PC Week, October 23, 1989.
"IMRS Buys Developer of FASTAR Software," PC Week, October 23, 1989.
"IMRS Expands, Files with SEC for Stock Offering," Fairfield C ounty Business Journal, September 30, 1991.
"IMRS, G.E. Expand Office Space in Stamford," Fairfield County Business Journal, September 10, 1990.
"Ingram Micro President and COO Accepts Top Post at Hyperion Solu tions Corp.," PR Newswire, October 12, 1999.
Khasru, B.Z., "OutlookSoft Files Patent Claims Against Hyperion,"  Fairfield County Business Journal, February 7, 2005.
"M&A Impact: Hyperion Still Suffering Indigestion Post-Arbor, " Computergram International, May 10, 1999.
Mulqueen, John T., "Arbor Takes Root with Hyperion--Software Comp anies Branch Together to Create Budding Corporation," InternetWeek , June 1, 1998.
Pallatto, John, "Program Helps Automate Collection, Consolidation of Data from Remote Sites," PC Week, June 28, 1988.
Songini, Marc, "Buyouts Surge Among Data Analysis Vendors: Hyperi on, Business Objects Acquire Rivals; Further Consolidation Expected,"  Computerworld, July 28, 2003.
------, "Hyperion's Challenge: Convince Users It's Growing," C omputerworld, April 23, 2001.
Spiegler, Eric, "IMRS Will Use $40 Million from IPO to Pay Do wn Debt," Fairfield County Business Journal, November 4, 1991. 
Stableford, Joan, "IMRS Leases 73,500 Square Feet in Stamford Rel ocation," Fairfield County Business Journal, July 15, 1991.
Stoll, Marilyn, "Aerospace Firm Revamps Its Tax-Recording System, " PC Week, August 1, 1988.
"Technology Briefing Software: Hyperion to Buy Brio Software," New York Times, July 24, 2003.
Willett, Shawn, "After the Merger: Targets Products, Channels--Hy perion Gets Integrated," Computer Reseller News, September 21, 1998.


User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment






Hyperion Solutions Corporation forum















 




Horizon Pharma Offers to Acquire Hyperion Therapeutics for $1.1 Billion - The New York Times


























































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|Horizon Pharma Offers to Acquire Hyperion Therapeutics for $1.1 Billion







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1Mn5qzE








Advertisement













 



Supported by




Horizon Pharma Offers to Acquire Hyperion Therapeutics for $1.1 Billion

By CHAD BRAYMARCH 30, 2015



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









The Irish pharmaceutical company Horizon Pharma said on Monday that it had offered to buy Hyperion Therapeutics of California for $1.1 billion in cash.The deal would expand Horizon’s product lines and increase its drug lines to treat rare diseases. The transaction would give Horizon access to two so-called orphan drugs, Ravicti and Buphenyl, which are used to treat urea cycle disorders and accounted for $113.6 million in sales in 2014.Under the deal, Horizon has offered to pay $46 a share for Hyperion, representing a 35 percent premium to the volume weighted average price for its shares for the last 60 days and a 7.6 percent premium to its closing price on Friday.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Shares of Hyperion, based in Brisbane, Calif., closed Friday down 1.9 percent at $42.74.“The Hyperion acquisition will expand and diversify our product portfolio by adding two complementary orphan disease products, Ravicti and Buphenyl, and leverage as well as expand the existing infrastructure of our orphan disease business,” Timothy P. Walbert, the Horizon chairman, president and chief executive, said in a news release. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





The proposed transaction has been approved by the boards of both companies.Horizon, based in Dublin, said it had entered into agreements with certain stockholders and members of management who hold about 21 percent of the company’s stock and have agreed to sell their shares in the offer.The transaction is subject to a majority of shareholders agreeing to sell their shares in the offer and is expected to close in the second quarter.Horizon was advised by Jefferies, Citigroup, and Cowen and Company and the law firms Cooley, and McCann FitzGerald. Hyperion was advised by Centerview Partners and the law firm Shearman & Sterling. Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times



























Oracle Hyperion - Wikipedia






















 






Oracle Hyperion

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hyperion Solutions)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with the Amiga-focused software company Hyperion Entertainment.

Oracle Hyperion





Type

Public (NASDAQ: HYSL)


Industry
Business Performance Management and Business Intelligence


Fate
Acquisition


Founded
1981


Headquarters
Santa Clara, California, United States



Key people

Godfrey R. Sullivan, President and Chief Executive Officer


Revenue
$765.2 million USD (2006)


Owner
Oracle Corporation



Number of employees

2,607 (2005)


Website
www.hyperion.com


Hyperion Solutions Corporation was a software company located in Santa Clara, California, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in 2007. Many of its products were targeted at the business intelligence (BI) and business performance management markets, and as of 2013[update] were developed and sold as Oracle Hyperion products. Hyperion Solutions was formed from the merger of Hyperion Software (formerly IMRS) and Arbor Software in 1998.




Hyperion office in Santa Clara





Contents


1 History
2 Market

2.1 Consolidation


3 Products
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]

1981 - IMRS founded by Bob Thomson and Marco Arese, and launches financial and management consolidation software called 'Micro Control' in 1983
1985 - IMRS hires Jim Perakis as CEO; he remains in this position during growth from $1M to almost $300M[citation needed]
1991 - IMRS becomes a public company and launches a Windows-based successor to 'Micro Control' called 'Hyperion'
1992 - Arbor Software ships first version of Essbase Online Analytical processing OLAP software
1995 - Due to the success of the "Hyperion" product IMRS changes name to "Hyperion Software Corporation" and the name of the product is changed to "Hyperion Enterprise." Arbor becomes a publicly held company[1]
1997 - Arbor acquires Appsource[2]
1998 - Hyperion Software merges with Arbor and the combined company is renamed Hyperion Solutions[3]
1999 - Jeffrey Rodek named as Hyperion Chairman and CEO of Hyperion. Hyperion acquires Sapling Corporation (Enterprise Performance Management applications)
2001 - Godfrey Sullivan is named Hyperion President and COO
2003 - Hyperion acquires Brio Technology and The Alcar Group
2004 - Hyperion names Jeffrey Rodek Executive Chairman; Godfrey Sullivan President and CEO
2005 - Hyperion acquires Razza Solutions (Master data management)[4] and appoints Northdoor as a reseller in the UK and Ireland.[5]
2006 - Hyperion acquires UpStream (Financial Data Quality Management)[6]
2006 - Hyperion acquires Beatware (Data visualization for Web and Mobile Devices)[7]
2007 - Hyperion acquired Decisioneering (Crystal Ball software).[8]

Oracle Corporation announced on March 1, 2007 it had agreed to purchase Hyperion Solutions Corporation for $3.3 billion in cash.[9][10] The transaction was completed on April 18, 2007 and Hyperion now operates as a division of Oracle.[11] Oracle extended support for most Hyperion products (v11.1.2.x) to 2018.[12] Hyperion BI tools were bundled into Oracle Business Intelligence Suite Enterprise Edition.
Market[edit]
Vendors in the business intelligence space are often categorized into:

The consolidated big four "megavendors", which include Oracle Hyperion as well as SAP BusinessObjects, IBM Cognos, and Microsoft BI.[13]
The independent "pure-play" vendors, the largest being MicroStrategy, Tableau, QlikView and SAS.[14]

Consolidation[edit]
Group consolidation specialize for finance users are a specialization of BI market. Microsoft Excel is the market leader in this area. The increase in level of Multiway Data Analysis correlate with the cost and time of consolidation. Hyperion Enterprise and Oracle HFM are examples of application to support more complex consolidation requirements.
BI market surveys and analyses include:

Gartner's BI Magic Quadrant - In 2007, Gartner placed Hyperion in its "Leader" quadrant for both Business Intelligence Platforms and Corporate Performance Management.
Business Application Research Center (BARC)'s The BI Survey and The BI Verdict (formerly The OLAP Report)[15]

Products[edit]
Hyperion software products included:

Essbase
Hyperion Intelligence and SQR Production Reporting (products acquired in 2003 takeover of Brio Technology)
Hyperion Enterprise
Hyperion Planning
Hyperion Strategic Finance
Hyperion Financial Data Management
Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect
Hyperion Financial Close Management
Hyperion Disclosure Management
Hyperion Performance Scorecard
Hyperion Business Modelling
Hyperion Financial Management
Hyperion Master Data Management/Oracle Data Relationship Management
Hyperion Financial Reporting
Hyperion Web Analysis
Hyperion SmartView
Hyperion EPM Workspace
Hyperion Profitability and Cost Management
Hyperion System 9 BI+ (a combination of Interactive Reporting, SQR, Web Analysis, Financial Reporting, EPM Workspace and SmartView)
Hyperion Financial Data Quality Management (Also referred to as FDM EE)
Hyperion Tax Provision
Planning Budgeting Cloud Service
Enterprise Performance Reporting Cloud Service

References[edit]


^ Willis, Clint (1998-05-10). "Buried Treasures". Forbes. 
^ "Hyperion Spins Off Appsource; Goes For Ms Olap Space". Findarticles.com. 1999-02-09. Retrieved 2011-07-11. 
^ Luening, Erich (May 26, 1998). "Arbor Software, Hyperion merge". CNET News. 
^ "Hyperion Acquires Razza Solutions; Delivers Master Data Management for Business Performance Management". Information Management. January 26, 2005. 
^ "Hyperion Appoints Northdoor To Distribute Entire Business Performance Management Portfolio". SourceWire. Retrieved 2012-10-02. 
^ Havenstein, Heather (April 20, 2006). "Hyperion to acquire data-quality vendor UpStream Software". Computerworld. 
^ "Q2 2007 Hyperion Earnings Conference Call". January 23, 2007. 
^ "Hyperion to Acquire Decisioneering". Information Management. January 24, 2007. 
^ [1] Archived March 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oracle Buys Enterprise Performance Management Leader Hyperion Archived September 21, 2016, at the Wayback Machine., March 1, 2007, Oracle Press Release
^ [2] Archived May 14, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Oracle Lifetime Support Policy" (PDF). September 2013. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (April 12, 2008). "How To Choose Among The Four Bright Lights Of BI". InformationWeek. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (November 12, 2007). "What IBM's Cognos Acquisition Means For The BI Market And Its Customers". 
^ "The BI Survey 9". Retrieved October 19, 2010. 


External links[edit]

Official website
The Hyperion Developer Network
Hyperion Press Kit







v
t
e


Oracle Corporation



Corporate directors



Jeffrey Berg
H. Raymond Bingham
Michael Boskin
Safra A. Catz
Larry Ellison
Héctor García-Molina
Joseph Grundfest
Jeffrey O. Henley
Mark Hurd
Jack F. Kemp
Donald L. Lucas
Naomi O. Seligman





Acquisitions (list)



Sun
PeopleSoft
Hyperion
Siebel
BEA
JD Edwards
RightNow
Virtual Iron
TimesTen
Sunopsis
NetSuite





DBMS



Oracle Database
MySQL
InnoDB
Berkeley DB
TimesTen
Rdb
Essbase





Programming languages



Java
PL/SQL





IDE



JDeveloper
Forms
NetBeans
Apex
SQL Developer
Developer Studio





Middleware



Fusion Middleware
WebCenter
SOA Suite
WebLogic Server
Coherence
Tuxedo
GlassFish





Operating systems



Oracle Linux
Oracle Solaris





Computer hardware



Sun Fire
SPARC (T-Series, Enterprise)
StorageTek





Computer appliances



Oracle Exadata
Oracle Exalogic
Big Data Appliance





Education and recognition



Oracle Certification Program








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oracle_Hyperion&oldid=770788986"					
Categories: Computer companies of the United StatesSoftware companies based in CaliforniaDefunct software companiesOracle acquisitionsBusiness software companiesCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNederlandsPortuguês 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 March 2017, at 16:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Information Technology















Reference for Business


Company History Index


		 Information Technology
	 




3Com Corporation


A.B. Watley Group Inc.


AMICAS, Inc.


AOL Time Warner Inc.


ASK Group, Inc.


ASML Holding N.V.


AST Research Inc.


AT&T Bell Laboratories, Inc.


AT&T Istel Ltd.


AccuWeather, Inc.


Acxiom Corporation


Adaptec, Inc.


Adobe Systems Inc.


Agence France-Presse


Agilent Technologies Inc.


Akamai Technologies, Inc.


Aldus Corporation


Allen Systems Group, Inc.


AltaVista Company


Altiris, Inc.


Amdahl Corporation


Amdocs Ltd.


America Online, Inc.


American Business Information, Inc.


American Management Systems, Inc.


American Software Inc.


Analytic Sciences Corporation


Analytical Surveys, Inc.


Anker BV


Ansoft Corporation


Anteon Corporation


Apollo Group, Inc.


Apple Computer, Inc.


Ariba, Inc.


Asanté Technologies, Inc.


Ascential Software Corporation


AsiaInfo Holdings, Inc.


Ask Jeeves, Inc.


At Home Corporation


Atos Origin S.A.


Attachmate Corporation


Autologic Information International, Inc.


Autotote Corporation


Avantium Technologies BV


Avid Technology Inc.


Avocent Corporation


Aydin Corp.


BBN Corp.


BEA Systems, Inc.


BMC Software, Inc.


BTG, Inc.


Baan Company


Baltimore Technologies Plc


Banyan Systems Inc.


Battelle Memorial Institute, Inc.


Bell Industries, Inc.


Bell and Howell Company


Billing Concepts Corp.


Blizzard Entertainment


Bloomberg L.P.


Blue Martini Software, Inc.


Boole & Babbage, Inc.


Booz Allen & Hamilton Inc.


Borland International, Inc.


Brite Voice Systems, Inc.


Broderbund Software


Bull S.A.


Business Objects S.A.


C-Cube Microsystems, Inc.


CACI International Inc.


CDC Corporation


CDW Computer Centers, Inc.


CHIPS and Technologies, Inc.


CMGI, Inc.


CNET Networks, Inc.


CSX Corporation


CTG, Inc.


Caere Corporation


Cahners Business Information


CalComp Inc.


Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc.


Candle Corporation


Cap Gemini Ernst & Young


Caribiner International, Inc.


Catalina Marketing Corporation


Cerner Corporation


CheckFree Corporation


Cheyenne Software, Inc.


Ciber, Inc.


Cirrus Logic, Incorporated


Cisco Systems, Inc.


Citizen Watch Co., Ltd.


Citrix Systems, Inc.


CoStar Group, Inc.


Cogent Communications Group, Inc.


Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation


Cognos Inc.


CompUSA, Inc.


Compaq Computer Corporation


Complete Business Solutions, Inc.


CompuAdd Computer Corporation


CompuCom Systems, Inc.


CompuServe Interactive Services, Inc.


Computer Associates International, Inc.


Computer Data Systems, Inc.


Computervision Corporation


Compuware Corporation


Comshare Inc.


Control Data Systems, Inc.


Corbis Corporation


Corel Corporation


Corporate Software Inc.


Cybermedia, Inc.


Dairyland Healthcare Solutions


Dassault Systèmes S.A.


Data Broadcasting Corporation


Datapoint Corporation


Dendrite International, Inc.


Deutsche Börse AG


Dialogic Corporation


DiamondCluster International, Inc.


Digex, Inc.


Digital River, Inc.


Digitas Inc.


Dimension Data Holdings PLC


Documentum, Inc.


Dun & Bradstreet Software Services Inc.


DynCorp


E.piphany, Inc.


ECS S.A.


EMC Corporation


EPIQ Systems, Inc.


EarthLink, Inc.


Edmark Corporation


El Camino Resources International, Inc.


Electronic Arts Inc.


Electronic Data Systems Corporation


Electronics for Imaging, Inc.


Encore Computer Corporation


Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. (ESRI)


Epic Systems Corporation


Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation


Exabyte Corporation


Experian Information Solutions Inc.


F5 Networks, Inc.


FORE Systems, Inc.


FactSet Research Systems Inc.


Franklin Electronic Publishers, Inc.


Franz Inc.


Fujitsu Limited


Fujitsu-ICL Systems Inc.


Future Now, Inc.


GEAC Computer Corporation Ltd.


GFI Informatique SA


GSI Commerce, Inc.


GT Interactive Software


Gartner Group, Inc.


Gateway, Inc.


Gericom AG


Getronics NV


Global Imaging Systems, Inc.


Google, Inc.


Guthy-Renker Corporation


Handspring Inc.


Hyperion Software Corporation


Hyperion Solutions Corporation


IDX Systems Corporation


IKON Office Solutions, Inc.


IONA Technologies plc


Identix Inc.


Imation Corporation


Indus International Inc.


Infineon Technologies AG


Information Access Company


Information Builders, Inc.


Information Resources, Inc.


Informix Corporation


Infosys Technologies Ltd.


Inktomi Corporation


Input/Output, Inc.


Inso Corporation


IntelliCorp, Inc.


Intergraph Corporation


International Business Machines Corporation


Intrado Inc.


Intuit Inc.


Iomega Corporation


J.D. Edwards & Company


Jack Henry and Associates, Inc.


Janus Capital Group Inc.


Juniper Networks, Inc.


Juno Online Services, Inc.


Jupitermedia Corporation


KLA Instruments Corporation


Kana Software, Inc.


Keane, Inc.


Kintera, Inc.


Knight Ridder, Inc.


KnowledgeWare Inc.


Komag, Inc.


Kronos, Inc.


Kurzweil Technologies, Inc.


LEXIS-NEXIS Group


LaCie Group S.A.


Landauer, Inc.


Lason, Inc.


Lawson Software


Learning Tree International Inc.


Legent Corporation


LoJack Corporation


Logica plc


Logicon Inc.


Logitech International S.A.


Logitech International SA


Lotus Development Corporation


MAPICS, Inc.


MITRE Corporation


Macromedia, Inc.


Madge Networks N.V.


Magma Design Automation Inc.


Maxtor Corporation


Mead Data Central, Inc.


Mecklermedia Corporation


Medical Information Technology Inc.


Mentor Graphics Corporation


Mercury Interactive Corporation


Merisel, Inc.


Metatec International, Inc.


Metro Information Services, Inc.


Micro Warehouse, Inc.


Micron Technology, Inc.


Micros Systems, Inc.


Microsoft Corporation


Misys PLC


Misys plc


Moldflow Corporation


Morningstar Inc.


NAVTEQ Corporation


NCR Corporation


NFO Worldwide, Inc.


NVIDIA Corporation


National TechTeam, Inc.


Navarre Corporation


NetIQ Corporation


Netezza Corporation


Netscape Communications Corporation


Network Appliance, Inc.


Network Associates, Inc.


Nichols Research Corporation


Nimbus CD International, Inc.


Novell, Inc.


Odetics Inc.


Onyx Software Corporation


Open Text Corporation


Opsware Inc.


Oracle Corporation


Orbitz, Inc.


PC Connection, Inc.


PLATINUM Technology, Inc.


Packard Bell Electronics, Inc.


Packeteer, Inc.


Parametric Technology Corp.


Pegasus Solutions, Inc.


PeopleSoft Inc.


Perot Systems Corporation


Phillips International, Inc.


Policy Management Systems Corporation


Policy Studies, Inc.


Portal Software, Inc.


Primark Corp.


Printrak, A Motorola Company


Printronix, Inc.


Prodigy Communications Corporation


Programmer's Paradise, Inc.


Progress Software Corporation


Psion PLC


Quality Systems, Inc.


Quantum Corporation


Quark, Inc.


RCM Technologies, Inc.


RSA Security Inc.


RWD Technologies, Inc.


Racal-Datacom Inc.


Rayovac Corporation


Razorfish, Inc.


RealNetworks, Inc.


Red Hat, Inc.


Remedy Corporation


Reuters Group PLC


Reuters Holdings PLC


Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Inc.


SABRE Group Holdings, Inc.


SAP AG


SAS Institute Inc.


SBS Technologies, Inc.


SCB Computer Technology, Inc.


SDL PLC


SINA Corporation


SPSS Inc.


SRA International, Inc.


SYNNEX Corporation


Schawk, Inc.


Siebel Systems, Inc.


Sierra On-Line Inc.


Sierra On-Line, Inc.


SilverPlatter Information Inc.


SkillSoft Public Limited Company


SmartForce PLC


Softbank Corp.


Softbank Corporation


Sonic Solutions, Inc.


Specialist Computer Holdings Ltd.


Standard Microsystems Corporation


Steria SA


Sterling Software, Inc.


Stratus Computer, Inc.


Sun Microsystems, Inc.


SunGard Data Systems Inc.


Sybase, Inc.


Sykes Enterprises, Inc.


Symantec Corporation


Symbol Technologies, Inc.


Synopsis, Inc.


Synopsys, Inc.


System Software Associates, Inc.


Systems & Computer Technology Corp.


T-Online International AG


TIBCO Software Inc.


TenFold Corporation


Terra Lycos, Inc.


The 3DO Company


The Arbitron Company


The Associated Press


The Judge Group, Inc.


The Learning Company Inc.


The MacNeal-Schwendler Corporation


The MathWorks, Inc.


The Motley Fool, Inc.


The Princeton Review, Inc.


The Reynolds and Reynolds Company


The SCO Group Inc.


The Sage Group


The Santa Cruz Operation, Inc.


The Thomson Corporation


Timberline Software Corporation


TomTom N.V.


Traffix, Inc.


Transaction Systems Architects, Inc.


Transiciel SA


Triple P N.V.


Tucows Inc.


UUNET


Ubi Soft Entertainment S.A.


Unica Corporation


Unilog SA


Unisys Corporation


United Business Media plc


United Online, Inc.


United Press International, Inc.


VASCO Data Security International, Inc.


Verbatim Corporation


VeriFone Holdings, Inc.


VeriFone, Inc.


VeriSign, Inc.


Veridian Corporation


Verint Systems Inc.


Veritas Software Corporation


Verity Inc.


Viasoft Inc.


Volt Information Sciences Inc.


Wanadoo S.A.


WebEx Communications, Inc.


WebMD Corporation


West Group


Westcon Group, Inc.


Western Digital Corp.


Wind River Systems, Inc.


Wipro Limited


Wolters Kluwer NV


WordPerfect Corporation


Wyse Technology, Inc.


Xilinx, Inc.


Yahoo! Inc.


Zapata Corporation


Zilog, Inc.


aQuantive, Inc.


salesforce.com, Inc.
















Oracle Hyperion - Wikipedia






















 






Oracle Hyperion

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hyperion Solutions)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with the Amiga-focused software company Hyperion Entertainment.

Oracle Hyperion





Type

Public (NASDAQ: HYSL)


Industry
Business Performance Management and Business Intelligence


Fate
Acquisition


Founded
1981


Headquarters
Santa Clara, California, United States



Key people

Godfrey R. Sullivan, President and Chief Executive Officer


Revenue
$765.2 million USD (2006)


Owner
Oracle Corporation



Number of employees

2,607 (2005)


Website
www.hyperion.com


Hyperion Solutions Corporation was a software company located in Santa Clara, California, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in 2007. Many of its products were targeted at the business intelligence (BI) and business performance management markets, and as of 2013[update] were developed and sold as Oracle Hyperion products. Hyperion Solutions was formed from the merger of Hyperion Software (formerly IMRS) and Arbor Software in 1998.




Hyperion office in Santa Clara





Contents


1 History
2 Market

2.1 Consolidation


3 Products
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]

1981 - IMRS founded by Bob Thomson and Marco Arese, and launches financial and management consolidation software called 'Micro Control' in 1983
1985 - IMRS hires Jim Perakis as CEO; he remains in this position during growth from $1M to almost $300M[citation needed]
1991 - IMRS becomes a public company and launches a Windows-based successor to 'Micro Control' called 'Hyperion'
1992 - Arbor Software ships first version of Essbase Online Analytical processing OLAP software
1995 - Due to the success of the "Hyperion" product IMRS changes name to "Hyperion Software Corporation" and the name of the product is changed to "Hyperion Enterprise." Arbor becomes a publicly held company[1]
1997 - Arbor acquires Appsource[2]
1998 - Hyperion Software merges with Arbor and the combined company is renamed Hyperion Solutions[3]
1999 - Jeffrey Rodek named as Hyperion Chairman and CEO of Hyperion. Hyperion acquires Sapling Corporation (Enterprise Performance Management applications)
2001 - Godfrey Sullivan is named Hyperion President and COO
2003 - Hyperion acquires Brio Technology and The Alcar Group
2004 - Hyperion names Jeffrey Rodek Executive Chairman; Godfrey Sullivan President and CEO
2005 - Hyperion acquires Razza Solutions (Master data management)[4] and appoints Northdoor as a reseller in the UK and Ireland.[5]
2006 - Hyperion acquires UpStream (Financial Data Quality Management)[6]
2006 - Hyperion acquires Beatware (Data visualization for Web and Mobile Devices)[7]
2007 - Hyperion acquired Decisioneering (Crystal Ball software).[8]

Oracle Corporation announced on March 1, 2007 it had agreed to purchase Hyperion Solutions Corporation for $3.3 billion in cash.[9][10] The transaction was completed on April 18, 2007 and Hyperion now operates as a division of Oracle.[11] Oracle extended support for most Hyperion products (v11.1.2.x) to 2018.[12] Hyperion BI tools were bundled into Oracle Business Intelligence Suite Enterprise Edition.
Market[edit]
Vendors in the business intelligence space are often categorized into:

The consolidated big four "megavendors", which include Oracle Hyperion as well as SAP BusinessObjects, IBM Cognos, and Microsoft BI.[13]
The independent "pure-play" vendors, the largest being MicroStrategy, Tableau, QlikView and SAS.[14]

Consolidation[edit]
Group consolidation specialize for finance users are a specialization of BI market. Microsoft Excel is the market leader in this area. The increase in level of Multiway Data Analysis correlate with the cost and time of consolidation. Hyperion Enterprise and Oracle HFM are examples of application to support more complex consolidation requirements.
BI market surveys and analyses include:

Gartner's BI Magic Quadrant - In 2007, Gartner placed Hyperion in its "Leader" quadrant for both Business Intelligence Platforms and Corporate Performance Management.
Business Application Research Center (BARC)'s The BI Survey and The BI Verdict (formerly The OLAP Report)[15]

Products[edit]
Hyperion software products included:

Essbase
Hyperion Intelligence and SQR Production Reporting (products acquired in 2003 takeover of Brio Technology)
Hyperion Enterprise
Hyperion Planning
Hyperion Strategic Finance
Hyperion Financial Data Management
Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect
Hyperion Financial Close Management
Hyperion Disclosure Management
Hyperion Performance Scorecard
Hyperion Business Modelling
Hyperion Financial Management
Hyperion Master Data Management/Oracle Data Relationship Management
Hyperion Financial Reporting
Hyperion Web Analysis
Hyperion SmartView
Hyperion EPM Workspace
Hyperion Profitability and Cost Management
Hyperion System 9 BI+ (a combination of Interactive Reporting, SQR, Web Analysis, Financial Reporting, EPM Workspace and SmartView)
Hyperion Financial Data Quality Management (Also referred to as FDM EE)
Hyperion Tax Provision
Planning Budgeting Cloud Service
Enterprise Performance Reporting Cloud Service

References[edit]


^ Willis, Clint (1998-05-10). "Buried Treasures". Forbes. 
^ "Hyperion Spins Off Appsource; Goes For Ms Olap Space". Findarticles.com. 1999-02-09. Retrieved 2011-07-11. 
^ Luening, Erich (May 26, 1998). "Arbor Software, Hyperion merge". CNET News. 
^ "Hyperion Acquires Razza Solutions; Delivers Master Data Management for Business Performance Management". Information Management. January 26, 2005. 
^ "Hyperion Appoints Northdoor To Distribute Entire Business Performance Management Portfolio". SourceWire. Retrieved 2012-10-02. 
^ Havenstein, Heather (April 20, 2006). "Hyperion to acquire data-quality vendor UpStream Software". Computerworld. 
^ "Q2 2007 Hyperion Earnings Conference Call". January 23, 2007. 
^ "Hyperion to Acquire Decisioneering". Information Management. January 24, 2007. 
^ [1] Archived March 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oracle Buys Enterprise Performance Management Leader Hyperion Archived September 21, 2016, at the Wayback Machine., March 1, 2007, Oracle Press Release
^ [2] Archived May 14, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Oracle Lifetime Support Policy" (PDF). September 2013. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (April 12, 2008). "How To Choose Among The Four Bright Lights Of BI". InformationWeek. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (November 12, 2007). "What IBM's Cognos Acquisition Means For The BI Market And Its Customers". 
^ "The BI Survey 9". Retrieved October 19, 2010. 


External links[edit]

Official website
The Hyperion Developer Network
Hyperion Press Kit







v
t
e


Oracle Corporation



Corporate directors



Jeffrey Berg
H. Raymond Bingham
Michael Boskin
Safra A. Catz
Larry Ellison
Héctor García-Molina
Joseph Grundfest
Jeffrey O. Henley
Mark Hurd
Jack F. Kemp
Donald L. Lucas
Naomi O. Seligman





Acquisitions (list)



Sun
PeopleSoft
Hyperion
Siebel
BEA
JD Edwards
RightNow
Virtual Iron
TimesTen
Sunopsis
NetSuite





DBMS



Oracle Database
MySQL
InnoDB
Berkeley DB
TimesTen
Rdb
Essbase





Programming languages



Java
PL/SQL





IDE



JDeveloper
Forms
NetBeans
Apex
SQL Developer
Developer Studio





Middleware



Fusion Middleware
WebCenter
SOA Suite
WebLogic Server
Coherence
Tuxedo
GlassFish





Operating systems



Oracle Linux
Oracle Solaris





Computer hardware



Sun Fire
SPARC (T-Series, Enterprise)
StorageTek





Computer appliances



Oracle Exadata
Oracle Exalogic
Big Data Appliance





Education and recognition



Oracle Certification Program








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oracle_Hyperion&oldid=770788986"					
Categories: Computer companies of the United StatesSoftware companies based in CaliforniaDefunct software companiesOracle acquisitionsBusiness software companiesCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNederlandsPortuguês 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 March 2017, at 16:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oracle Hyperion - Wikipedia






















 






Oracle Hyperion

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hyperion Solutions)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with the Amiga-focused software company Hyperion Entertainment.

Oracle Hyperion





Type

Public (NASDAQ: HYSL)


Industry
Business Performance Management and Business Intelligence


Fate
Acquisition


Founded
1981


Headquarters
Santa Clara, California, United States



Key people

Godfrey R. Sullivan, President and Chief Executive Officer


Revenue
$765.2 million USD (2006)


Owner
Oracle Corporation



Number of employees

2,607 (2005)


Website
www.hyperion.com


Hyperion Solutions Corporation was a software company located in Santa Clara, California, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in 2007. Many of its products were targeted at the business intelligence (BI) and business performance management markets, and as of 2013[update] were developed and sold as Oracle Hyperion products. Hyperion Solutions was formed from the merger of Hyperion Software (formerly IMRS) and Arbor Software in 1998.




Hyperion office in Santa Clara





Contents


1 History
2 Market

2.1 Consolidation


3 Products
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]

1981 - IMRS founded by Bob Thomson and Marco Arese, and launches financial and management consolidation software called 'Micro Control' in 1983
1985 - IMRS hires Jim Perakis as CEO; he remains in this position during growth from $1M to almost $300M[citation needed]
1991 - IMRS becomes a public company and launches a Windows-based successor to 'Micro Control' called 'Hyperion'
1992 - Arbor Software ships first version of Essbase Online Analytical processing OLAP software
1995 - Due to the success of the "Hyperion" product IMRS changes name to "Hyperion Software Corporation" and the name of the product is changed to "Hyperion Enterprise." Arbor becomes a publicly held company[1]
1997 - Arbor acquires Appsource[2]
1998 - Hyperion Software merges with Arbor and the combined company is renamed Hyperion Solutions[3]
1999 - Jeffrey Rodek named as Hyperion Chairman and CEO of Hyperion. Hyperion acquires Sapling Corporation (Enterprise Performance Management applications)
2001 - Godfrey Sullivan is named Hyperion President and COO
2003 - Hyperion acquires Brio Technology and The Alcar Group
2004 - Hyperion names Jeffrey Rodek Executive Chairman; Godfrey Sullivan President and CEO
2005 - Hyperion acquires Razza Solutions (Master data management)[4] and appoints Northdoor as a reseller in the UK and Ireland.[5]
2006 - Hyperion acquires UpStream (Financial Data Quality Management)[6]
2006 - Hyperion acquires Beatware (Data visualization for Web and Mobile Devices)[7]
2007 - Hyperion acquired Decisioneering (Crystal Ball software).[8]

Oracle Corporation announced on March 1, 2007 it had agreed to purchase Hyperion Solutions Corporation for $3.3 billion in cash.[9][10] The transaction was completed on April 18, 2007 and Hyperion now operates as a division of Oracle.[11] Oracle extended support for most Hyperion products (v11.1.2.x) to 2018.[12] Hyperion BI tools were bundled into Oracle Business Intelligence Suite Enterprise Edition.
Market[edit]
Vendors in the business intelligence space are often categorized into:

The consolidated big four "megavendors", which include Oracle Hyperion as well as SAP BusinessObjects, IBM Cognos, and Microsoft BI.[13]
The independent "pure-play" vendors, the largest being MicroStrategy, Tableau, QlikView and SAS.[14]

Consolidation[edit]
Group consolidation specialize for finance users are a specialization of BI market. Microsoft Excel is the market leader in this area. The increase in level of Multiway Data Analysis correlate with the cost and time of consolidation. Hyperion Enterprise and Oracle HFM are examples of application to support more complex consolidation requirements.
BI market surveys and analyses include:

Gartner's BI Magic Quadrant - In 2007, Gartner placed Hyperion in its "Leader" quadrant for both Business Intelligence Platforms and Corporate Performance Management.
Business Application Research Center (BARC)'s The BI Survey and The BI Verdict (formerly The OLAP Report)[15]

Products[edit]
Hyperion software products included:

Essbase
Hyperion Intelligence and SQR Production Reporting (products acquired in 2003 takeover of Brio Technology)
Hyperion Enterprise
Hyperion Planning
Hyperion Strategic Finance
Hyperion Financial Data Management
Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect
Hyperion Financial Close Management
Hyperion Disclosure Management
Hyperion Performance Scorecard
Hyperion Business Modelling
Hyperion Financial Management
Hyperion Master Data Management/Oracle Data Relationship Management
Hyperion Financial Reporting
Hyperion Web Analysis
Hyperion SmartView
Hyperion EPM Workspace
Hyperion Profitability and Cost Management
Hyperion System 9 BI+ (a combination of Interactive Reporting, SQR, Web Analysis, Financial Reporting, EPM Workspace and SmartView)
Hyperion Financial Data Quality Management (Also referred to as FDM EE)
Hyperion Tax Provision
Planning Budgeting Cloud Service
Enterprise Performance Reporting Cloud Service

References[edit]


^ Willis, Clint (1998-05-10). "Buried Treasures". Forbes. 
^ "Hyperion Spins Off Appsource; Goes For Ms Olap Space". Findarticles.com. 1999-02-09. Retrieved 2011-07-11. 
^ Luening, Erich (May 26, 1998). "Arbor Software, Hyperion merge". CNET News. 
^ "Hyperion Acquires Razza Solutions; Delivers Master Data Management for Business Performance Management". Information Management. January 26, 2005. 
^ "Hyperion Appoints Northdoor To Distribute Entire Business Performance Management Portfolio". SourceWire. Retrieved 2012-10-02. 
^ Havenstein, Heather (April 20, 2006). "Hyperion to acquire data-quality vendor UpStream Software". Computerworld. 
^ "Q2 2007 Hyperion Earnings Conference Call". January 23, 2007. 
^ "Hyperion to Acquire Decisioneering". Information Management. January 24, 2007. 
^ [1] Archived March 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oracle Buys Enterprise Performance Management Leader Hyperion Archived September 21, 2016, at the Wayback Machine., March 1, 2007, Oracle Press Release
^ [2] Archived May 14, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Oracle Lifetime Support Policy" (PDF). September 2013. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (April 12, 2008). "How To Choose Among The Four Bright Lights Of BI". InformationWeek. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (November 12, 2007). "What IBM's Cognos Acquisition Means For The BI Market And Its Customers". 
^ "The BI Survey 9". Retrieved October 19, 2010. 


External links[edit]

Official website
The Hyperion Developer Network
Hyperion Press Kit







v
t
e


Oracle Corporation



Corporate directors



Jeffrey Berg
H. Raymond Bingham
Michael Boskin
Safra A. Catz
Larry Ellison
Héctor García-Molina
Joseph Grundfest
Jeffrey O. Henley
Mark Hurd
Jack F. Kemp
Donald L. Lucas
Naomi O. Seligman





Acquisitions (list)



Sun
PeopleSoft
Hyperion
Siebel
BEA
JD Edwards
RightNow
Virtual Iron
TimesTen
Sunopsis
NetSuite





DBMS



Oracle Database
MySQL
InnoDB
Berkeley DB
TimesTen
Rdb
Essbase





Programming languages



Java
PL/SQL





IDE



JDeveloper
Forms
NetBeans
Apex
SQL Developer
Developer Studio





Middleware



Fusion Middleware
WebCenter
SOA Suite
WebLogic Server
Coherence
Tuxedo
GlassFish





Operating systems



Oracle Linux
Oracle Solaris





Computer hardware



Sun Fire
SPARC (T-Series, Enterprise)
StorageTek





Computer appliances



Oracle Exadata
Oracle Exalogic
Big Data Appliance





Education and recognition



Oracle Certification Program








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oracle_Hyperion&oldid=770788986"					
Categories: Computer companies of the United StatesSoftware companies based in CaliforniaDefunct software companiesOracle acquisitionsBusiness software companiesCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNederlandsPortuguês 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 March 2017, at 16:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oracle Hyperion - Wikipedia






















 






Oracle Hyperion

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Hyperion Solutions)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with the Amiga-focused software company Hyperion Entertainment.

Oracle Hyperion





Type

Public (NASDAQ: HYSL)


Industry
Business Performance Management and Business Intelligence


Fate
Acquisition


Founded
1981


Headquarters
Santa Clara, California, United States



Key people

Godfrey R. Sullivan, President and Chief Executive Officer


Revenue
$765.2 million USD (2006)


Owner
Oracle Corporation



Number of employees

2,607 (2005)


Website
www.hyperion.com


Hyperion Solutions Corporation was a software company located in Santa Clara, California, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in 2007. Many of its products were targeted at the business intelligence (BI) and business performance management markets, and as of 2013[update] were developed and sold as Oracle Hyperion products. Hyperion Solutions was formed from the merger of Hyperion Software (formerly IMRS) and Arbor Software in 1998.




Hyperion office in Santa Clara





Contents


1 History
2 Market

2.1 Consolidation


3 Products
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]

1981 - IMRS founded by Bob Thomson and Marco Arese, and launches financial and management consolidation software called 'Micro Control' in 1983
1985 - IMRS hires Jim Perakis as CEO; he remains in this position during growth from $1M to almost $300M[citation needed]
1991 - IMRS becomes a public company and launches a Windows-based successor to 'Micro Control' called 'Hyperion'
1992 - Arbor Software ships first version of Essbase Online Analytical processing OLAP software
1995 - Due to the success of the "Hyperion" product IMRS changes name to "Hyperion Software Corporation" and the name of the product is changed to "Hyperion Enterprise." Arbor becomes a publicly held company[1]
1997 - Arbor acquires Appsource[2]
1998 - Hyperion Software merges with Arbor and the combined company is renamed Hyperion Solutions[3]
1999 - Jeffrey Rodek named as Hyperion Chairman and CEO of Hyperion. Hyperion acquires Sapling Corporation (Enterprise Performance Management applications)
2001 - Godfrey Sullivan is named Hyperion President and COO
2003 - Hyperion acquires Brio Technology and The Alcar Group
2004 - Hyperion names Jeffrey Rodek Executive Chairman; Godfrey Sullivan President and CEO
2005 - Hyperion acquires Razza Solutions (Master data management)[4] and appoints Northdoor as a reseller in the UK and Ireland.[5]
2006 - Hyperion acquires UpStream (Financial Data Quality Management)[6]
2006 - Hyperion acquires Beatware (Data visualization for Web and Mobile Devices)[7]
2007 - Hyperion acquired Decisioneering (Crystal Ball software).[8]

Oracle Corporation announced on March 1, 2007 it had agreed to purchase Hyperion Solutions Corporation for $3.3 billion in cash.[9][10] The transaction was completed on April 18, 2007 and Hyperion now operates as a division of Oracle.[11] Oracle extended support for most Hyperion products (v11.1.2.x) to 2018.[12] Hyperion BI tools were bundled into Oracle Business Intelligence Suite Enterprise Edition.
Market[edit]
Vendors in the business intelligence space are often categorized into:

The consolidated big four "megavendors", which include Oracle Hyperion as well as SAP BusinessObjects, IBM Cognos, and Microsoft BI.[13]
The independent "pure-play" vendors, the largest being MicroStrategy, Tableau, QlikView and SAS.[14]

Consolidation[edit]
Group consolidation specialize for finance users are a specialization of BI market. Microsoft Excel is the market leader in this area. The increase in level of Multiway Data Analysis correlate with the cost and time of consolidation. Hyperion Enterprise and Oracle HFM are examples of application to support more complex consolidation requirements.
BI market surveys and analyses include:

Gartner's BI Magic Quadrant - In 2007, Gartner placed Hyperion in its "Leader" quadrant for both Business Intelligence Platforms and Corporate Performance Management.
Business Application Research Center (BARC)'s The BI Survey and The BI Verdict (formerly The OLAP Report)[15]

Products[edit]
Hyperion software products included:

Essbase
Hyperion Intelligence and SQR Production Reporting (products acquired in 2003 takeover of Brio Technology)
Hyperion Enterprise
Hyperion Planning
Hyperion Strategic Finance
Hyperion Financial Data Management
Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Architect
Hyperion Financial Close Management
Hyperion Disclosure Management
Hyperion Performance Scorecard
Hyperion Business Modelling
Hyperion Financial Management
Hyperion Master Data Management/Oracle Data Relationship Management
Hyperion Financial Reporting
Hyperion Web Analysis
Hyperion SmartView
Hyperion EPM Workspace
Hyperion Profitability and Cost Management
Hyperion System 9 BI+ (a combination of Interactive Reporting, SQR, Web Analysis, Financial Reporting, EPM Workspace and SmartView)
Hyperion Financial Data Quality Management (Also referred to as FDM EE)
Hyperion Tax Provision
Planning Budgeting Cloud Service
Enterprise Performance Reporting Cloud Service

References[edit]


^ Willis, Clint (1998-05-10). "Buried Treasures". Forbes. 
^ "Hyperion Spins Off Appsource; Goes For Ms Olap Space". Findarticles.com. 1999-02-09. Retrieved 2011-07-11. 
^ Luening, Erich (May 26, 1998). "Arbor Software, Hyperion merge". CNET News. 
^ "Hyperion Acquires Razza Solutions; Delivers Master Data Management for Business Performance Management". Information Management. January 26, 2005. 
^ "Hyperion Appoints Northdoor To Distribute Entire Business Performance Management Portfolio". SourceWire. Retrieved 2012-10-02. 
^ Havenstein, Heather (April 20, 2006). "Hyperion to acquire data-quality vendor UpStream Software". Computerworld. 
^ "Q2 2007 Hyperion Earnings Conference Call". January 23, 2007. 
^ "Hyperion to Acquire Decisioneering". Information Management. January 24, 2007. 
^ [1] Archived March 3, 2007, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Oracle Buys Enterprise Performance Management Leader Hyperion Archived September 21, 2016, at the Wayback Machine., March 1, 2007, Oracle Press Release
^ [2] Archived May 14, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Oracle Lifetime Support Policy" (PDF). September 2013. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (April 12, 2008). "How To Choose Among The Four Bright Lights Of BI". InformationWeek. 
^ Weier, Mary Hayes (November 12, 2007). "What IBM's Cognos Acquisition Means For The BI Market And Its Customers". 
^ "The BI Survey 9". Retrieved October 19, 2010. 


External links[edit]

Official website
The Hyperion Developer Network
Hyperion Press Kit







v
t
e


Oracle Corporation



Corporate directors



Jeffrey Berg
H. Raymond Bingham
Michael Boskin
Safra A. Catz
Larry Ellison
Héctor García-Molina
Joseph Grundfest
Jeffrey O. Henley
Mark Hurd
Jack F. Kemp
Donald L. Lucas
Naomi O. Seligman





Acquisitions (list)



Sun
PeopleSoft
Hyperion
Siebel
BEA
JD Edwards
RightNow
Virtual Iron
TimesTen
Sunopsis
NetSuite





DBMS



Oracle Database
MySQL
InnoDB
Berkeley DB
TimesTen
Rdb
Essbase





Programming languages



Java
PL/SQL





IDE



JDeveloper
Forms
NetBeans
Apex
SQL Developer
Developer Studio





Middleware



Fusion Middleware
WebCenter
SOA Suite
WebLogic Server
Coherence
Tuxedo
GlassFish





Operating systems



Oracle Linux
Oracle Solaris





Computer hardware



Sun Fire
SPARC (T-Series, Enterprise)
StorageTek





Computer appliances



Oracle Exadata
Oracle Exalogic
Big Data Appliance





Education and recognition



Oracle Certification Program








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oracle_Hyperion&oldid=770788986"					
Categories: Computer companies of the United StatesSoftware companies based in CaliforniaDefunct software companiesOracle acquisitionsBusiness software companiesCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNederlandsPortuguês 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 March 2017, at 16:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Horizon Pharma plc to Acquire Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc. for $46.00 per Share or $1.1 Billion in Cash (NASDAQ:HZNP)























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Mar 30, 2015



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Horizon Pharma plc to Acquire Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc. for $46.00 per Share or $1.1 Billion in Cash
Addition of RAVICTI(R) (Glycerol Phenylbutyrate) Oral Liquid and BUPHENYL(R) (Sodium Phenylbutyrate) Tablets and Powder Significantly Expands Horizon's Orphan Business; Transaction Is Expected to Be Immediately Accretive to Adjusted Earnings Per Share and Contribute Approximately $100 Million in Adjusted EBITDA in 2016; Conference Call Today at 8 A.M. ET to Discuss Transaction

DUBLIN, IRELAND and BRISBANE, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 03/30/15 -- 

Horizon Pharma plc (NASDAQ: HZNP) and Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HPTX) today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Horizon Pharma will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Hyperion's common stock for $46.00 per share in cash or approximately $1.1 billion on a fully diluted basis. The per share consideration represents a premium of approximately 35 percent to Hyperion's volume weighted average price for the trailing 60-days. The proposed transaction has been unanimously approved by both companies' boards of directors. 
"The Hyperion acquisition will expand and diversify our product portfolio by adding two complementary orphan disease products, RAVICTI and BUPHENYL, and leverage as well as expand the existing infrastructure of our orphan disease business," said Timothy P. Walbert, chairman, president and chief executive officer, Horizon Pharma plc. "This transaction will be immediately accretive to adjusted EPS and we expect the contribution of RAVICTI and BUPHENYL in 2016 will add approximately $100 million to our adjusted EBITDA, including cost synergies contributing greater than $50 million. Additionally, this acquisition further accelerates our near- and long-term sales and adjusted EBITDA growth and provides significant value for both Horizon and Hyperion 
shareholders." 
"During the last two years, we have solidified our position in the orphan disease space and made significant progress in bringing life-changing medicines to people with urea cycle disorders," said Donald J. Santel, president and chief executive officer, Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc. "I would like to thank my colleagues for their tireless commitment to advancing the clinical development and understanding of RAVICTI, BUPHENYL and urea cycle disorders. Horizon shares our commitment and I'm confident that the strength of its existing orphan business unit will continue to expand the reach of these important medicines to more patients impacted by these disorders."
Strategic and financial benefits of the transaction: 

Increases the number of Horizon's products from five to seven, with the addition of RAVICTI and BUPHENYL to Horizon's orphan business unit, providing additional revenue diversification

            
Leverages Horizon's orphan business unit offering attractive revenue and operating synergies

            
Expected 2016 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $100 million from the acquired business with expected cost synergies of more than $50 million

RAVICTI and BUPHENYL are medicines for people with urea cycle disorders (UCDs), a collection of inherited metabolic disorders, which impact approximately 2,100 people in the United States with approximately 1,100 diagnosed. A marketing authorization application has been filed for European marketing of RAVICTI. The prevalence of UCD is similar in Europe and other international markets. 
Net sales of RAVICTI and BUPHENYL for Q4 2014 and full year 2014 were $30.8 million and $113.6 million, respectively.
Transaction Terms
The acquisition is structured as an all cash tender offer for all the issued and outstanding shares of Hyperion common stock at a price of $46.00 per share followed by a merger in which each remaining untendered share of Hyperion common stock would be converted into the $46.00 per share cash consideration paid in the tender offer.
Horizon has entered into agreements with certain stockholders of Hyperion, including certain members of the Hyperion management team and certain funds affiliated with members of the Hyperion board of directors, pursuant to which each of these stockholders has agreed to tender the Hyperion common shares owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder, which in the aggregate represent approximately 21 percent of the outstanding Hyperion common shares as of the date of the agreements.
Closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions, including the tender of a majority of the outstanding Hyperion shares and expiration or termination of the HSR waiting period. It is anticipated that the transaction will close in the second quarter of 2015. 
Financing
Horizon has secured $900 million in debt commitments from Citigroup Global Capital Markets Inc. and Jefferies LLC, which in addition to Horizon's cash and cash equivalents, is available to finance the transaction, repay Horizon's $300 million Senior Secured Credit Facility and pay fees as well as expenses related to the transaction. Horizon plans to replace a portion of the debt commitments through new debt issuances and the use of Hyperion's cash and cash equivalents.
Advisors
Jefferies LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Cowen and Company acted as advisors to Horizon Pharma in the transaction. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Jefferies LLC are initial lenders and lead arrangers for the debt commitments in place to finance the transaction. Horizon Pharma's legal advisors are Cooley LLP and McCann FitzGerald. 
Centerview Partners LLC acted as financial advisor and provided a fairness opinion to Hyperion and Shearman & Sterling LLP acted as legal advisor. Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. also provided financial advice to the board of Hyperion.
Conference Call Today at 8 A.M. ET
At 8 a.m. Eastern Time today, Horizon's management will host a conference call and live audio webcast to review the transaction and related matters. The live webcast and a replay may be accessed by visiting the investors section of Horizon's website at http://ir.horizon-pharma.com. Please connect to the company's website at least 15 minutes prior to the live webcast to ensure adequate time for any software download that may be needed to access the webcast. Alternatively, please call 888-338-8373 (U.S.) or 973-872-3000 (international) to listen to the conference call. The 
conference ID number for the live call is 17958843. Telephone replay will be available approximately two hours after the call. To access the replay, please call 855-859-2056 (U.S.) or 404-537-3406 (international). The conference ID number for the replay is 17958843. An archived version of the webcast will be available for at least one week on the investors section of Horizon's website at http://ir.horizon-pharma.com.
About Horizon Pharma plc
Horizon Pharma plc is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients' lives by identifying, developing, acquiring and commercializing differentiated products that address unmet medical needs. The company markets a portfolio of products in arthritis, inflammation and orphan diseases. The company's U.S. marketed products are ACTIMMUNE® (interferon gamma-1b), DUEXIS® (ibuprofen/famotidine), PENNSAID® (diclofenac sodium topical solution) 2% w/w, RAYOS® (prednisone) delayed-release tablets and VIMOVO® (naproxen/esomeprazole magnesium). Horizon's global headquarters are in Dublin, Ireland. For more information, please visit www.horizonpharma.com.
About Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc.
Hyperion Therapeutics is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to developing and delivering life-changing treatments for orphan diseases. The company's first commercial product, RAVICTI® (glycerol phenylbutyrate) Oral Liquid, was approved in February 2013 and is currently being marketed in the United States. The company also owns worldwide rights to BUPHENYL® (sodium phenylbutyrate) Tablets and Powder, which it markets in the United States. BUPHENYL is also marketed internationally through business partners. In addition, the company is developing RAVICTI for the potential treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. For more information, please visit www.hyperiontx.com. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements related to Horizon's anticipated acquisition of Hyperion and the timing and benefits thereof, estimated future financial results and performance of RAVICTI and BUPHENYL and Horizon's business as a whole, Horizon's financing plans, the combined company's strategy, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, anticipated product portfolio, and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on Horizon's current expectations and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to Horizon's ability to complete the 
acquisition on the proposed terms and schedule; whether Horizon or Hyperion will be able to satisfy their respective closing conditions related to the acquisition; whether sufficient Hyperion stockholders tender their shares in the acquisition; whether Horizon will obtain financing for the transaction on the expected timeline and terms; the outcome of legal proceedings that may be instituted against Hyperion and/or others relating to the acquisition; the possibility that competing offers will be made; risks associated with business combination transactions, such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully, that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not occur; risks related to future opportunities and plans for the combined company, including uncertainty of the expected 
financial performance and results of the combined company following completion of the proposed acquisition; disruption from the proposed acquisition, making it more difficult to conduct business as usual or maintain relationships with customers, employees or suppliers; and the possibility that if the combined company does not achieve the perceived benefits of the proposed acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, the market price of Horizon's shares could decline, as well as other risks related to the Horizon and Hyperion businesses, including the ability to grow sales and revenues from existing products; competition, including potential generic competition; the ability to protect intellectual property and defend patents; regulatory obligations and oversight; and those risks detailed from time-to-time under the caption "Risk Factors" and 
elsewhere in Horizon's and Hyperion's respective SEC filings and reports, including their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Horizon Pharma undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations.
Additional Information and Where to Find It
The tender offer described in this communication (the "Offer") has not yet commenced, and this communication is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of the common stock of Hyperion or any other securities. On the commencement date of the Offer, a tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including an offer to purchase, a letter of transmittal and related documents, will be filed with the SEC by Horizon and a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 will be filed with the SEC by Hyperion. The offer to purchase shares of Hyperion common stock will only be made pursuant to the offer to purchase, the letter of transmittal and related documents filed as a part of the Schedule TO. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ BOTH THE TENDER OFFER STATEMENT AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT 
REGARDING THE OFFER, AS THEY MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. The tender offer statement will be filed with the SEC by Ghrian Acquisition Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Horizon Pharma, Inc., which is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Horizon Pharma plc, and the solicitation/recommendation statement will be filed with the SEC by Hyperion. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of these statements (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or by 
directing such requests to the Information Agent for the Offer, which will be named in the tender offer statement.
Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
EBITDA, or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and adjusted EBITDA are used and provided by Horizon as non-GAAP financial measures. Adjustments to expected EBITDA related to RAVICTI and BUPHENYL exclude acquisition transaction related expenses, loss on debt extinguishment, as well as non-cash items such as stock compensation, depreciation and amortization, royalty accretion, non-cash interest expense, and other non-cash adjustments. Certain other special items or substantive events may also be included in the non-GAAP adjustments periodically when their magnitude is significant within the periods incurred. Horizon believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with the GAAP figures, can enhance an overall understanding of Horizon's financial performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are included with the intent of 
providing investors with a more complete understanding of Horizon's expected operational results and trends. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are among the indicators Horizon's management uses for planning and forecasting purposes and measuring the Company's performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The Company has not provided a reconciliation of expected 2016 adjusted EBITDA related to RAVICTI and BUPHENYL to a net income (loss) outlook because certain items that are a component of net income (loss) but not part of adjusted EBITDA, such as stock 
compensation and acquisition related expenses, cannot be reasonably projected, either due to the significant impact of changes in Horizon's stock price on stock compensation, or the variability associated with acquisition related expenses due to timing and other factors.
For full prescribing information refer to the individual product websites.

Contacts:


Company:
Robert F. Carey

Executive Vice President, Chief Business Officer
Email Contact


Investors:
Ami Bavishi
Burns McClellan
Email Contact


International Media:
Ray Gordon

Gordon MRM
Email Contact


U.S. Media:
Geoff Curtis

DJE Science
Email Contact

Source: Horizon Pharma plc

News Provided by Acquire Media







 


Horizon Pharma plc Completes Acquisition of Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HZNP)























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





May 7, 2015



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Horizon Pharma plc Completes Acquisition of Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc.

DUBLIN, IRELAND -- (Marketwired) -- 05/07/15 -- 

 Horizon Pharma plc (NASDAQ: HZNP), a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients' lives by identifying, developing, acquiring and commercializing differentiated and accessible medicines that address unmet medical needs, today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Hyperion Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HPTX).
The acquisition of Hyperion occurred through a merger under Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware following Horizon's successful tender for 86% of Hyperion's outstanding shares. As a result of the merger, all Hyperion shares that were not accepted for purchase in the tender offer (other than shares held by Hyperion and other than shares held by Hyperion stockholders who are entitled to and have properly demanded and perfected appraisal of such shares under Delaware law) were converted into the right to receive $46.00 per share in cash, without interest, less any applicable withholding of taxes, which is the same price that was paid in the tender offer. 
Hyperion has requested that NASDAQ file a Form 25 with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission causing the delisting of Hyperion's common stock from NASDAQ. Hyperion's common stock will cease trading prior to the opening of trading on May 8, 2015.
Strategic and financial benefits of the transaction: 

Increases the number of Horizon's products from five to seven, with the addition of RAVICTI® and BUPHENYL® to Horizon's orphan business unit, providing additional revenue diversification

            
Leverages Horizon's orphan business unit, offering attractive revenue and operating synergies

            
Expected 2016 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $100 million from the acquired business with expected cost synergies of more than $50 million


"This is a transformational transaction for Horizon Pharma and adds two important medicines, RAVICTI and BUPHENYL, which will help strengthen our orphan business and set the foundation for continued growth," said Timothy P. Walbert, chairman, president and chief executive officer, Horizon Pharma plc. "Above all else, Horizon Pharma is a 'patients first' company -- so our goal through the integration of these medicines into our portfolio is to ensure continued access for the patients receiving treatment and the physicians who treat them."
RAVICTI and BUPHENYL are medicines for people with urea cycle disorders (UCDs), a collection of inherited metabolic disorders, which impact more than 2,000 people in the United States, of which only half are diagnosed. A marketing authorization application has been filed for European marketing of RAVICTI. The prevalence of UCD is similar in Europe and other international markets. 
Net sales of RAVICTI and BUPHENYL for full year 2014 and Q1 2015 were $113.6 million and $31.2 million, respectively.
About Horizon Pharma plc 
Horizon Pharma plc is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients' lives by identifying, developing, acquiring and commercializing differentiated and accessible medicines that address unmet medical needs. The company markets seven medicines through its orphan, primary care and specialty business units. Horizon's global headquarters are in Dublin, Ireland. For more information, please visit www.horizonpharma.com.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements related to Horizon's expected benefits from the acquisition of Hyperion, projected financial results for the combined company and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on Horizon's current expectations and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks related to those associated with business combination transactions, such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully, that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the 
acquisition will not occur; risks related to future opportunities and plans for the combined company, including uncertainty of the expected financial performance and results of the combined company following completion of the proposed acquisition; and the possibility that if the combined company does not achieve the perceived benefits of the proposed acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, the market price of Horizon's shares could decline, as well as other risks related to the Horizon and Hyperion businesses, including the ability to grow sales and revenues from existing products; competition, including potential generic competition; the ability to protect intellectual property and defend patents; regulatory obligations and oversight; and those risks detailed from time-to-time under the caption "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in Horizon's and 
Hyperion's respective SEC filings and reports, including their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Horizon undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this presentation as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations.

Contacts:

Investors:

John Thomas

Executive Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations
Email Contact

U.S. Media:

Geoff Curtis

Group Vice President, Corporate Communications 
Email Contact

Ireland Media: 

Ray Gordon 

Gordon MRM 
Email Contact

Source: Horizon Pharma plc

News Provided by Acquire Media







 Oracle buys Hyperion for $3.3 billion - CNET












Applications
Oracle buys Hyperion for $3.3 billion
Hyperion's business intelligence and financial planning tools could be a lever to help pry customers from SAP.

by  


Dawn Kawamoto



March 1, 2007 11:41 AM PST

































 




























Oracle announced Thursday that it has agreed to buy Hyperion Solutions for $3.3 billion, in a move to expand in the area of performance management systems.
 
The acquisition is yet another multibillion-dollar deal in recent years for Oracle, which has shown a hunger for expanding quickly via mergers. The software maker acquired customer relationship management software maker Siebel Systems for $5.85 billion last year and archrival PeopleSoft for $10.3 billion in 2005.

While the PeopleSoft and Siebel acquisitions had product overlap to varying degrees with Oracle's existing business, the Hyperion deal is expected to have little redundancy, Oracle executives said in a conference call with analysts.

Hyperion sells business intelligence tools and financial applications to corporations. The company's software is used to analyze business data, such as sales history, and for financial planning and budgeting. 

It also provides "dashboards," or applications that visually represent how a company is performing on a set of measurements, such as improving customer response time or meeting a sales objective.

Oracle, too, provides business intelligence tools, but company watchers have expected it to make a large acquisition of a standalone business intelligence vendor to fill out its product line.

"The acquisition of Hyperion makes Oracle the category leader in the high-growth enterprise performance management market," Larry Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, said in a statement.





                            
                
                                
                                                
    


 
Oracle plans to team Hyperion's EPM software with its own Business Intelligence tools and analytic applications, creating an expanded performance management system that includes planning, budgeting, consolidation, operational analytics and compliance reporting.

The deal, set to close in April, is expected to generate an additional 1 cent per share to Oracle's non-GAAP earnings in fiscal 2008 and at least 4 cents per share in 2009.

Under the cash transaction, Oracle plans to pay $52 per share for every share of Hyperion's common stock. 

Oracle is also using the Hyperion acquisition to take aim at rival SAP, a leading maker of software for enterprise resource management. 

"Thousands of SAP customers rely on Hyperion as their financial consolidation, analysis and reporting system of record," Charles Phillips, Oracle president, said in a statement. "Now Oracle's Hyperion software will be the lens through which SAP's most important customers view and analyze their underlying SAP ERP data."SAP, however, countered that the Hyperion acquisition will lead to more confusion among Oracle customers.

"Oracle's strategy, limited by its inability to grow on its own, has resorted to attempting to acquire customers. This latest acquisition only further muddies Oracle's already cluttered application landscape," Bill Wohl, an SAP spokesman, said in a statement. "The Hyperion deal is one more way that Oracle attempts to hide the fact that applications is not its core business, whereas applications has been, and will continue to be, SAP's core business."



Ray Wang, a Forrester Research analyst, said: "Oracle has typically sold to CIOs, whereas SAP has typically targeted CFOs. Now, with the Hyperion acquisition, Oracle will have an easier time selling to the business side of the house, like CFOs." 
The Hyperion acquisition will give Oracle about a 15 percent market share of the business performance solutions market, which is led by SAS, Cognos and BusinessObjects, Wang said. 

Forrester estimates that the business performance solutions market will grow by 11 percent through 2010.


 
Wall Street cheered the deal, sending Oracle's shares up more than 3 percent in early morning trading to $16.95--despite a decline in the broader markets.

Hyperion shares, as expected, also rose in early morning trading, climbing more than 20 percent to $51.55.













 



 Close




Discuss: Oracle buys Hyperion for $3.3 billion


Guidelines



Log In


Please log in to CNET to comment


Post Comment As...

 





Next Article:
            How I learned to stop worrying and love high-tech meditation
        








 

 















 



































Oracle to Buy Hyperion for $3.3 Billion























Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
View text version of this page
Help using this website - Accessibility statement

Menu

The Sydney Morning Herald

News site of the year


Technology



Subscribe
Login

Sign-up

Become a SMH member today!


Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox.

Create account now!


Become a SMH member today!


Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox.

Create account now!









Search Site




























Home


Tech









November 1 2007


Save


 Print
    



    Oracle to Buy Hyperion for $3.3 Billion










facebook
SHARE




twitter
TWEET




email




google-plus




linkedin




reddit



More




Business software maker Oracle Corp. will buy Hyperion Solutions Corp. for $3.3 billion in cash, renewing a shopping spree aimed at toppling rival SAP AG.The deal announced Thursday will give Oracle an arsenal of Hyperion products that are widely used by SAP's customers. Hyperion's tools, known as "business intelligence" software, help chief financial officers and other top corporate executives track their company's performance.Santa Clara-based Hyperion represents the largest prey to be devoured by Oracle since it gobbled up Siebel Systems Inc. for $6.1 billion a little over a year ago.Redwood Shores-based Oracle will pay $52 per share for Hyperion. The price represents a 21 percent premium above the most recent closing price of Hyperion's stock, which has traded between $26.65 and $45.18 during the past year.Hyperion shares surged $8.73, or 20.4 percent, to close at $51.57 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, where Oracle shares gained 34 cents, or 2.1 percent, to finish at $16.77.Oracle's acquisition could trigger a scramble for other leading business intelligence software makers such as France-based Business Objects SA and Canada-based Cognos Inc., said AMR Research analyst Bruce Richardson. He thinks Business Objects would be a logical takeover candidate for SAP and Cognos may elicit a bid from IBM Corp.
Advertisement




The deal could even prod Hewlett-Packard Co. to wade into the fray with a bid to buy one of the top makers of business intelligence software maker, said Forrester Research analyst Ray Wang. "There is going to be a cascading effect in the marketplace," he predicted.In a statement Thursday, SAP said it remains focused on organic growth while acknowledging it's on the look out for "smart, well-placed acquisitions to round out our product capabilities on behalf of customers."Business Objects intends to remain independent as it tries to woo away Hyperion customers rattled by the news of the Oracle takeover, said Keith Gile, a senior adviser for Business Objects. "We see no reason to down the same path as Hyperion," Giles said. "We see this deal as a net positive for us."



You will now receive updates from
Technology Newsletter








Technology Newsletter

Get the latest news and updates emailed straight to your inbox.







By submitting your email you are agreeing to Fairfax Media's
                
                    terms and conditions
                
                and
                
                    privacy policy
                
                .
            


Cognos echoed that sentiment, calling Hyperion's a "tremendous opportunity" in a statement.Investors' reaction was mixed. Business Objects shares dropped 98 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $35.12 on the Nasdaq, where Cognos shares rose 95 cents, or 2.5 percent, to end the day at $39.06.The other major business intelligence software maker, Cary, N.C.-based SAS, is privately held.The Hyperion acquisition extends an aggressive expansion that Oracle Chief Executive Larry Ellison launched to upgrade his company's business applications software, the computer coding that automates a wide range of administrative tasks.Oracle makes most of its money from its market-leading position in database software, but growth in that market has been tapering off in recent years _ a factor that convinced Ellison that Oracle needed to seize a bigger piece of the business applications market.Germany-based SAP has long been the leader in the business applications field, but Oracle has been narrowing the gap by snapping up an array of other software makers, most notably PeopleSoft Inc. and Siebel Systems. Oracle has spent more than $20 billion on 30 acquisitions during the past three years."Oracle is determined to drive more consolidation...and make things a bit more uncomfortable for their rival SAP," said Mayiz Habbal, a managing director for Celent, a consulting firm.SAP said it remained unconcerned by Oracle's expansion, predicting it will only confuse Oracle customers and drive more sales its way. "The Hyperion deal is one more way that Oracle attempts to hide the fact that applications is not its core business, whereas applications has been, and will continue to be, SAP's core business," SAP said in its statement.Despite Oracle's expansion, SAP remains the business applications leader. Meanwhile, Oracle's market value during the past three years has climbed by roughly the same amount of money that the company has spent on its acquisitions.The Hyperion deal represents yet another shot across SAP's bow. "Thousands of SAP customers close their books with the Hyperion product," Oracle President Charles Phillips said during a Thursday conference call with analysts. "We are achieving a critical mass in SAP accounts."About 55 percent of Hyperion's customers run SAP software, estimated AMR Research. "Larry has got to love that," Richardson said.To help boost profits, Oracle has typically laid off some workers after its recent deals have been completed. Oracle executives didn't discuss potential job cuts in Thursday's analyst call about the Hyperion acquisition, which is expected to close by the end of April.Although Oracle expects most of the gains from the Hyperion deal to be driven by increased sales, "there are going to be some very significant (cost) efficiencies," Chief Financial Officer Safra Catz said during Thursday's conference call.Hyperion has about 2,700 employees while Oracle has more than 56,000 workers.Oracle expects Hyperion to increase its earnings by at least penny per share in its fiscal year ending in May 2008 and another 4 cents per share in the following year, Catz said.Hyperion earned $63 million on revenue of $765 million in its last fiscal year. Oracle is expected to earn about $5 billion on revenue of nearly $18 billion in its fiscal year ending in May. Oracle is scheduled to release the results of its most recent quarter on March 20.





















Advertisement






HuffPost Australia










Scientists Could 'Reverse Ageing' As ...


Contains:
External link












This Is Why So Many People 'See The ...


Contains:
External link














Most Popular






Search underway to uncover the lost continent  Zealandia 








Hands on: Google Backup and Sync








Fun, fish and fashion in Splatoon 2








Disney building AI to figure out when you'll laugh








Hands on: Google WiFi mesh home wireless network








Follow Digital Life



Share on FacebookFacebook


Share on TwitterTwitter





Follow SMH



Share on Facebook


Share on Twitter


Share on EmailNewsletters






Advertisement


















Most Viewed Today



Previous slide


Next slide







            Technology





Search underway to uncover the lost continent  Zealandia 








Hands on: Google Backup and Sync








Disney building AI to figure out when you'll laugh








'Eerily prescient': 15 predictions Bill Gates made in 1999








Hands on: Google WiFi mesh home wireless network









The Sydney Morning Herald






Sydney noodle bar forced to name and shame itself








One property only in $51 billion plan to curb negative gearing








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








'He told me I owed him a blow job': Entrepreneur harassed by backer








The 10 jobs that claim the most tax deductions in Australia









The Age






Severe weather warning: Worst winds of the year set to hit Victoria 








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








John Olsen slams Archibald Prize decision








Standstill: CBD rally causes major peak-hour delays for commuters








Battle for Box Hill: 'This isn't the CBD, it's suburbia'









Brisbane Times






Brisbane couple allegedly held slave for eight years








Three men found guilty of bottle rape on Australia Day








One property only in $51 billion plan to curb negative gearing








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








Brisbane City Council terminates $122 million IT contract









Canberra Times






Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP








One property only in $51 billion plan to curb negative gearing








Greg Moriarty named as new Defence Department secretary








John Olsen slams Archibald Prize decision








Canberra's newest hotspot is emerging in...Fyshwick?









WA Today






West Coast champion Matt Priddis makes stunning retirement announcement 








Wild weather uproots trees and leaves Perth and South West homes without power








Perth bulk rubbish map to help out 'kerbside shoppers'








Bassendean tradie claims $1 million lotto prize








Liberal denies claims she is a Greek citizen - and ineligible to be MP




















Info

Save articles for later.
Ok, Got it



Info

Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles.
Ok, Got it



Info

Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo.
Ok, Got it





















