
























Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD. Holds Position in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for The Travelers Companies Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Travelers Companies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Sells 9,903 Shares of Provident Financial Services, Inc (NYSE:PFS)
TrueBlue, Inc. (TBI) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC
California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 4,300 Shares of CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (CAA)
Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD. Holds Position in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV)
Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 41,822 Shares of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (DGX)
Teachers Advisors LLC Has $20.61 Million Position in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (NYSE:TEVA)
ECO (ATLANTIC) OIL & GAS LTD COM’s (LON:ECO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at VSA Capital
Calpine Corporation (NYSE:CPN) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Sell
Delek US Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:DK) Receives “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC
CNOOC Limited (NYSE:CEO) Raised to “Overweight” at J P Morgan Chase & Co
FinnCap Reaffirms Buy Rating for Central Asia Metals Ltd (LON:CAML)
Chesapeake Lodging Trust (NYSE:CHSP) Stake Boosted by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
R.M.SINCERBEAUX Capital Management LLC Holds Position in Time Warner Inc. (TWX)
ONE Gas, Inc. (OGS) Shares Sold by Wellington Management Group LLP
Vivint Solar, Inc. (VSLR) Stake Held by Fmr LLC
California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Stake Cut by California Public Employees Retirement System
Fmr LLC Acquires 331,303 Shares of Kraton Corporation (KRA)
Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 5,916 Shares of Hub Group, Inc. (HUBG)
Rio Tinto plc (RIO) PT Lowered to GBX 4,100
Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) Debt Trading 1.2% Lower


 


Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD. Holds Position in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV)

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD. continued to hold its position in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 21,000 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. The Travelers Companies accounts for about 0.5% of Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD.’s portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD.’s holdings in The Travelers Companies were worth $2,531,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Becker Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in The Travelers Companies by 116.1% in the fourth quarter. Becker Capital Management Inc. now owns 5,100 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $607,000 after buying an additional 2,740 shares in the last quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC raised its stake in The Travelers Companies by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 2,921 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $365,000 after buying an additional 33 shares during the last quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in The Travelers Companies during the fourth quarter valued at about $6,001,000. RMB Capital Management LLC raised its stake in The Travelers Companies by 102.9% in the fourth quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 2,138 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $262,000 after buying an additional 75,363 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Quadrature Capital Ltd bought a new stake in The Travelers Companies during the fourth quarter valued at about $8,044,000. 77.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get The Travelers Companies Inc. alerts:



The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) opened at 125.15 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $126.44 and a 200 day moving average price of $122.05. The Travelers Companies, Inc. has a 52-week low of $103.45 and a 52-week high of $129.60. The company has a market capitalization of $34.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.46 and a beta of 1.20. 




The Travelers Companies (NYSE:TRV) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The insurance provider reported $1.92 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $2.07 by $0.15. The firm had revenue of $6.35 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.31 billion. The Travelers Companies had a return on equity of 11.68% and a net margin of 10.15%. The company’s revenue was up 4.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $2.20 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that The Travelers Companies, Inc. will post $9.02 earnings per share for the current year. 
The Travelers Companies announced that its Board of Directors has approved a share buyback plan on Thursday, April 20th that allows the company to repurchase $5.00 billion in shares. This repurchase authorization allows the insurance provider to repurchase shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock repurchase plans are typically a sign that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 8th will be given a dividend of $0.72 per share. This represents a $2.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.30%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. The Travelers Companies’s dividend payout ratio is presently 28.77%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/iat-reinsurance-co-ltd-has-2531000-position-in-the-travelers-companies-inc-trv-updated.html. 
TRV has been the topic of several research reports. Argus raised The Travelers Companies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $132.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Citigroup Inc. increased their price target on The Travelers Companies from $140.00 to $142.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $126.00 target price on shares of The Travelers Companies in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a $119.00 target price (up previously from $112.00) on shares of The Travelers Companies in a report on Friday, July 7th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of The Travelers Companies in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The Travelers Companies has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $123.47.
In other The Travelers Companies news, EVP John P. Clifford, Jr. sold 5,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $120.92, for a total transaction of $665,060.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Vice Chairman Jay S. Benet sold 5,518 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, July 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $125.66, for a total transaction of $693,391.88. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 82,824 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,407,663.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 86,377 shares of company stock worth $10,765,171. 0.82% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
The Travelers Companies Company Profile
The Travelers Companies, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Business and International Insurance; Bond & Specialty Insurance, and Personal Insurance. Through its subsidiaries, it provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products and services. The Business and International Insurance segment offers property and casualty insurance and insurance related services to its clients, in the United States and in Canada, as well as in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Brazil and throughout other parts of the world. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for The Travelers Companies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Travelers Companies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 











































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:06 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty insurance products for individuals and businesses in the United States and internationally. The company offers flood insurance, homeowners, personal and private auto, moving insurance, and independent contractor trucking insurance for individuals. The company also provides business insurance products that include commercial property, commercial flood insurance, corporate relocation, commercial auto, independent contractor, MGA program/fronting, moving and storage company package, reinsurance, and truck retail; other coverages, including commercial general liability, liquor liability, umbrella/excess liabi...
IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty insurance products for individuals and businesses in the United States and internationally. The company offers flood insurance, homeowners, personal and private auto, moving insurance, and independent contractor trucking insurance for individuals. The company also provides business insurance products that include commercial property, commercial flood insurance, corporate relocation, commercial auto, independent contractor, MGA program/fronting, moving and storage company package, reinsurance, and truck retail; other coverages, including commercial general liability, liquor liability, umbrella/excess liability, commercial property, package policies, crime, inland marine, employment practices liability, equipment breakdown, and garage; and insurance products for franchised auto dealers and franchised truck dealers. In addition, the company offers claim services for liability, physical damage, property, cargo/inland marine, personal injury protection, and occupational accident and workers compensation; and supports proportional and non-proportional reinsurance. It serves customers through agents and brokers. The company was founded in 1986 and is based in Rolling Meadows, Illinois.
Detailed Description


1701 West Golf RoadContinental TowersTower 1Suite 600Rolling Meadows, IL 60008United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 847-321-4800

Fax: 847-472-6032

www.iatinsurancegroup.com







Key Executives for IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd.




Mr. William E. Cunningham Jr.


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 51
        







 David Pirrung


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Todd Bateson


      	Chief Underwriting Officer
      








Ms. Julie A. Burnett


      	Senior Vice President of General Agency
      








Mr. William Teed II


      	Senior Vice President of The Program Business Unit
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd. Key Developments

IAT Insurance Group Announces Executive Appointments
Jan 15 16
IAT Insurance Group on January 14, 2016, announced a number of strategic leadership changes. Christopher Dowler was appointed chief information officer of the company. Most recently, Dowler served as senior vice president and chief information officer for Assurant Inc.'s Assurant Health business. Julie Burnett was appointed senior vice president of general agency. Burnett will focus on the company's excess and surplus lines and specialty lines of business. She most recently served as executive vice president of small commercial strategy and business insurance distribution at Liberty Mutual Insurance Co. Bill Teed will join the company as senior vice president of the program business unit on Feb. 8. Teed previously served as president of field management at Travelers Cos. Inc. Additionally, the company appointed Ken Coon senior vice president of business development.


IAT Insurance Group Names Todd Bateson as Chief Underwriting Officer, Effective September 15, 2015
Sep 4 15
IAT Insurance Group announced that it hired Todd Bateson as chief underwriting officer. Bateson will join IAT Insurance Group on September 15, 2015. He has been a senior executive at Travelers Insurance Co.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Atlantic Surety Company United States 212 Capital Group, LLC United States 21st Century Life and Health Company, Inc. United States 3 Mark Financial, Inc. United States 534 Las Americas, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd., please visit www.iatinsurancegroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	IAT Reinsurance

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Quality. Commitment. Service. Innovation.





About IAT Reinsurance
Our combination of expertise, quick response, and service, backed by the financial strength of the IAT Insurance Group offers an attractive alternative in today's marketplace.  
Read More




Business Written
IAT Reinsurance is a quoting market for all treaty classes of property and casualty lines. We support proportional and non-proportional reinsurance for domestic and international clients. 
Read More





Financial Highlights
Learn about the financial performance of IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd.
Read More















	IAT Reinsurance

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Quality. Commitment. Service. Innovation.





About IAT Reinsurance
Our combination of expertise, quick response, and service, backed by the financial strength of the IAT Insurance Group offers an attractive alternative in today's marketplace.  
Read More




Business Written
IAT Reinsurance is a quoting market for all treaty classes of property and casualty lines. We support proportional and non-proportional reinsurance for domestic and international clients. 
Read More





Financial Highlights
Learn about the financial performance of IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd.
Read More
















Cunningham to Become CEO of IAT Reinsurance











































































MyNewMarkets.com
Claims Journal
Insurance Journal TV
Academy of Insurance
Carrier Management










Featured Stories
Illinois Agent Gets 5 Years for FraudProgressive's Homeowners' Site 


News
Markets
Jobs









 





Front Page

National
International
Most Popular
Magazine
Forums
Blogs
Videos/Podcasts
Newsletters


News

Most Popular
National
International
East
Midwest
South Central
Southeast
West


Topics

P&C Companies
Agents & Brokers
Government
Markets/Coverages
Operations
Claims
More Topics


Magazines

East
Midwest
South Central
Southeast
West
Subscribe


Research
Directories

Jobs

Sales
Marketing
Management
Finance
Claims
Underwriting
Other


Features

Events
Forums
Buyers Guide
Insurance Twitter
Market Directories
Ad Showcase
Quotes
Polls


Subscribe








Cunningham to Become CEO of IAT Reinsurance

October 17, 2014 



Email This
Print
Newsletters



Tweet





Article
Comments


IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd., the privately owned Bermuda insurer, announced that Peter R. Kellogg is retiring as chief executive officer, a position he has held since the company’s founding in the early 1980s.
William Cunningham will assume the role of CEO effective January 4, 2015, while Kellogg will continue to lead the board of directors. Cunningham has been a senior executive at the Travelers Insurance Company, where he had spent his whole career.
“It has been my privilege to lead IAT for over three decades and I look forward to supporting Bill Cunningham in his role as CEO, where he will provide new and objective leadership to our company,” said Kellogg.
IAT is an underwriter of commercial and personal lines P&C reinsurance and insurance, directly and through its eight wholly owned subsidiaries licensed and domiciled in the US.





	Get Insurance Journal Every Day
	





Subscribe




Email This
Print
Newsletters



Tweet








Categories: International NewsTopics: Commercial Lines, IAT Reinsurance Company, Personal Lines, Peter R. Kellogg, Reinsurance, William Cunningham 
Have a hot lead?  Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com




 
 

Advertisers





See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Comment 




Notify me of comments via e-mail 



More NewsSenate Republicans Fail in Bid to Repeal ObamacareViewpoint: Employers Rejecting Marijuana Users Will Pay a PriceFrom Here to Autonomy: Morality and Retirement Timeline for Auto Insurance ProsFederal Class Action Securities Fraud Filings Set Historic PaceOhio’s High Court Again Upholds Cities’ Use of Traffic CamerasSenate Republicans Eye ‘Skinny’ Repeal of ObamacareSEC Commissioner Blasts Labor Department’s Fiduciary RuleTrump Labor Department Moves to Undo Obama Overtime RuleMore News Features




 
 
Most Popular

Now
This Week
Commented



Trump Labor Department Moves to Undo Obama Overtime Rule
Wells Fargo Insurance Accuses Failed Bidder Alliant of Poaching Executives
Private Insurers Cautiously Dip Toes Into Florida Flood Market Waters
Investors in Giant Rabbit That Died Inflight Sue United Airlines
Markel to Acquire State National for $919 Million


Markel to Acquire State National for $919 Million
Progressive Unveils Online Homeowners Insurance Comparison Shopper
Insurers Pummeled by Car Dealers' Claims for Hail-Damaged Vehicles
Trump Labor Department Moves to Undo Obama Overtime Rule
Aetna Acquires Bupa Thailand to Expand in Asia Health Insurance


Senate Republicans Eye 'Skinny' Repeal of Obamacare | Comments (69)
Senate Republicans Fail in Bid to Repeal Obamacare | Comments (60)
Senators, Including Ailing McCain, Expected to Begin Vote on Health Bill Today | Comments (50)
Senate Begins Debate, Kills McConnell Health Bill, Schedules 'Vote-a-Rama' | Comments (38)
Trump Labor Department Moves to Undo Obama Overtime Rule | Comments (26)

More Top Stories



Industry Insight 

Q2 Insurtech Funding Rises to $1B
Parametric Quake Product Pays If No Damage
Government Disruption in Insurtech: The Zebra
Looking at Insurtech the Wrong Way
Fearless Brokers on Insurtech: ‘Bring It On’


 
Research and White Papers 


Free Newsletters  Sign up to receive insurance news alerts!










Daily Headlines
Most Popular This Week
MyNewMarkets.com Daily
Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly)
Carrier Management (new)








 
Have a news tip? Tell us.


Current Issue 

Read OnlineDownload PDFSubscribeAvailable on the iPad


 Featured VideosNew Jersey Personal Injury Attorney on Impact of Driverless CarsWatch NowRetaining Young TalentWatch Now
Editors and Contributors 



Amy O' Connor
Report: The Southeast's Storm Surge Risk and Florida's Hurricane Wake-Up Call





Don Jergler
Lobbyists at California Conference Call D.C. Vs. Sacramento Tension 'Palpable'





Elizabeth Blosfield
Pennsylvania Court Rules Section of State Workers' Comp Act Unconstitutional





Catherine Oak
Minding Your Business: Agency Financial Management 101



Quote of Note Not coincidentally, when R Street issued its first regulation report card in 2012, Florida ranked dead last and North Carolina was somewhere in the middle. This year, North Carolina is dead last and Florida is somewhere in the middle.  More Quotes
Partner Center 


Reader Poll 
In which one of these areas would you MOST like to see the P/C insurance industry develop new products?

 








Insurance Jobs
Underwriter - Sacramento, CASurety Underwriting Consultant - Sacramento, CAInside Sales Representative - Sacramento, CACasualty Claims Adjuster - Sacramento, CAUnderwriter Associate - Sacramento, CA

 




Auto Insurance Market to Shrink by 70% by 2050: Report
Survey: Agents Suggest How Carriers Can Move from 'Good' to 'Great'
How Training in Property Underwriting Can Help Cyber Underwriters
Ironshore CEO Kelley Talks Goals Under Liberty Mutual







Claims Changes Driven by Tech, Data
Stolen Sword Recovered in London Auction House
U.S. Salmonella Outbreak Linked to Papayas From Mexico
Ohio, California Close 'Fire Ball' Ride After Fatal Accident






Aug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me ColdSep 14 Are Water Damage Claims Drowning Your Profits?Oct 12 Interview Right or Else Hire WrongNov 16 The Evolving Cyber Liability Market

 









Insurance News

News by Region
News by Topic

Yesterday

Site Search

 



Features

Insurance Markets Directory
Forums
A.M. Best Company Ratings
Industry Events
Agencies Wanted / For Sale
Buyers Guide
Newswire
Ad Showcase
Insurance Jobs



Connect with us

Email Newsletters
Magazine Subscriptions
For Your Website
RSS Feeds
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn



Insurance Journal

Submit News
Advertise
Subscribe
Reprints
Link to Us
Contact Us

Wells Media Group Network

Insurance Journal Online
MyNewMarkets.com
Claims Journal
Insurance Journal TV
Academy of Insurance
Carrier Management



© 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map



















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Nothing is invented, for it’s written in nature first. Antoni Gaudí, Architect    



The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Stake Maintained by Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD.































HOME
Contacts 












IsmBoard
 Saturday , July 29, 2017   







Markets
Culture&Arts
Technology
Sci-tech
Sport
Global
Medicine
National
 



 ﻿





Markets

The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Stake Maintained by Iat Reinsurance Co. LTD.


July 29, 2017 04:12·




The hedge fund owned 66,676 stocks of the financial services provider's shares after purchasing an extra 9,715 shares through out the quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC raised its stake in The Charles Schwab Corporation by 1.2% in the second quarter. Quadrature Capital Ltd increased its position in shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation by 339.8% in the fourth quarter. The Balyasny Asset Management Llc holds 62,369 shares with $2.46 million value, down from 168,023 last quarter. Logan Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in The Charles Schwab Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $320,000. They now have a $51.00 price target on the financial services provider's stock, up from their previous price target of $48.00. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in The Charles Schwab Corporation by 6.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 71,876,119 shares of the financial services provider's stock valued at $2,933,263,000 after buying an additional 68,320,480 shares during the period. It also reduced Waste Mgmt Inc Del (NYSE:WM) stake by 15,060 shares and now owns 385,924 shares.
Shares of The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) traded up 0.02% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $42.55. The company's market cap is $57.19 Billion, and the average volume is 7.09 Million. The Charles Schwab Corporation has a 12-month low of $27.71 and a 12-month high of $44.10. The company has a market cap of $56.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.55 and a beta of 1.64. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $42.48 and a 200-day moving average of $40.94.The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) has risen 8.39% since January and is up 1.45% for the past week. According to the past 5 years report, the company on average reported -21.40% year-over-year EPS growth and sales growth was recorded at 0.20%.The company's Average Revenue Estimate for the current quarter is $2.18 Billion, while Low and High Revenue Estimates are $2.16 Billion and $2.21 Billion respectively. Ancora Advsrs Limited Liability Corp reported 0.13% in Charles Schwab Corp (NYSE:SCHW). The firm's revenue was up 16.5% compared to the same quarter past year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.30 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that The Charles Schwab Corporation will post $1.61 EPS for the current fiscal year.

Barings LLC Maintains Position in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (NYSE:SC)
					The financial services provider reported $0.40 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $0.36 by $0.04. Capstone Invest Advsr Limited Liability Company holds 0.04% of its portfolio in Lazard Ltd (NYSE:LAZ) for 28,393 shares.
				Also, the company announced a periodic dividend, expected to be paid on early Fri, Aug 25th.The Charles Schwab Corp (NYSE:SCHW) shows a Forward Annual Dividend Rate of $0.29 and Trailing Annual Dividend Yield of 0.68% according to MorningStar Inc. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 9th. The Price to Sales (P/S) ratio of the stock is 6.88, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 0.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: "The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Stake Maintained by Iat Reinsurance Co". (NYSE:JPM) news were published by: Livetradingnews.com which released: "JPMorgan Chase & Co". If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and worldwide copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/sheets-smith-wealth-management-has-1-22-million-stake-in-the-charles-schwab-corporation-schw.html.SCHW has been the subject of several other research reports. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded The Charles Schwab Corporation from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating and raised their target price for the company from $40.00 to $43.00 in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th.

Northern Utah police hosting National Night Out
					Almost two dozen groups across the city will host cookouts and other events from the north side of the city to the south side.  National night Out is sponsored by the National Association of Town Watch (NATW).
				ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: "The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Position Decreased by Sii Investments Inc". As per Tuesday, October 18, the company rating was upgraded by SunTrust. Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC's holdings in The Charles Schwab Corporation were worth $3,390,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Price targets show what analysts believes a stock will be worth at the end of a certain time period. Deutsche Bank maintained Charles Schwab Corp (NYSE:SCHW) on Wednesday, October 5 with "Buy" rating.Among 15 analysts covering Aflac Incorporated (NYSE:AFL), 1 have Buy rating, 2 Sell and 12 Hold. The stock now has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $44.00. Also, EVP Terri R. Kallsen sold 10,536 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, July 3rd.The share price of the company (NYSE:GCAP) was up +0.90% during the last trading session, with a high of 6.79 and the volume of GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. shares traded was 114267. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link.

Neymar Fights Teammate, Storms Out Of Practice As Transfer Rumors Swirl
					Training was halted because of the incident and Neymar is then seen taking off his training bib before storming off the pitch.  Following weeks of transfer speculation, it appears that Neymar's frustration with his situation is boiling over.
				In related news, EVP Joseph R. Martinetto sold 115,642 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, July 20th. The first trade took place at $43.04 and the stock went down -0.4% to attain the closing price of $42.78. Ronald Blue & Company Llc bought 8,237 shares as the company's stock declined 6.04% while stock markets rallied. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Its share price has risen 8.38% in three months and is up 0.95% for the last five trades. The corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, money management and financial advisory services. With this ratio, investors can better estimate how well a company will be able to pay their long and short term financial obligations.



Recommended News









29 July 2017




Scaramucci targets Priebus, Bannon in expletive-ridden call with reporter
				To that, " The Mooch " says, "You talking to me or him?" Priebus and the White House did not respond to allegations. The new Communications Director had waged a war against White House leaks since assuming his post .			






Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Increases Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO)
				Thirteen research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-three have issued a buy rating to the company. Finally, William Blair reissued an outperform rating on shares of Cisco Systems in a research report on Monday, July 3rd.			






Radian Group Inc. (NYSE:RDN) Position Maintained by E&G Advisors LP
				Stevens Capital Management LP bought a new stake in shares of Radian Group during the first quarter worth approximately $272,000.  Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co acquired 282,313 shares as Radian Group Inc Com ( RDN)'s stock declined 13.37%.			










29 July 2017




Two parents jump to their deaths leaving two children behind
				Hours after the senate voted to keep Obamacare, a NY couple jumped to their deaths in a double suicide . "I was scared. The 53-year-old man and 50-year-old woman have not been identified, but they both had suicide notes in their pockets.			








29 July 2017




Five Players Who Could Replace Neymar At Barca
				NEYMAR appeared at a Nike event in Miami following his training ground bust-up which saw him storm out of Barcelona training. It was revealed that Neymar was not happy over the manner Semedo tackled the ball from him in training.			








29 July 2017




Russian Federation  orders USA  to cut diplomats over new sanctions
				One aspect of the sanctions Trump is not likely to appreciate is the limit on his ability to end the sanctions on Russian Federation .			










29 July 2017




NA Holds Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS)
				Wells Fargo & Company reiterated a "sell" rating on shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited in a research report on Thursday. It dropped, as 64 investors sold SO shares while 341 reduced holdings. 118 funds opened positions while 257 raised stakes.			








29 July 2017




Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's Surrogate Reportedly 3 Months Pregnant
				On the auto ride home, Kim wished her old house a fond farewell and provided one last piece of KUWTK home trivia. The home has five bedrooms and four bathrooms and is now on the market for $5.5m (around £4.2m).			






The BidaskClub Upgrades G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (GIII) to Hold
				BidaskClub downgraded G-III Apparel Group, LTD. from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a research note on Saturday, July 8th. About 486,337 shares traded. 06/06/2017 - G-III Apparel Group, LTD. had its "buy" rating reiterated by analysts at Wunderlich.			










29 July 2017




Broncos' Shane Ray Out 6-8 Weeks With Torn Wrist Ligament
				If Ray is out the full eight weeks, he would not be able to play until September 24 when Denver plays the Buffalo Bills. Broncos coach Vance Joseph , is hopeful for an early. "His wrist got caught, flipped way in and he tore a ligament".			








29 July 2017




Kelly 'honored' to serve as new White House chief of staff
				Trump has yet to say who he plans to nominate to take Kelly's place atop the Department of Homeland Security. At a speech earlier in the day in Long Island, Trump praised Kelly at length for increasing border security.			






Lululemon athletica inc. (NASDAQ:LULU) Director Buys 97728 Shares of Stock
				Institutional investors and hedge funds own 79.94% of the company's stock. 215,803 are owned by Everpoint Asset Mngmt. The Winslow Capital Management Llc holds 2.93 million shares with $190.50 million value, up from 2.29M last quarter.			










Follow Us!















Join The Conversation

We are pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's in the news. 
	Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere in the site or in the newspaper. 
	Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts.
    













Trending on ismboard.com





News Chronicle



GOP Senate Candidate Defends Criticism Of Trump 
				Senator Richard Shelby told Roll Call, " Jeff Sessions is the attorney general right now", adding, "The primary is in two weeks". Unusual didn't cast a single vote in opposition to the bill, nor did he even float any major public reservations to it.

Neymar storms out of Barca training session after bust-up with teammate 
				Sadly you can't just pack it in and storm off when we're not feeling it like a child might, but millionaire footballer Neymar can. Neymar will be the highest paid player on earth if he is to join PSG and right now, the signs suggests it is possible.

Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) Earns Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC 
				Over the last 5 years, Lockheed Martin Corporation has averaged a 9.60% YoY EPS growth rate and a 0.30% revenue growth rate. RBC Capital Mkts analysts stated on 12/01/2017 that they launched coverage on this stock with Sector Perform rating.

Analyst Coverage Updates - Thomas Cook Group (LON:TCG) 
				Stock market analysts watching Thomas Cook Group Pl ( TCKGY ) have recently changed their ratings on the stock. Its hotels and resort brands include Sentido, Sunprime, Sunwing, Sunconnect, Smartline and Casa Cook.

The Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc 
				The Average Volume of the company is 9.16 Million and P/E ( price to earnings) ratio is 13.5, while Forward P/E ratio is 11.86. According to Yahoo Finance, The Dividend Date for Morgan Stanley is Aug 15, 2017 and its Ex-Dividend Date is April 27, 2017.

The Washington Post Details Al-Aqsa Incitement 
				The Israeli foreign ministry said in a statement on Tuesday that his comments were "mind-blowing, false and distorted". The order came as police were deciding whether or not to restrict the entrance to the compound for Friday prayers.

Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Viacom Inc. (VIAB) 
				The current share price indicates that stock is -26.43% away from its one year high and is moving 5.17% ahead of its 52-week low. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and global copyright law.

Telefonica SA Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.84 Per Share (TEF) 
				Schafer Cullen Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Telefonica Brasil by 7.7% in the first quarter. As of the end of the quarter Janney Montgomery Scott LLC had bought a total of 2,673 shares growing its position 12.9%.

Spirit Realty Capital, (SRC) Cut to Sell at BidaskClub 
				Toronto Dominion Bank acquired a new stake in Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter worth approximately $141,000. The company had revenue of $163.19 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $169.84 million.

KCG Holdings Inc. Purchases New Stake in Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE:BDN) 
				As of quarter end Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company, Ltd had acquired a total of 18,049 shares growing its stake by 195.2%. Calvert Investment Management Inc increased Cola European Partners stake by 16,651 shares to 325,354 valued at $10.22M in 2016Q4.








Tendencies





		Japan's defence minister expected to resign on Friday, media say	






		The meaning of Arya's direwolf reunion scene	






		Raiders' Donald Penn Holding Out For New Contract	






		Did Martin Shkreli commit fraud? That's now up to a jury	






		Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI), SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR)	






		Trump sweeps GOP pros out of the White House	






		Miranda Lambert Tells Her Side of the Story on Blake Shelton Divorce	



		Earnings Clues on Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN), eBay Inc. (EBAY) Analyst's Predictions	






		Manchester United will make another approach for Chelsea's Nemanja Matic	



		Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance	






		'The Emoji Movie' has received a critical savaging for the ages	



		ON Semiconductor Corp (NASDAQ:ON) Upgraded to "Buy" by BidaskClub	






		JPMorgan Chase's new Plano campus will soon be powered by wind energy	



		Trending News Reporting Very Likely to Affect Goldcorp (GG) Stock Price	






		Mother and son arrested for alleged murder for hire plot	



ismboard.com in social









 

 



﻿ 







Home

Contacts 









Copyright © 2017 — ismboard.com. All Rights Reserved


 











						Iat Reinsurance Company LTD Lifted Boeing Co (BA) Position By $372,000, Guardian Capital LP Has Boosted Its Comcast New (CMCSA) Holding - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Iat Reinsurance Company LTD Lifted Boeing Co (BA) Position By $372,000, Guardian Capital LP Has Boosted Its Comcast New (CMCSA) Holding


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Louis Casey

Guardian Capital Lp increased Comcast Corp New (CMCSA) stake by 107.78% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Guardian Capital Lp acquired 6,208 shares as Comcast Corp New (CMCSA)’s stock rose 3.16%. The Guardian Capital Lp holds 11,968 shares with $826,000 value, up from 5,760 last quarter. Comcast Corp New now has $187.96 billion valuation. The stock declined 0.35% or $0.14 reaching $39.49 on the news. About 4.29M shares traded. Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) has risen 28.96% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 12.26% the S&P500.







Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd increased Boeing Co (BA) stake by 9.6% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd acquired 2,400 shares as Boeing Co (BA)’s stock rose 4.66%. The Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd holds 27,400 shares with $4.27 million value, up from 25,000 last quarter. Boeing Co now has $129.26 billion valuation. The stock rose 0.07% or $0.14 reaching $212.28 per share. About 1.10 million shares traded. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) has risen 41.13% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 24.43% the S&P500.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.89 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.01, from 0.9 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 69 investors sold BA shares while 508 reduced holdings. 137 funds opened positions while 378 raised stakes. 445.41 million shares or 0.76% more from 442.07 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Dubuque Natl Bank And Tru Company accumulated 25,710 shares or 0.71% of the stock. Azimuth Mgmt Limited Liability Corporation has invested 1.01% in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Yorktown Mngmt Research reported 9,000 shares. Green Square Cap Ltd Com holds 1.07% of its portfolio in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) for 34,287 shares. Freestone Holdings Lc reported 0% in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). 2,257 are owned by Bangor Bancorporation. Maryland Capital Management invested 0.07% of its portfolio in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Sun Life Financial Incorporated holds 0% or 240 shares in its portfolio. Highlander Cap Mngmt Lc holds 250 shares. Van Cleef Asset Managementinc invested 0.31% of its portfolio in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). The Illinois-based Koshinski Asset has invested 0% in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Renaissance Limited owns 392,800 shares. Tarbox Grp Inc reported 248 shares stake. Linscomb & Williams reported 20,497 shares or 0.3% of all its holdings. Saybrook Nc has invested 1.02% in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA).
Since January 30, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 15 insider sales for $53.76 million activity. $15.75 million worth of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) shares were sold by Conner Raymond L.. Another trade for 2,721 shares valued at $499,603 was sold by FANCHER SCOTT W. Another trade for 2,400 shares valued at $438,552 was made by Caret Leanne G on Wednesday, May 3. $494,792 worth of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) was sold by Deal Stanley A on Monday, May 1. Hyslop Gregory L also sold $580,005 worth of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) on Thursday, February 2. Another trade for 102,080 shares valued at $17.02 million was sold by LUTTIG J MICHAEL. $3.50M worth of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) shares were sold by Sands Diana L.
Among 19 analysts covering Boeing (NYSE:BA), 10 have Buy rating, 4 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 53% are positive. Boeing had 51 analyst reports since August 26, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Thursday, February 18 by Buckingham Research. The firm has “Hold” rating given on Monday, November 2 by Standpoint Research. Standpoint Research initiated the stock with “Buy” rating in Wednesday, August 26 report. Cowen & Co maintained Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) on Tuesday, June 13 with “Buy” rating. The rating was upgraded by Standpoint Research to “Buy” on Thursday, January 14. RBC Capital Markets maintained Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) rating on Thursday, October 22. RBC Capital Markets has “Sector Perform” rating and $149.0 target. On Thursday, April 28 the stock rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with “Sector Perform”. The company was downgraded on Friday, February 12 by JP Morgan. Morgan Stanley initiated the shares of BA in report on Thursday, June 23 with “Overweight” rating. The company was upgraded on Friday, July 14 by J.P. Morgan.
Guardian Capital Lp decreased Canadian Nat Res Ltd (NYSE:CNQ) stake by 170,596 shares to 6.92 million valued at $220.50M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Oneok Inc New (NYSE:OKE) stake by 36,921 shares and now owns 141,178 shares. Novartis A G (NYSE:NVS) was reduced too. 
Among 23 analysts covering Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA), 19 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 4 Hold. Therefore 83% are positive. Comcast Corporation had 49 analyst reports since July 27, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm earned “Outperform” rating on Thursday, February 4 by RBC Capital Markets. Telsey Advisory Group maintained it with “Outperform” rating and $76.50 target in Friday, August 19 report. Deutsche Bank upgraded Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) on Friday, January 13 to “Buy” rating. As per Tuesday, January 31, the company rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets. Moffett Nathanson downgraded the stock to “Neutral” rating in Tuesday, June 20 report. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Outperform” rating in Wednesday, October 28 report. The firm has “Outperform” rating by RBC Capital Markets given on Monday, July 27. On Thursday, January 26 the stock rating was maintained by Pivotal Research with “Buy”. Pivotal Research maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Tuesday, September 27 report. The rating was upgraded by MoffettNathanson to “Neutral” on Wednesday, August 19.








By Louis Casey
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Granite Construction (GVA)’s Sentiment Is 1.31


Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Reaches $1.20 52-Week Low; Bioscrip (BIOS) Shorts Lowered By 1.46%


Genesee Valley Trust Company Has Cut The Priceline Group (PCLN) Holding By $544,980, BIOCORRX (BICX) SI Decreased By 81.82%


Matthew 25 Management Has Lowered Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Position By $2.31 Million, Rand Wealth Has Increased Automatic Data Processing In (ADP) Holding By $1.08 Million


Fonar (FONR) Reaches $26.05 After 5.00% Down Move, MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Had 7 Analysts Last Week


Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Reaches $13.65 After 3.00% Up Move, Acadian Timber (TSE:ADN) Had 2 Bullish Analysts


Green Square Capital Has Lifted Its At&T Com (T) Position; Bbt Capital Management Has Upped Amc Networks (Call) (AMCX) Stake By $520,000


American Capital Management Cut Its Verint Systems (VRNT) Holding; Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Covered By 7 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Lowe Brockenbrough & Company Has Cut By $1.20 Million Its Cvs Health Com (CVS) Position, 3 Analysts Covering Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)


Davidson D A & Company Lifted Amgen (AMGN) Stake, Last Week Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Analysts







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











IAT Reinsurance Co Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback


























iat reinsurance co ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Insurance
Sub-Industry: Reinsurance
IAT Reinsurance Company, Ltd. operates as an insurance services. The Company offers reinsurance services. IAT Reinsurance serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1701 Golf Road
Rolling Meadows, IL 60008
United States


Phone:
1-847-321-4800


Fax:
1-847-806-6148


Web url:
www.iat-re.com





Board Members




Non-Executive Chairman
Company


John Molbeck
Iat Reinsurance Co Ltd








Board Members
Company


Peter Kellogg
Ziegler Cos Inc/The


























From The Web











Key Executives


William Eugene Cunningham Jr "Bill"


Chief Executive Officer




Christopher Dowler


Chief Information Officer




Todd Bateson


Chief Underwriting Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































	Financial Highlights

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Home/ Financial Highlights












Financial Highlights

IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd.
Highlights as of 12/31/2016 (GAAP results)


A.M. Best rating of A-
Policyholder Surplus: $1.1 billion
Total Assets: $3.0 billion

Statements will be furnished upon request. Please contact Kevin Hamm.
Harco National Insurance Company
Highlights as of 12/31/2016

A.M. Best rating of A-
Policyholder Surplus: $169.2 million
Total Assets: $437.0 million

2016 Harco Annual Statement

















	FAQ

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Home/ FAQ












FAQs

What is IAT Reinsurance's underwriting model?
IAT Reinsurance's genesis is rooted in the dual notions that 1.) reinsurers should write premium when proper risk pricing is evident and 2.) underwriters should be incented to restrain production when such evidence is absent. Underwriters and key staff in the business have direct and specific long-term exposure to the outcome of their risk decisions. This is the keystone of IAT Reinsurance's business strategy; regardless of the program, premium is not written unless the underwriter has personal financial risk attached to that decision.
Where is the traditional reinsurance business written?
Harco National, given its A.M. Best A- rating and broad licensing, will originate and underwrite most of the traditional assumed reinsurance business. Some of this business may be retroceded to IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd under circumstances where the latter's capital strength can relieve premium growth pressure.
Business can also be written on IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd paper where clients may desire to have a more highly capitalized reinsurer with an A.M. Best rating of A-.
Under special circumstances, we also have access to A.M. Best A rated paper.
Why keep IAT private?
IAT Reinsurance's foundational business mandate is that of capital preservation. Protection of capital and surplus at the expense of growth in premium, market share and earnings are paramount. The luxury of adopting this policy is directly derived from its private company status, a commensurate disinterest in courting capital market access and its shareholders' indifference to public and industry visibility for its own sake. IAT Reinsurance believes further that this business policy will engender amongst its clients and prospective clients a long-term and positive image of sustained capacity and financial strength. While its market pricing requirements could make IAT Reinsurance less competitive in a soft market, many clients will want (and some will need) to do business with firms whose capacity is certain in difficult markets where capital available for underwriting may otherwise contract.

















	Directions

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Home/ Directions












Directions
Our office is located in Suite 600 of Tower 1 in the Continental Towers. 



From Downtown Chicago or O’Hare Airport traveling on I-90 West
Take I-90 West towards Rockford. Take Arlington Heights North exit. Take a left at first stoplight, Algonquin Road. Take a left at first stoplight, Golf Road. After 0.3 miles, turn left to reach your destination.
From the Eisenhower Expressway (I-290) Downtown Chicago or Midway Airport
From Downtown: Take I-290 to 53 North towards Rockford.
From Midway Airport: Take Cicero Ave North to I-290 to 53 North towards Rockford. 
Take Golf Road/Higgins Road exit. Stay on the access road. Go past Higgins Road and Woodfield Road while on the access road. Turn right on Golf Road. After 1.5 miles, turn right to reach your destination.
From Rockford traveling on I-90 East
Take I-90 East towards Chicago. Take I-290 East/53 South exit towards Chicago. Take the Woodfield Rd exit. Turn left at first stoplight, Woodfield Road. Turn left at first stoplight onto access road. Turn right on Golf Road. After 1.5 miles, turn right to reach your destination.


















	Reinsurance Staff

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Home/ Reinsurance Staff












Reinsurance Staff
We have assembled a team of highly skilled and experienced individuals, with expertise in many classes and lines of business. Each has a personal stake in the success of the operations and are thus highly motivated to respond quickly and professionally.




Steve Baker
            (office) 847-321-4914
            (cell) 630-715-8036
sbaker@iat-re.com


Scott Evangelist
            (office) 847-321-4913
            (cell) 630-269-1883
sevangelist@iat-re.com




Matt Krizmanic
(office) 847-321-4907
            (cell) 630-768-0925
mkrizmanic@iat-re.com


Tim Madden
            (office) 847-321-4912
            (cell) 815-236-1850
tmadden@iat-re.com




Pete Mattox
            (office) 847-321-4918
            (cell) 847-226-2782
pmattox@iat-re.com


Jim Miller
            (office) 847-321-4909
            (cell) 847-830-8702
jmiller@iat-re.com




Sue Needham
            (office) 847-321-4915
            (cell) 815-243-0158
sneedham@iat-re.com


Jennifer Wanat
            (office) 847-321-4919
jwanat@iat-re.com




Wenli Wang
            (office) 847-321-4911
wwang@iat-re.com


 




















	Business Written

































Contact Us|IAT Insurance Group




















Home/ Business Written












Business Written
IAT Reinsurance is a quoting market for all treaty classes of property and casualty lines. We support proportional and non-proportional reinsurance for domestic and international clients. The majority of our business structures are working layers. Recent successes have included:
 

Start-ups, new line of business, new territories, un-rated companies, turn-around situations
Companies experiencing pressure on surplus due to premium growth and/or needing balance sheet reinsurance products
Niche and specialty products, MGA and Alternative Risk placements that require a reinsurer take time to understand the buyer and opportunity
Special situations requiring thorough analysis (example: loss portfolio transfers)

 
IAT Reinsurance will also selectively support other reinsurers that seek a partner to enhance their capacity for specific segments or situations.

All business opportunities will receive immediate attention and quick response; intermediaries and their clients will always know the status of their proposals.



Flexible business mix, well positioned to manage through P&C cycle


















	A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd. and Its Operating Subsidiaries

































Careers|Contact Us




















Home/ About Us/ News












News
Media Contact:  Caryn Best
Corporate Communications
(919) 838-4464
caryn.best@iatinsurance.com


All news




            A.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd. and Its Operating Subsidiaries
        

 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
OLDWICK - OCTOBER 11, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE)

A. M. Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating (FSR) of A- (Excellent) and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings (ICR) of “a-” of IAT Reinsurance Company Ltd. (IAT Re) (Hamilton, Bermuda) and its operating subsidiaryService Insurance Company (Service) (Bradenton, FL). The outlook of these Credit Ratings (rating) is stable.
Concurrently, A.M. Best has affirmed the FSR of A- (Excellent) and the Long-Term ICR of “a-” of Harco National Insurance Company (Harco) (Rolling Meadows, Illinois), Commercial Alliance Insurance Company(Commercial) (Houston, TX), TRANSGUARD INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA INC. (Transguard) (Naperville, IL), Occidental Fire & Casualty Company of North Carolina (Occidental) (Raleigh, NC), Wilshire Insurance Company (Wilshire) (Raleigh, NC), Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company (AIC) (Omaha, NE) and Acceptance Casualty Insurance Company (ACIC) (Omaha, NE). The outlook of these ratings is stable. The ratings are the result of these companies becoming members in a newly formed pool, Harco National Group(Harco Group), effective Jan. 1, 2016.
The ratings of Harco Group reflect the group’s solid risk-adjusted capitalization, strategic initiatives focused on improving underwriting measures, generally positive operating earnings, and its niche market knowledge and expertise. The members of the group write transportation related insurance products, specialty insurance products and program business through general agents and retail independent agents, as well as assumed reinsurance business produced through the brokered market. The ratings also reflect the support of its parent company, IAT Re, through reinsurance agreements, access to capital and management resources. The ratings also recognize more recent aggressive initiatives to improve operating profitability through the hiring of new management, internal management changes, improved pricing execution, tightening risk selection, exiting lines such as crop, public auto, some segments of unprofitable trucking and homeowners programs, as well as the expanded use of analytics and business intelligence.
Partially offsetting these strengths are the group’s elevated common stock leverage as a percentage of surplus, unfavorable underwriting results in 2011 and 2012, and the recent trend of modest adverse development. In keeping with IAT Re’s strategy of capitalizing on equity market opportunities, the group maintains high common stock leverage. This exposes its policyholders’ surplus to fluctuating market values, which resulted in significant net realized and unrealized capital losses in 2015. In the years 2012-2014, substantial net realized and unrealized capital gains resulted in significant surplus increases, with the increase in 2013 being particularly strong. Concerns with fluctuating equity market values are somewhat mitigated by the investment expertise and financial support of IAT Re, as evidenced by its historical capital contributions to offset substantial investment losses in its insurance subsidiaries. Although loss and loss adjustment expense reserves have historically been redundant, there is modest adverse development being seen, particularly for accident years 2012, 2013 and 2014. The group attributes this to a restructuring of the claims department, as well as adverse development on the run-off of the public auto line.
Factors that could lead to positive rating actions include the group achieving and sustaining solid underwriting and overall operating performance relative to the performance of the commercial casualty composite and a strong level of risk-adjusted capitalization. The ratings of the group may come under negative pressure if operating performance or risk-adjusted capitalization falls markedly short of A.M. Best expectations; there is a material deviation from the company’s submitted financial projections; there is an increase in loss reserve variability or the reporting of adverse loss reserve development; or if its parent company, IAT Re, fails to provide necessary financial and operational support.
The rating affirmations of IAT Re acknowledge its supportive level of risk-adjusted capitalization, solid liquidity and generally positive operating returns. The company continues to generate net investment income and generally favorable capital gains, which partially offset underwriting losses during the latest five year period, as its profitability is driven by the business it assumes from its subsidiaries in its role as their primary reinsurer.
This press release relates to Credit Ratings that have been published on A.M. Best’s website. For all rating information relating to the release and pertinent disclosures, including details of the office responsible for issuing each of the individual ratings referenced in this release, please see A.M. Best’s Recent Rating Activity web page. For additional information regarding the use and limitations of Credit Rating opinions, please view Understanding Best’s Credit Ratings.
A.M. Best is the world’s oldest and most authoritative insurance rating and information source.  For more information, visit www.ambest.com.

Copyright © 2016 by A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
CONTACTS:




 


Jonathan Harris, CFA, FRM
            Senior Financial Analyst
            +1 908 439 2200, ext. 5771
            jonathan.harris@ambest.com

            Jacqalene Lentz, CPA
            Director
            +1 908 439 2200, ext. 5762
            jacqalene.lentz@ambest.com


Christopher Sharkey
            Manager, Public Relations
            +1 908 439 2200, ext. 5159
            christopher.sharkey@ambest.com

            Jim Peavy
            Director, Public Relations
            +1 908 439 2200, ext. 5644
            james.peavy@ambest.com





View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161011006639/en/






















Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd - New York, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Accident and Health Insurance



Reinsurance Carriers, Accident And Health



                            Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd
                                    



 





















I 


Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



48 WALL ST FL 30 NEW YORK, NY 10005
Get Directions



(212) 389-5833





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Reinsurance Carriers, Accident And Health
 Contacts Peter Kellogg







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Iat Reinsurance Company Ltd specializes in Reinsurance Carriers, Accident And Health. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














