
  ICTQ:OTC US Stock Quote - ICON ECI Fund Fifteen LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  ICON ECI Fund Fifteen LP   ICTQ:US   OTC US      Price not available for ICTQ:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -7.28    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   ICON ECI Fund Fifteen, L.P. operates as a direct financing fund that makes investments in domestic and international companies. The Company invests in companies which are structured as debt and debt-like financings (such as loans and leases) that are collateralized by capital assets utilized to operate their businesses.    Address  3 Park Avenue, 36th FloorNew York, NY 10016United States   Phone  1-212-418-4700   Website   www.iconinvestments.com              

ICON ECI Fund Sixteen














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

ATEL Capital Equipment Fund XI, LLC
ATEL Growth Capital Fund 8, LLC
Aaron's, Inc.
AerCap Global Aviation Trust
Aercap Holdings Nv
AeroCentury Corp.
Aerocentury Iv Inc
Afg Investment Trust A
Afg Investment Trust B
Afg Investment Trust C
Afg Investment Trust D
Ahern Rentals
Air Lease Corp
Aircastle
Atel 12, Llc



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


ICON ECI Fund Sixteen




ICON ECI Fund Sixteen





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Services-equipment rental & leasing, necAddress

3 Park Ave - 36Th Floor, New York, NY 10016
Phone
2124184700



Sample Contracts



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
Loan Modification Agreement
(May 8th, 2015)
This Loan Modification Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered as of  March 31, 2015 between CALIFORNIA BANK & TRUST, a California banking corporation ("Bank"), and ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN, a Delaware statutory trust ("Borrower").



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
Form of Multi-Offering Subscription Agreement Cion Investment Corporation Icon
Eci Fund Sixteen Icon Oil & Gas Fund-A L.P. Instructions to Investors &
Subscription Agreement
(June 21st, 2013)
Please read carefully the final prospectus, as amended and supplemented through the date hereof, relating to the applicable offering(s) and all exhibits thereto before deciding to subscribe. Each offering is limited to investors who certify that they meet all of the qualifications set forth in the applicable final prospectus (each, an "Investor"). If you meet these qualifications and desire to make an investment in one of the offerings described herein, then please complete, execute and deliver the entire subscription agreement (as completed and signed) to the address provided below. Investors in Alabama, Arkansas, Maryland, Massachusetts and Tennessee may not use this multi-offering subscription agreement to subscribe to any offering described herein but instead should refer to the subscription agreement for each offering.



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
Form of Investment Management Agreement
(February 1st, 2013)
THIS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of the _____th day of __________, 2013 (this "Agreement") by and between ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN, a Delaware statutory trust ("Fund Sixteen") and ICON CAPITAL, LLC, a Delaware  limited liability company (the "Investment Manager"). All capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Fund Sixteen dated as of _______________, 2013, as amended from time to time (the "Trust Agreement").



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
Form of Escrow Agreement
(February 1st, 2013)
This Escrow Agreement (this "Agreement") made and entered into as of this [__]th day of [_____], 2013 by and among ICON ECI Fund Sixteen, a Delaware statutory trust (the "Company"), UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent, a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America (the "Escrow Agent"), and ICON Securities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Dealer Manager"), for itself and for and on behalf of its selected dealers (the "Selected Dealers").



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
UP TO $250,000,000 IN CLASS a AND CLASS I SHARES OF ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN (A
Delaware Statutory Trust) FORM OF DEALER-MANAGER AGREEMENT
(February 1st, 2013)




ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
UP TO $250,000,000 IN CLASS a AND CLASS I SHARES OF ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN (A
Delaware Statutory Trust) FORM OF SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT
(February 1st, 2013)
ICON Securities, LLC (the "Dealer Manager") entered into an exclusive dealer manager agreement, dated as of _______ __, 2013 (the "Dealer Manager Agreement"), with ICON ECI Fund Sixteen, a statutory trust organized under Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code (the "Company"), pursuant to which the Dealer Manager agreed to use its best efforts to solicit subscriptions in connection with the public offering (the "Offering") of up to $250,000,000 of two classes of the Company's shares, Class A shares and Class I shares (collectively, the "Offered Shares"), on a continuous basis, for an initial purchase price of $1,000.00 per Class A share and $930.00 per Class I share in the primary offering or $930.00 per share issued pursuant to the Company's distribution reinvestment plan (subject to different sales commissions and ongoing fees and expenses and, in certain circumstances, to discounts based upon the volume of shares purchased or other exceptions), with a minimum initial investment 



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
Form of Investment Management Agreement
(November 26th, 2012)
THIS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of the _____th day of __________, 201__ (this "Agreement") by and between ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN, a Delaware statutory trust ("Fund Sixteen") and ICON CAPITAL CORP., a Delaware corporation (the "Investment Manager"). All capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Fund Sixteen dated as of _______________, 201__, as amended from time to time (the "Trust Agreement").



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
UP TO $250,000,000 IN CLASS a AND CLASS I SHARES OF ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN (A
Delaware Statutory Trust) FORM OF SELECTED DEALER AGREEMENT
(November 26th, 2012)
ICON Securities Corp. (the "Dealer Manager") entered into an exclusive dealer manager agreement, dated as of _______ __, 2012 (the "Dealer Manager Agreement"), with ICON ECI Fund Sixteen, a statutory trust organized under Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code (the "Company"), pursuant to which the Dealer Manager agreed to use its best efforts to solicit subscriptions in connection with the public offering (the "Offering") of up to $250,000,000 of two classes of the Company's shares, Class A shares and Class I shares (collectively, the "Offered Shares"), on a continuous basis, for an initial purchase price of $1,000.00 per share in the primary offering or $920.00 per share issued pursuant to the Company's distribution reinvestment plan (subject to different sales commissions and ongoing fees and expenses and, in certain circumstances, to discounts based upon the volume of shares purchased or other exceptions), with a minimum initial investment of $5,000 for Class A shares and $500



ICON ECI Fund Sixteen –
Form of Escrow Agreement
(November 26th, 2012)
This Escrow Agreement (this "Agreement") made and entered into as of this [__]th day of [_____], 201[_] by and among ICON ECI Fund Sixteen, a Delaware statutory trust (the "Company"), UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent, a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America (the "Escrow Agent"), and ICON Securities Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Dealer Manager"), for itself and for and on behalf of its selected dealers (the "Selected Dealers").













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.













Fund 15

























CompanyInvestor Relations









CÄŞON Investment Corporation

ICON Investments > Individual Investors > ECI Fund Fifteen
ICON ECI Fund Fifteen, L.P.
ICON ECI Fund Fifteen, L.P. (“Fund Fifteen”) is an equipment finance fund that will primarily make investments that are collateralized by equipment. Fund Fifteen’s investments will be in domestic and global companies that utilize equipment and other corporate infrastructure (collectively, “Capital Assets”) to operate their businesses. These investments will primarily be structured as debt and debt-like financings, such as loans and leases, that are collateralized by Capital Assets. In some cases, additional assets, such as accounts receivable, intellectual property, inventory, real estate and stock of such businesses, will collateralize Fund Fifteen’s investments to provide added security for such investments. For example, in the event that the Capital Assets that collateralize an investment are not sufficient to cover a loss, Fund Fifteen would also look to these other assets that were provided as security for its investment to mitigate its losses. There can be no assurance, however, that the Capital Assets and other assets securing Fund Fifteen’s investments will be sufficient to cover any losses that could occur in the event that a borrower or lessee defaults in its payments to Fund Fifteen.
Investment Objectives:

Make Cash Distributions
Diversify to Reduce Risk
Provide a Favorable Total Return

Offering Profile:

Fund Offering Size: $418 million with ability to increase to $618 million
Price Per Interest:  $1,000 per interest
Investment Minimums: $5,000 for Qualified and Non-Qualified Accounts
Length of Program:  Anticipated to be at least 9 years 
Suitability: $70,000 income plus $70,000 net worth; or $250,000 net worth (some States may vary)* 
Reporting: Quarterly portfolio overviews

*The jurisdictions of Alabama, Arizona, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Tennessee have additional suitability requirements and/or recommendations.  Please review the prospectus for specific details.  Furthermore, net worth does not include the value of one’s home furnishings, personal automobiles or home.

 

ICON Capital, LLC is the investment manager of ICON ECI Fund Fifteen, L.P. (“Fund Fifteen").  Please read the Fund Fifteen prospectus carefully prior to making any investment decision and consider the risks, charges, expenses and other important information described therein.  Investment in any security involves risk and may lose value.  ICON Securities, LLC does not offer tax, legal, investment, or accounting advice.  Please consult an appropriate professional for advice in these areas.
Current offerings may not be registered for sale in all jurisdictions. Interested parties should request additional information through selling broker/dealers with whom ICON Securities, LLC has an active selling dealer agreement. To locate a participating selling broker/dealer in your jurisdiction, please contact ICON Securities, LLC.
Risks and limitations include, but are not limited to, the following: portion of distributions may be a return of capital; return may be adversely affected by industry uncertainties including unanticipated declines in equipment value; greater losses may result from defaults due to leveraging; substantial fees to affiliates; illiquidity of interests; limited voting rights; subject to conflicts of interest amongst affiliates.
ICON Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, serves as a dealer-manager for ICON® Investment Funds.  ICON Securities, LLC and ICON Capital, LLC are separate, but affiliated companies. When you leave ICON Securities, LLC's website and go to ICON Capital, LLC's website, the information provided therein has been created and is maintained by ICON Capital, LLC.

 






Copyright ÂŠ 1999-2015 ICON Investments. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Sitemap
Developed by CMDS: Website Design and SEO Agency Serving New York
















Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


338k
		Delaware
	

278k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

14k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.



















 








Icon Eci Fund Sixteen  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Sec Exhibit 31 Certifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Icon Eci Fund Sixteen  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
SEC Exhibit 31 Certifications



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Date: 11/8/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day











 



 


Exhibit
31.2












 






 
CERTIFICATION
OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002

 

I,
Mark Gatto, certify that:

 

1.
      
I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ICON ECI Fund
Sixteen;

 

2.
      
Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report;


 


3.
      
Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report;


 


4.
      
I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

 

a.
      
designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;

 

b.
      
desi


 








 














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Fund 16
























CompanyInvestor Relations









CÄŞON Investment Corporation

ICON Investments > Individual Investors > ECI Fund Sixteen
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen ("Fund Sixteen") is an equipment focused credit fund that seeks to make debt and debt-like investments in domestic and international, public and private companies in asset-intensive industries.  These investments will be collateralized by the equipment and corporate infrastructure, or collectively the "Capital Assets," of a company that are deemed crucial to that company's operations.
Investment Objectives:

Preserve investors' capital
Provide cash distributions
Provide a favorable total return

Offering Profile:

Fund offering size:  $250,000,000
Price per share:  Class A:  $1,000  Class I:  $930
Investment minimums:  Class A:  $5,000   Class I:  $5,000 through wrap accounts / $100,000 through non-wrap accounts
Length of program: Anticipated to be at least 9 years
Suitability:  $70,000 income plus $70,000 net worth; or $250,000 net worth*
Reporting:  Quarterly portfolio overviews

*Net worth is exclusive of home, home furnishings and personal automobiles.  To the extent that any state has a different suitability requirement than that stated above, that particular state's guidelines must be met.  Please consult the Fund Sixteen prospectus for state-specific requirements.


Offering Documents
ICON Investments Funds are only available through participating Broker/Dealers and Registered Investment Advisors.  If you are interested in learning whether alternative investments are suitable for your investment needs, please contact your financial advisor.

ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Standard Prospectus - Includes all supplements
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Standard Prospectus - Alabama Investor
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Subscription Agreement *
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Subscription Agreement - Alabama Investor*

* The supplied subscription agreement may only be used by a registered representative or registered investment advisor in conjunction with a prospectus.  ICON Securities, LLC does not conduct any direct sales of securities nor provide any investment advice or consultation to potential investors. 



ICON Capital, LLC is the investment manager of ICON ECI Fund Sixteen (“Fund Sixteen").  Please read the Fund Sixteen prospectus carefully prior to making any investment decision and consider the risks, charges, expenses and other important information described therein.  Investment in any security involves risk and may lose value.  ICON Securities, LLC does not offer tax, legal, investment, or accounting advice.  Please consult an appropriate professional for advice in these areas.
Current offerings may not be registered for sale in all jurisdictions. Interested parties should request additional information through selling broker/dealers with whom ICON Securities, LLC has an active selling dealer agreement. To locate a participating selling broker/dealer in your jurisdiction, please contact ICON Securities, LLC. 

Risks and limitations include, but are not limited to, the following: a portion of distributions may be a return of capital; illiquidity of shares; offering price is not representative of share value; finance industry uncertainties may have adverse affects; greater losses may result from defaults due to leveraging; limited voting rights; possible UBIT for tax-exempt organizations; subject to conflicts of interest amongst affiliates; substantial fees to affiliates.  

ICON Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, serves as a dealer-manager for ICON® Investment Funds.  ICON Securities, LLC and ICON Capital, LLC are separate, but affiliated companies. When you leave ICON Securities, LLC's website and go to ICON Capital, LLC's website, the information provided therein has been created and is maintained by ICON Capital, LLC.








Copyright ÂŠ 1999-2015 ICON Investments. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Sitemap
Developed by CMDS: Website Design and SEO Agency Serving New York

















ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







ICON ECI FUND SIXTEEN


Premium Company Report








The Premium ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$24.99


View subscription options







DBA ICON ECI FUND FIFTEEN, L.P.3 Park Ave - 36th Floor New York, NY 10016 
Company Profile & Financial Information for ICON ECI Fund Sixteen
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's strengths. 
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen operates in the N/A industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$1 - $10 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployeesN/AExact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry N/A

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Revenue and Growth Rate

ICON ECI Fund Sixteen
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 


Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether ICON ECI Fund Sixteen grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof ICON ECI Fund Sixteen is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to ICON ECI Fund Sixteen, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

ICON ECI Fund Sixteen's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as ICON ECI Fund Sixteen and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0145 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.





















Icon Eci Fund Sixteen in New York, NY - (212) 418-4700 - Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Icon Eci Fund Sixteen

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Icon Eci Fund Sixteen



3 Park Ave
New York, NY 10016






Contact:
Pierre Wilson


Title:
Manager


Phone:


                        212-418-4700
                    



Website:







There are 

79
                Companies located at 3 Park Ave, New York, NY 10016
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Icon Eci Fund Sixteen is located in New York, New York. This organization primarily operates in the Management Investment, Open-end business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 4 years. Icon Eci Fund Sixteen is estimated to generate $218,810 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Management Investment, Open-ended



Industry:

Management Investment, Open-end




SIC Code:

6722











Name:
Icon Eci Fund Sixteen


Year Founded:


2013






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 218,810



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 10016






Percentage Population



41,546
White
4,394
Hispanic
2,526
Black
9,793
Asian
240
Native American
87
Hawaiian
1,407
Other


76.7 %
White
8.1 %
Hispanic
4.7 %
Black
18.1 %
Asian
0.4 %
Native American
0.2 %
Hawaiian
2.6 %
Other













Population




Population 
54,183




Female54.2%29,369


Male45.8%24,814




Median Age

32.8




Female31.8


Male33.8






























Questions & Answers









Are there other companies located at 3 Park Ave, New York, NY?





There are 79 commercial tenants at 3 Park Ave, New York, NY.







What are the annual sales for Icon Eci Fund Sixteen?





Icon Eci Fund Sixteen generates approximately $218,810 in annual sales.







Where is Icon Eci Fund Sixteen located?





Icon Eci Fund Sixteen is located at 3 Park Ave, New York, NY 10016.









How long has Icon Eci Fund Sixteen been in business?





Icon Eci Fund Sixteen has been in business for approximately 4 years.







How many people work at Icon Eci Fund Sixteen?





Icon Eci Fund Sixteen has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Icon Eci Fund Sixteen?





Pierre Wilson is the Manager at Icon Eci Fund Sixteen. You can contact Pierre at (212) 418-4700.







What is the phone number for Icon Eci Fund Sixteen?





The phone number for Icon Eci Fund Sixteen is (212) 418-4700







How big is Icon Eci Fund Sixteen?





Icon Eci Fund Sixteen is estimated to generate $218,810 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 10016






Average House Value


                                $ 759,300
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 102,796
                            



Number of Households

32,173



Persons per Household

1.63













Number of Businesses

9,152



Number of Employees

101,311



Land Area (square miles)

0.532



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









