 



MEMSIC to be Acquired by IDG-Accel China Capital II, L.P. and Affiliates | Business Wire


























































MEMSIC to be Acquired by IDG-Accel China Capital II, L.P. and 
      Affiliates






April 23, 2013 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ANDOVER, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MEMSIC, Inc. (NasdaqGM: MEMS), a leading 
      MEMS solution provider, today announced that it has agreed to be 
      acquired by IDG-Accel China Capital II, L.P. and its affiliates MZ 
      Investment Holdings Limited and MZ Investment Holdings Merger Sub 
      Limited (collectively, “IDG”), for $4.225 per share in cash. Affiliates 
      of IDG currently hold approximately 19.5% of the company’s outstanding 
      common stock. IDG and its affiliates will acquire all the outstanding 
      shares of common stock of MEMSIC that are not currently owned by them, 
      including shares underlying outstanding in-the-money equity awards, for 
      approximately $88.5 million.
    

      The price of $4.225 per share in cash represents a premium of:
    


        143% over the $1.74 closing price of MEMSIC’s common stock on November 
        20, 2012, the last trading day before the company announced that it 
        had received a non-binding proposal from IDG-Accel China Growth Fund 
        II L.P. to acquire the company for $4.00 per share;
      

        144% over its average closing share price over the 90 calendar days 
        ended on that date; and
      

        56% over the company’s closing share price of $2.71 on April 22, 2013.
      


      The Board of Directors of MEMSIC, in approving the transaction, acted at 
      the unanimous recommendation of a Special Committee, consisting of the 
      company’s three independent directors, that was appointed in November 
      2012 to consider the IDG proposal and the company’s other strategic 
      alternatives.
    

      MEMSIC’s Lead Director and Chairman of the Special Committee, Roger 
      Blethen, stated “The Special Committee and its advisors conducted a 
      disciplined and independent process intended to ensure the best 
      available outcome for our stockholders. The Board of Directors approved 
      the IDG transaction because it strongly believes, after carefully 
      considering the company’s strategic alternatives, that it is in the best 
      interest of MEMSIC stockholders and the best of the available 
      alternatives. We believe the $4.225 price is fair and that making that 
      value available to our stockholders immediately in cash is more 
      favorable to them than the other alternatives available, including 
      remaining independent.”
    

      The company’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. 
      Yang Zhao, and director Quan Zhou were not members of the Special 
      Committee and did not participate in the deliberations of the Board of 
      Directors approving the merger. Mr. Zhou is an affiliate of IDG. Dr. 
      Zhao will remain employed by the company following the acquisition and 
      will also participate as an equity investor in the acquiring company.
    

      The merger agreement is subject to customary conditions, including a 
      vote of the company’s stockholders. The transaction is expected to close 
      during the third quarter of 2013.
    

      Foley Hoag LLP acted as counsel to MEMSIC. RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
      acted as financial advisor and Richards, Layton and Finger, P.A. acted 
      as special legal counsel to the Special Committee. Skadden, Arps, Slate, 
      Meagher & Flom LLP acted as counsel to IDG.
    

About MEMSIC


      Headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts, MEMSIC, Inc. provides advanced 
      semiconductor sensor and integrated sensing system solutions based on 
      micro electromechanical systems, or MEMS, technology and mixed signal 
      circuit design. Its products include accelerometers, magnetic sensors 
      and electronic compass solutions, integrated high performance inertial 
      measurement units for industrial and avionics applications, MEMS flow 
      sensing systems, and wireless sensing network systems.
    

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements


      Statements included in this press release concerning the expected timing 
      of the closing of the merger are forward-looking statements. Such 
      statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the 
      company’s management and are subject to significant risks and 
      uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth 
      in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause 
      actual results to differ include uncertainties with respect to 
      regulatory approvals, approval by MEMSIC’s stockholders and other 
      conditions to closing. The forward-looking statements contained in this 
      press release are made as of the date hereof, and we do not undertake 
      any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
      result of future events, new information or otherwise.
    

Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It


      In connection with the proposed merger, MEMSIC will file a proxy 
      statement with the SEC. Additionally, MEMSIC and IDG will file other 
      relevant materials, including a Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement, in 
      connection with the proposed acquisition of MEMSIC by IDG pursuant to 
      the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among MZ Investment 
      Holdings Limited, MZ Investment Holdings Merger Sub Limited and MEMSIC. 
      The proxy statement, Schedule 13-3 transaction statement and other 
      materials to be filed by MEMSIC with the SEC (when they become 
      available) may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s web site at 
      www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free 
      copies of the documents filed with the SEC by MEMSIC by directing a 
      written request to MEMSIC, One Tech Drive, Suite 325, Andover, MA 01810, 
      Attention: Investor Relations.
    

      Investors and security holders of MEMSIC are urged to read the proxy 
      statement, the Schedule 13E-3 transaction statement and the other 
      relevant materials when they become available before making any voting 
      or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they 
      will contain important information about the merger and the parties to 
      the merger.
    

      MEMSIC and certain of its directors, executive officers and affiliates 
      may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the 
      security holders of MEMSIC in connection with the proposed merger.
    

      Information about those directors, executive officers and affiliates of 
      MEMSIC and their ownership of MEMSIC common stock is set forth in the 
      proxy statement for MEMSIC’s 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which 
      was filed with the SEC on June 1, 2012, and is supplemented by other 
      public filings made, and to be made, with the SEC by MEMSIC. Information 
      regarding the direct and indirect interests of MEMSIC, its executive 
      officers and directors and other participants in the solicitation, which 
      may, in some cases, be different from those of MEMSIC security holders 
      generally, will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the 
      merger when it becomes available.
    


Contacts

Investors:LHAHarriet Fried, 978-738-0900 x240ir@MEMSIC.com













Contacts

Investors:LHAHarriet Fried, 978-738-0900 x240ir@MEMSIC.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














IDG-ACCEL China Capital Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:13 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of IDG-ACCEL China Capital Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
IDG-Accel China Investors, L.P. specializes in growth capital and late stage investments. The fund seeks to invest in information technology, healthcare, consumer technologies, and other emerging technologies. The fund seeks to invest in companies based in the People's Republic of China.


Rm 616 Tower A, COFCO Plaza8 Jianguomen nei DajieBeijing,  100005ChinaFounded in 2007



Phone: 86 10 6526 2400

Fax: 86 10 6526 0700








Key Executives for IDG-ACCEL China Capital Fund




Mr. Ping Li


      	Partner, General Partner, and Principal
      


Age: 45
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 5V Inc. Asia 86Research Limited Asia Aerospace Securities Co., Ltd. Asia AHCOF Futures Co., Ltd. Asia ALC Advisors, Inc. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 11, 2016
			    
Cassia Networks, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact IDG-ACCEL China Capital Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































IDG-ACCEL CHINA GROWTH FUND ASSOCIATES L.P. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






IDG-ACCEL CHINA GROWTH FUND ASSOCIATES L.P.






UNIT 5505, THE CENTRE, 99 QUEEN'S RD, CENTRAL,  , 00000, (522) 529-1016

No Holdings for this institution






Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX






































IDG-ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES L.P.- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























IDG-ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES L.P.



Register for more
















 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Overview



												   Idg-accel China Capital Associates L.p. is an investment advisor. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/13 to 09/30/16.
												



Unlock Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration









					
					 IDG-ACCEL CHINA StockAlpha 
					
					






-52.6%





Top 25%



3yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness






Unlock Positions and Returns Details














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report


								Your requested report is being generated and will be emailed to you when ready. If you do not receive the report, please check your spam folder, email info@symmetric.io or call 866-243-4178
								














FEATURED IN





















 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since















 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Investment Strategy


				
					   ...Unlock Full Investment Process Description







 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Portfolio Concentration




Unlock Portfolio Concentration











 IDG-ACCEL CHINA Location



 












  IDG-ACCEL CHINA Contact Information



							Phone Number: NULL
							Fax Number: NULL
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS





















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here





















 Path A		  










IDG-Accel China Growth Fund Associates LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























idg-accel china growth fund associates lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
IDG-Accel China Growth Fund Associates LP operates as an investment management firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

Unit 1509, The Center
99 Queens Road
Central
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































﻿







Idg-Accel China Capital Associates Lp – Octafinance

















































 








Saturday, 29 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Idg-Accel China Capital Associates Lp 

Idg-Accel China Capital Associates Lp 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Idg-Accel China Capital Associates Lp and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/idg-accel-china-capital-associates-lp/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$83,929,000Previous Mkt Value:$88,668,000Chg Mkt Value %:-5.34 % Sentiment:BearishTurnover %:0.00 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:0Additional Purchases:0Sold out:0Reduced:0Top 10 Holdings %:100%






Idg-Accel China Capital Associates Lp Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    SFUN - SOUFUN HLDGS LTD		

                    SFUN		

                    47,506		

                    2,116,061		

                    56.60		

                    60.02		



                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    FINANCE		

                    0.57		



                    2		

                    SKY SOLAR HLDGS LTD		



                    36,423		

                    97,453,914		

                    43.40		

                    39.98		



                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		










IDG-ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New Buys-----




13F Sector AllocationFinance57 %----






IDG-ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
 The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$194,525,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$161,503,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$115,544,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$117,433,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$195,959,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$185,377,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$126,505,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$168,942,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$90,907,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$88,668,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$83,929,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Saturday, 29 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)
























IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. (CIK 0001500732) 13-F filings























Search13F



Fund and stock screener
Stock reports
Fund reports

Support

FAQ
Full-text search
Custom software development
Policies & disclaimer
Contact us




Login or create an account













IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P.




Assets under management


CIK 0001500732
17Q1


                    Change


=

                    Change from trades
 

+

                    Change from market
 

 Turnover
  




16Q4













                The data for two last quarters and top 20 holdings is shown free of charge. Create a paid account today,
                starting
                at only $4.99 to get full access!
            
Securities held by this fund. Quarterly values are $1,000s.



CUSIP
Security name
Historic max
Change from last Q

14Q1
14Q2
14Q3
14Q4
15Q1
15Q2
15Q3
15Q4
16Q1
16Q2
16Q3
16Q4
17Q1





836034108

SOUFUN HLDGS LTD
161,503
0.00%
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
0
0



83084J103

SKY SOLAR HLDGS LTD
154,952
0.00%
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
0
0














×

Find Out What Top Hedge Fund Managers Are Really Investing In!


Picking stocks can be a very difficult process, involving lots of research and a lot of
                    uncertainty.
But what if you were able to quickly and easily tell what top hedge fund managers are investing
                    in? What if you could see where famous investors like Warren Buffet and David Einhorn are
                    putting their money?
Well, now you can – without spending hours going through 13F filings!
Our Search13F account doesn’t just
                    allow you to track hedge fund investments, it also keeps you on top of institutional investor
                    trends, lets you identify low-turnover portfolios, allows you to determine the real causes of AUM
                    changes and much more.
This powerful tool will save your a lot of time and hard work and will give yourself the best
                    chance to grow your earnings in the future.

Get the Full, Feature-Packed Version
                        for just $4.99



Close and never show again








































IDG-Accel%20China%20Capital%20 | IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. 

                Last Update: 11-14-2016 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 1

                    Number of New Stocks: 0




                    Total Value: $36 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 0%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P. has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






IDG-Accel China Capital Associates L.P.'s Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



























BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Idg Vc Management Ltd. - Financial Services Firm - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Idg Vc Management Ltd.





Idg Vc Management Ltd.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Idg Vc Management Ltd.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Idg Vc Management Ltd. is a RIA.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
N/A




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A



Website







Location
        




There is no location data at this time.










Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 19, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Aiqi Vc Investment Consultancy (Beijing) Co. Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Capital Investment Consultancy (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Capital Investment Consultancy (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Capital Management (Hk) Limited
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Capital Fund Gp III Associates Ltd
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Capital Fund III Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Media Fund Associates II L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Media Fund Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Venture Capital Fund Gp IV Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Venture Capital Fund IV Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investment Iii, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investment Iv, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investment V, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investments, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Vc Management (Macau) Limited
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital Gp Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital Gp II Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Investors Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital II Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund Gp II Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund Gp III Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund II Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund III Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Chising Ho

Director  & Cfo
      
November, 2007
      
less than 5%
      


Quan Zhou

Director, & President
      
June, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Idg Vc Management Ltd. - Financial Services Firm - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Idg Vc Management Ltd.





Idg Vc Management Ltd.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Idg Vc Management Ltd.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Idg Vc Management Ltd. is a RIA.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
N/A




# OF EMPLOYEES
None


Total Assets
N/A



Website







Location
        




There is no location data at this time.










Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 19, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.









Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Aiqi Vc Investment Consultancy (Beijing) Co. Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Capital Investment Consultancy (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Capital Investment Consultancy (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Capital Management (Hk) Limited
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Capital Fund Gp III Associates Ltd
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Capital Fund III Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Media Fund Associates II L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Media Fund Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Venture Capital Fund Gp IV Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg China Venture Capital Fund IV Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investment Iii, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investment Iv, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investment V, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Technology Venture Investments, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Idg Vc Management (Macau) Limited
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital Gp Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital Gp II Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Investors Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Capital II Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund Gp II Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund Gp III Associates Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund II Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Idg-Accel China Growth Fund III Associates L.P.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Chising Ho

Director  & Cfo
      
November, 2007
      
less than 5%
      


Quan Zhou

Director, & President
      
June, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees











There is no compensation data available to display at this time




















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































13F Portfolio: IDG ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES LP












Stock Ideas

Hedge Fund Trade Spotlight
High Conviction IPO Stocks
Biotech Stocks that Hedge Funds are Buying
Top Undervalued Stock Picks
50 Stocks that Matter Most to Hedge Funds



Stocks

Validate Your Stock
Consensus Stock Picks


Real-Time Insights

Hedge Funds

Hedge Fund Portfolios
Hedge Fund Managers
Find Your Hedge Fund Match



HM Pro

Pro Stock Screener
Institutional Portfolios
Institutional Investors




Sign InSubscribe Now2-Weeks Free Trial




HedgeMind.com > 
    Institutional Portfolios > 
    IDG ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES LP > 
    2016-09-30  





Find Institutional Investor
Institutional Investor Browse Institutional Investors

Time Period2016-09-302016-06-302016-03-312015-12-312015-09-302015-06-302015-03-31
ActivityAllNewIncreasedUnchangedDecreasedSold Out
Security TypeAllStockOptions (PUT, CALL)Fixed Income
Top Percentile?Use this filter to see holdings within a selected percentile portfolio.For example, click 10 to show only holdings in the top 10 percentile.100908070605040302010% Sectors?Use the pull down list to add one or more sectors to the space below and click Apply to filter out the holdings that belong to your selected sector(s).Apply Clear< select a sector >Basic IndustriesCapital GoodsConsumer DurablesConsumer Non-DurablesConsumer ServicesEnergyFinanceHealth CareMiscellaneousPublic UtilitiesTechnologyTransportationn/aunidentified Stock Style?Stock Style shows hedge fund manager's main investment focus in Value or Growth. It is determined based on analysis of portfolio holdings that are part of about 3000 US Stocks.ResetStyleMarket CapLargeValueMidBlendSmallGrowth000000000



IDG ACCEL CHINA CAPITAL ASSOCIATES LP

Time Period2016-09-30

Total Holdings2

Total Value ($x1000)83,929


Activities
New0Increased0Unchanged2Decreased0Sold Out0 

Top  Stock Holdingstotal 100%

SFUN56.6SKYS43.4 

-- hover over a symbol below for details --

SEC 13FFilingDetail


Sort:Portfolio Weight (%)Growth or ValuePosition ValueChange RateSectorA-ZGraphSFUN56.6%ADRSKYS43.4%SPONSORED ADR








© 2017 HedgeMind.com, LLC. All rights reserved
Site MapDisclaimerTermsPrivacyContact Us


