










 













 




 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




iDocsWeb, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:04 AM ET

Company Overview of iDocsWeb, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
iDocsWeb, LLC operates in the healthcare industry. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Creve Coeur, Missouri.


842 North New Ballas CourtSuite 206Creve Coeur, MO 63141United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 314-322-3509








Key Executives for iDocsWeb, LLC


iDocsWeb, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact iDocsWeb, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























iDocsWeb LLC Download | ZDNet




		This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please
		view our cookie policy.
	





                            Edition: 



            Asia
        



            Australia
        



            Europe
        



            India
        



            United Kingdom
        



            United States
        

ZDNet around the globe:


            ZDNet Belgium
        



            ZDNet China
        



            ZDNet France
        



            ZDNet Germany
        



            ZDNet Korea
        



            ZDNet Japan
        























Go









 












iDocsWeb LLC


                    By 
                    iDocsWeb
                    |
                    October 3, 2016





















 Download
                Download
            
        iDocsWeb provider is a telemedicine app for Doctors / providers to login and have teleconference with their patients. The app has a provider login based on the Nursing Care Centres he is associated with. The features of the app are: 1. Provider Login2. Appointment History of the logged in provider3. Notifications for new tele medicine appointments4. Start Meeting with the Nursing care centre5. Capture SOAP Notes and ROS of patients6. View patient vital details7. Invite specialists for expert opinion8. View SOAP Notes History9. Manage provider profile10. View Login History 11. Approve SOAP Notes written by Specialists12. Manage provider login passwords13. Contact Support.
    LicenseFreeVersion1.0Operating System
                                            Android 
                                    










×
Thank You



Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription

I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy.
                     I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time).

ACCEPT & CLOSE





Newsletters

You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center.










See
                    All
                  





See
                    All
                  




























iDocsWeb | Home Page







































Telemedicine for skilled nursing facilities
Want to protect your census and reduce re-admission rates? Interested in increasing your revenues? 
                        Do you like to enhance resident and family satisfaction and provide outstanding clinical care to your residents? 
                        Do you want real-time access to Board Certified Specialists? Are you interested in after-hours clinical care?
Learn More








Telemedicine for assisted living facilities
Residents in Assisted Living facilities can benefit from timely preventive care by quickly reaching their doctor via Telemedicine. 
                        During after hours and weekends they can reach our doctors for most of their clinical care needs.
Learn More








Telemedicine for urgent care facilities
iDocsWeb for Urgent Care was designed with efficiency and follow-up care in mind.
Learn More









Solutions conceived and designed by physicians
iDocsWeb is different from other telemedicine companies in part because it was developed and is currently operated by actively practicing physicians who experience the challenges of efficient care first-hand and on a daily basis. This has resulted in a truly turn-key telemedicine solution. Patients and families benefit from the better care while physicians, nurses, and administrators benefit from the better quality of life.




The Tools for Better Care
While traditional Telemedicine companies aim to replace doctors, we aim to assist doctors. Our approach is simple and effective- we provide the tools needed for better care.







Realtime Consultation
Our solution seamlessly links your patients with their existing doctors regardless of physical location.







Afterhours MD Coverage
We bring off-site doctors to your patients on nights and weekend using the iDocsWeb platform.






  

Specialists
Our specialists will assist your doctors in treating patients where it is safest and most convenient- right at their bedside.












"iDocsWeb has been an asset to our facility operations. Implementation of this program has allowed us to improve our continuum of care and decrease our re-hospitalization rate. Our clients are more comfortable knowing access to a physician is available anytime around the clock."


 

Tim Peimann,
Administrator, Mckinney Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center






"Since the introduction of iDocsWeb systems to our community, it has been an exceptional benefit to us. Not only has it helped us in preventing potential bounce backs to the hospitals, the iDocsWeb systems has also helped in giving our nurses the needed confidence to perform clinical assessment on complex residents’ change in conditions – confidence gained by observing the physicians during several iDocWeb sessions."


 

Chudy Uchegbu,
Administrator, Millbrook Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center






"iDocsWeb Telemedicine platform equips our physicians, clinicians and administrators with a progressive and thoughtful approach to managing and ensuring the Quality of Life of our residents. As an Operator I feel I have provided my team with an extraordinary tool to take on unnecessary hospitalization, maximize internal expert resources and achieve stakeholder satisfaction. iDocsWeb offers a solution to our strategic plan to advance our Quality goals and achieve Operational efficiencies at the same time."


 

Meera Riner,
Chief Operating Officer, Nexion Health Management




View all testimonials 








 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















iDocsWeb | Contact
































Contact Us




Write us
if you have any questions, you want to meet up or you need more information, send us a message.

 Call us at (800) 990-7993
 Email us at support@idocsweb.com


Find us on social media













Send us a message.
 
 


 



First Name



Last Name



 
Email Address


 
Phone Number



 
Write a message







 Submit





 









 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login
















IDOCSWEB, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      IDOCSWEB, LLC
                    

•   CREVE COEUR, MO
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Idocsweb is based out of Creve Coeur.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-21.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from IDOCSWEB, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




idocsweb, llc


842 N. NEW BALLAS CT. #206

CREVE COEUR
MO
                                                        
                                                    63141


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      314-322-3509







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/21/2016
D filed on 07/25/2016
D filed on 11/12/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-21
D/A
OTHER HEALTH CARE

      Equity
    
300,000
300,000
0


2016-07-25
D
OTHER HEALTH CARE

      Equity
    
150,000
150,000
0


2014-11-12
D
OTHER HEALTH CARE

      Equity
    
205,000
105,000
100,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




SURESH   NELLORE

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free
























iDocsWeb | Terms and Conditions



























Terms of Use




PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT BELOW AND INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE BY CLICKING THE “AGREE” BUTTON AT THE END OF THE AGREEMENT BELOW.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE IDOCSWEB. 
Welcome to the iDocsWeb service (“iDocsWeb”), which is owned and operated by iDocsWeb, LLC (“Company”).  To use iDocsWeb you must agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this End User Agreement and Terms of Use (this “Agreement”).  [By clicking the “AGREE” checkbox,] you are indicating that you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement.  If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you are not authorized to use access or use iDocsWeb. Please print and keep a copy of this Agreement.  It is your responsibility to review these terms and conditions each time you use or access iDocsWeb. 



IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR USE OF IDOCSWEB.
DO NOT USE THIS SITE FOR EMERGENCY MEDICAL NEEDS.  If you experience a medical emergency, call 911 immediately. 
The Company does not provide any physicians’ or other providers’ services itself.  All of the providers are independent service providers (the “Service Providers” and each a “Service Provider”) and are merely using iDocsWeb as a way to communicate with you.Any information or advice received from a Service Provider comes from them alone and not from the Company. Your interactions with the Service Providers via iDocsWeb are not intended to take the place of your relationship or interactions with your regular healthcare providers. You hereby agree and acknowledge that neither the Company nor any of its licensors or suppliers or any third parties who promote iDocsWeb or provide you with a link to iDocsWeb shall be liable for any claims, losses, damages, expenses, demands, suits, judgments, penalties, and costs of any kind whatsoever arising out of: (i) professional advice you obtain from a Service Provider via iDocsWeb or (ii) any other information you obtain through your use of iDocsWeb. The Company does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, medications, products or procedures. You acknowledge that your reliance on any Service Providers or information provided via iDocsWeb is solely at your own risk and you assume full responsibility for all risk associated therewith. 
The Company does not make any representations or warranties about the training or skill of any Service Providers.  [You will be provided with a list of available Service Providers based solely on the information that you or your employer or plan sponsor provide, e.g. symptoms, medical specialty.]  You are responsible for choosing your Service Provider. 
You hereby certify that you are physically located in the State you [choose/have chosen as your current location.] You acknowledge that your ability to access and use iDocsWeb is conditioned upon the truthfulness of this certification and that the Service Providers you access are relying upon this certification in order to interact with you.  In the event that your certification is inaccurate, you agree to indemnify the Company and the Service Providers you interact with from any resulting damages, costs or claims. 
WEBSITE CONTENT
Other than information received directly by you from the respective Service Providers with whom you interact, the content on iDocsWeb should not be considered medical advice. You should always talk to an appropriately qualified healthcare professional for diagnosis and treatment, including information regarding which medications or treatment that may be appropriate for you. None of the content on iDocsWeb constitutes a representation or warranty that any particular medication or treatment is safe, appropriate, or effective for you. Without limitation, the Company does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, Service Providers, medications, products or procedures. 
ACCOUNT ENROLLMENT 
To access iDocsWeb, [you must first enroll to establish an individual user account (“Account”), by providing certain information.] You agree that you will not create more than one Account or create an account for anyone other than yourself without first receiving permission from the other person. In exchange for your use of iDocsWeb and, if applicable, in order for Service Providers to send notices to you, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Account enrollment form; and (ii) each time you log on, maintain and promptly update such Account information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or the Company has reasonable grounds to suspect that such Account information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, the Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of iDocsWeb.  You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and possess the legal right and ability to agree to this Agreement. 
LEGAL NOTICES
ACCEPTABLE USE
You agree not to access or use iDocsWeb in an unlawful way or for an unlawful or illegitimate purpose or in any manner that contravenes this Agreement.  You shall not post, use, store, or transmit (a) a message or information under a false name; (b) information that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, fraudulent, predatory of minors, harassing, threatening or hateful to any person or in any manner; or (c) information that infringes or violates any of the intellectual property rights of others or the privacy or publicity rights of others.  You shall not attempt to disrupt the operation of iDocsWeb by any method, including through use of methods such as viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, denial of service attacks, flooding or spamming.  You shall not use iDocsWeb in any manner that could damage, disable or impair its services or networks.  You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any user accounts or computer systems or networks, through hacking, password mining or any other means.  You shall not use any robot, scraper or other means to access iDocsWeb. 
OPERATION AND RECORD RETENTION
The Company reserves complete and sole discretion with respect to the operation of iDocsWeb. The Company may, among other things withdraw, suspend or discontinue any functionality or feature of iDocsWeb.   Subject to applicable law, the Company reserves the right to maintain, delete or destroy all communications and materials posted or uploaded to iDocsWeb. 
LINKS
Areas of iDocsWeb or the portal may contain links to other web sites.  Please note that when you click on any of these links, you are entering another web site for which the Company does not have responsibility or control.  The inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by us of the linked site or any medical or other information contained therein.  You are encouraged to read the terms and conditions, data-gathering practices and privacy policies of all linked sites.  You agree that the Company shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of the presence of such links on iDocsWeb. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All of the content available on or through iDocsWeb is the property of the Company or its licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property law.  The Company gives you permission to display, download, store and print the content only for your personal, non-commercial use.  You agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast, or circulate the content received through iDocsWeb to anyone.  Any copy made of information obtained through iDocsWeb must include a copyright notice.  All software and accompanying documentation made available for download from iDocsWeb is the copyrighted work of the Company or its licensors. 
All Company trade and service names, including, but not limited to “iDocsWeb” are trademarks of iDocsWeb, LLC.  All other brands and names are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained in iDocsWeb should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this site without the express written permission of the Company or such other third-party that may own the trademark. 
Subject to this Agreement, the Company hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the software, network facilities, content, and documentation on and in iDocsWeb to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to access and use iDocsWeb in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
The license granted herein does not permit you, and you agree not to: (a) modify, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create derivative works of iDocsWeb or allow a third party, whether directly or indirectly (including, but not limited to the direct or indirect use of wizards, agents, bots, or other utilities), to modify, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create derivative works of iDocsWeb; or (b) transfer, distribute, sell, lease, rent, disclose or provide access to iDocsWeb to any third party or use iDocsWeb to provide service bureau, time sharing or other services to third parties. 
DISCLAIMERS
ACCESS TO IDOCSWEB AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO IDOCSWEB WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED; NOR DOES THE COMPANY MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENCY, QUALITY, COMPLETENESS, USEFULNESS, PERFORMANCE, SECURITY, LEGALITY OR SUITABILITY OF IDOCSWEB OR ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.  YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF IDOCSWEB AND YOUR RELIANCE UPON ANY OF ITS CONTENTS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. 
YOU SHALL BE SOLELY AND FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM, ANY LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY IMPROPER USE OR IMPROPER DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION CAUSED BY YOU OR ANY PERSON USING YOUR LOGIN CODE OR PASSWORD. THE COMPANY CANNOT AND DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES ARISING FROM THE FAILURE OF ANY TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE, OR THE INTERNET OR FOR YOUR MISUSE OF ANY OF ADVICE, IDEAS, INFORMATION, INSTRUCTIONS OR GUIDELINES ACCESSED THROUGH IDOCSWEB. 
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH IDOCSWEB OR ANY OF ITS CONTENT, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING IDOCSWEB.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR USE OF IDOCSWEB OR ANY OF ITS CONTENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, ANY INFRINGEMENT BY ANY CONTENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY PERSONAL INJURY, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR COMPUTER OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF IDOCSWEB OR THE COMPANY SYSTEMS, WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, MALPRACTICE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
YOU HEREBY RELEASE THE COMPANY AND HOLD IT AND ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND DAMAGES OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTUAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL), KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED AND UNSUSPECTED, DISCLOSED AND UNDISCLOSED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF IDOCSWEB.  YOU WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL LAW LIMITING OR PROHIBITING A GENERAL RELEASE. 
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY IS NOT ENGAGED IN THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE AND THAT THE COMPANY IS NOT DETERMINING APPROPRIATE USE, MEDICAL OR OTHERWISE, OF IDOCSWEB.  THE COMPANY, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND ALL THIRD PARTIES WHO PROMOTE IDOCSWEB OR PROVIDE YOU WITH A LINK TO IDOCSWEB EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE DELIVERY OF HEALTHCARE VIA IDOCSWEB, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LIABILITY FOR MEDICAL MALPRACTICE. 
INTERNATIONAL USE
iDocsWeb is designed for and intended for users in the United States. The Company makes no representation that the information and services provided on iDocsWeb are applicable to, appropriate for, or available to users in locations outside the United States. Accessing iDocsWeb from territories where the content is illegal is prohibited. If you choose to access the site from a location outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with local laws. 
TERMINATION
The Company may suspend or terminate your access to iDocsWeb at any time, for any reason or for no reason.  The Company has the right (but not the obligation) to refuse to provide access to iDocsWeb to any person, agency or organization, or to prohibit any person, agency or organization from using iDocsWeb, at any time, for any reason or for no reason at all, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
INDEMNIFICATION
Without limiting the generality or effect of other provisions of this Agreement, as a condition of use, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, suppliers and their members, managers, officers, directors, affiliates, subcontractors, agents and employees (collectively, “Indemnified Parties” and each, individually, an “Indemnified Party”) against all costs, expenses, liabilities and damages (including reasonable attorney’s fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with any third party claims arising out of or in any way related to: (i) your use of iDocsWeb; (ii) your failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations; and (iii) your breach of any obligations set forth in this Agreement.  You shall not settle any such claim without the written consent of the applicable Indemnified Party. 
ELECTRONIC CONTRACTING AND NOTICES
You agree and consent to the terms of this Agreement by [clicking the “AGREE” checkbox.]  You agree that the Company may send to you in electronic form any privacy or other notices, disclosures, reports, documents, communications or other records regarding the services (collectively, “Notices”).  The Company can send you electronic Notices (1) to the e-mail address that you provided during registration, or (2) by posting the Notice on iDocsWeb or otherwise through the site. The delivery of any Notice from the Company is effective when sent, regardless of whether you read the Notice when you receive it or whether you actually receive the delivery.  You can withdraw your consent to receive Notices electronically by canceling or discontinuing your use of iDocsWeb.
INFORMED CONSENT 
By clicking the “AGREE” button you acknowledge that you are consenting to receiving care via iDocsWeb. The scope of care will be at the sole discretion of the Service Provider who is treating you, with no guarantee of diagnosis, treatment, or prescription. The Company respects and upholds patient confidentiality with respect to protected health information as outlined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and, subject to HIPAA regulations, will obtain express patient consent prior to sharing any patient-identifiable information to a third party for purposes other than treatment, payment or healthcare operations. 
INFORMED CONSENT FOR SERVICES PERFORMED BY SERVICE PROVIDERS 
The Company is providing this information on behalf of Service Providers that participate in iDocsWeb: 
Telemedicine involves the use of electronic communications to enable Service Providers at sites remote from patients to provide consultative services. Service Providers may include primary care practitioners, specialists, and/or subspecialists. The information may be used for diagnosis, therapy, follow-up and/or education, and will include live two-way audio and video and other materials (e.g. medical records, data from medical devices). 
An encounter summary will be provided to the patient at the end of each encounter which may be kept for the patient’s records and may be shared with the patient’s local primary care or other provider, as appropriate. 
Possible Risks of Telemedicine:
As with any medical procedure, there are potential risks associated with the use of telemedicine. These risks may include, without limitation, the following: 
Delays in medical evaluation and consultation or treatment may occur due to deficiencies or failures of the equipment. 
Security protocols could fail, causing a breach of privacy of personal medical information. 
Lack of access to complete medical records may result in adverse drug interactions or allergic reactions or other negative outcomes. 
Any other risks arising from the provision and receipt of medical care, including the risk of misdiagnosis, injury, illness, or death, whether due to the lack of an in-person medical examination or otherwise. 
By accepting this Agreement, you acknowledge that you understand and agree with the following: 

I understand that the laws that protect privacy and the confidentiality of medical information also apply to telemedicine.
I understand that telemedicine may involve electronic communication of my personal medical information to Service Providers who may be located in other areas, including out of state.
I understand that I may expect the anticipated benefits from the use of telemedicine in my care, but that no results can be guaranteed or assured.
I understand that my healthcare information may be shared with other individuals for treatment, payment and healthcare operations purposes. 

                I further understand that my healthcare information may be shared in compliance with applicable law in the following circumstances:
                
When a valid court order is issued for medical records. 
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. 
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety. 



Patient Consent to the Use of Telemedicine 
I have read and understand the information provided above, and understand the risks and benefits of telemedicine, and by accepting this Agreement I hereby give my informed consent to participate in a telemedicine visit under the terms described herein. 
MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri without regard to it rules on conflicts or choice of law.  The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.  You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State where the Company’s principal offices are located for the resolution of any dispute based upon or relating to this Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the sole agreement between you and the Company for your use and the Company’s provision of iDocsWeb and the subject matter hereof, and no representations, statements or inducements, oral or written, not contained in this Agreement shall bind either you or the Company.  Any of the terms of this Agreement which are determined to be invalid or unenforceable shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability, without rendering invalid or unenforceable any of the remaining terms of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of the Agreement as a whole.  Failure to insist on performance of any of the terms of the Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any subsequent default.  No waiver by the Company of any right under this Agreement will be deemed to be either a waiver of any other right or provision or a waiver of that same right or provision at any other time.  You may not assign, transfer or delegate your rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties and the parties’ respective successors and permitted assigns.  Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement may not be modified, supplemented, qualified, or interpreted except in writing signed by the parties. 
A printed version of this Agreement and of any related notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 
PRIVACY POLICY
The Company operates iDocsWeb.  The Company is committed to ensuring that your personal information shared over iDocsWeb is protected and kept confidential.   By accepting this Agreement or providing information to the Company via its website, you consent to the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Please note that the use and disclosure of such information is also subject to the practices of the Service Providers with whom you may interact through iDocsWeb. 
Information Collection 
Personal information or protected health information is information that includes, but is not limited to, identifying data such as name, social security number, address, contact information, as well as information about personal health issues submitted through iDocsWeb.  This is the information the Company aims to protect. 
The Company will only collect information that you voluntarily submit.  The Company knows that privacy is of the utmost importance, and is committed to keeping confidential any and all personally identifiable information that identifies an individual whether or not it relates to an individual’s past, present, or future physical or mental health condition. 
As a Business Associate of healthcare providers that are Covered Entities (as those terms are defined in HIPAA) under the federal healthcare privacy and security rules (HIPAA and HITECH), the Company maintains protected health information in compliance with these rules and its contractual obligations with healthcare providers. The Company’s focus is providing a platform to allow individuals to receive telehealth services from various healthcare providers.  The Company collects information solely for the purposes of providing iDocsWeb, marketing and promoting services to you and for market research data. 
The Company assumes you are giving consent to this information collection and use, but also gives you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information by emailing the Company at [info@idocsweb.com]. 
The Company maintains web logs to record data about all visitors who use this site and interact with iDocsWeb and will store this information.  These logs may contain IP address information, types of operating system you use, the date and time you visited the site, and information about the type of device you use to connect to iDocsWeb. 
All web logs, if any, shall be stored securely and are accessible to a limited number of persons.
Non-Personal Identification/Cookies Technology 
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them.  A cookie file, for instance, may collect user ID information such as items in a shopping cart while navigating a site, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you provide. 
The Company may use cookie technology in the aggregate as opposed to using any personally identifiable information, to understand how users collectively use iDocsWeb. This helps the Company continually improve iDocsWeb. 
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, but if you prefer not to receive cookies you can set your browser to warn you or refuse cookies all together by turning them off in your browser. 
The Company may also use non-personal information to analyze data into useful information. This process of data mining is done in the aggregate, is non-personal, and allows the Company to find correlations and patterns in the data. 
Security 
The Company is a Business Associate of healthcare professionals under HIPAA. Your personal information will be stored in a secure manner.  The Company has implemented a variety of encryption and security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information which is stored in the Company’s computer systems from unauthorized access. The Company also maintains physical and electronic procedural safeguards that limit access to your personal information to employees (or people working on the Company’s behalf and under confidentiality agreements) who, through the course of standard business activities, need to access your personal information.
Access to iDocsWeb is enabled only by usernames and passwords.  You should maintain your username and password in strict confidence.  In no event should you share your username or password with any third party or allow another person to access iDocsWeb using your username and password.  Please notify the Company if you have any reason to believe that your username or password has been lost or compromised or misused in any way.  You are fully and solely responsible for any and all use of iDocsWeb using your username and password.  The Company reserves the right to revoke or deactivate your username and password at any time. 
Self Review Of Data And Ability To Delete Your Account Information 
You may request to delete any personal information and to de-authorize the collection of personal information in the future by sending an email to [info@idocsweb.com].  
Children
The Company does not knowingly allow individuals under the age 18 to create accounts that allow access to iDocsWeb. 
Changes To This Privacy Policy 
The Company may amend this Privacy Policy in the future, with or without notice to you.  In the event changes are made, changes may be posted on iDocsWeb and at other places the Company deems appropriate. 
DMCA NOTICE 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law.  If you believe in good faith that materials appearing on iDocsWeb infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send the Company a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked.  In addition, if you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send the Company a counter-notice.  Notices and counter-notices must meet statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. 
In accordance with the DMCA, the Company has designated an agent to receive notification of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the DMCA.  Any written notification of claimed infringement should comply with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(3)(A) and should be provided in writing to address for copyright notices 
Please note:  If you materially misrepresent that online material, product, or activity is infringing your copyrights, you may be liable for damages (including court costs and attorneys’ fees) and could be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury.  You should consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. 








 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login




















iDocsWeb | FAQs




























FAQ's





About iDocsWeb and Telemedicine



What is Telemedicine?

Telemedicine connects doctors with patients through the internet using chat, telephone or video-conferencing. The process pairs modern communication technology with the medicine, making healthcare more convenient and cost-effective.




Who is iDocsWeb?

iDocsWeb is a provider of telemedicine using a national network of Board Certified doctors to provide the highest quality health care around the clock every day of the year.




 When should I use iDocsWeb?

Telemedicine, including iDocsWeb, should not replace your primary care doctor for chronic conditions and routine health care. However, virtual medicine can take the place of a trip to urgent care or an unfamiliar out of town doctor for many illnesses. It also helps when the wait is simply too long or too inconvenient to see your regular physician, but your condition will not wait.






Can I use iDocsWeb for emergency services?

NEVER use iDocsWeb or any telemedicine provider if you are experiencing a life or death medical emergency. In these situations, always dial 9-1-1 immediately.




Can I access iDocsWeb on my SmartPhone or tablet?

Yes, iDocsWeb can be accessed on most mobile devices with an Internet connection.








Frequently asked questions for Providers



Are the iDocsWeb physicians real U.S. doctors?

Yes, we are all US Board Certified physicians licensed in various states to practice medicine. Our specialties range from family medicine to pediatrics to emergency medicine. Dr. Suresh Nellore, an Infectious Disease Specialist in St. Louis, operating the largest such practice in Missouri, founded iDocsWeb.




What are the iDocsWeb physicians’ qualifications?

All our doctors are active, practicing physicians in the United States. They are Board Certified and fully credentialed under the NCQA guidelines, just like doctors at any medical clinic, urgent care facility or hospital. The iDocsWeb doctors pass background checks through the National Practitioner Databank and the American Medical Association before being considered for the iDocsWeb network. Each physician must follow accepted national standards for medical practice and receive regular reviews through our quality assurance/quality improvement process as mandated by NCQA.




What is Board Certification?

Board Certification demonstrates a doctor’s expertise in a specialty or subspecialty of medicine beyond their basic medical license to practice.






What is the NCQA?

The National Committee for Quality Assurance is a private not-for-profit organization dedicated to improving the quality of healthcare.




What languages are available through iDocsWeb providers?

Currently we only offer English and Spanish speaking doctors.




 If the iDocsWeb recommends I see a specialist or follow up with a primary care doctor, do I still pay for my iDocsWeb consult?

You pay for your iDocsWeb visit just as you do any other doctor visit, regardless of the referrals they make elsewhere.








Security and Privacy



Is my information with iDocsWeb safe and private?

All information with iDocsWeb is safe, private and stored securely on encrypted servers. All information is handled in compliance with HIPAA, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. No information is shared without your written consent.






How do I receive a record of my visit for myself or my regular doctor?

Simply log on to your iDocsWeb account at any time. You can share your visit records as PDF documents or print them and take them to your doctor visits.








Prescriptions and Tests



What is the iDocsWeb Prescription Policy?

iDocsWeb Physicians consult with patients for many different conditions. At times, a prescription medication may be recommended. If a prescription is order, the iDocsWeb doctor orders no more than a 30 day supply. Patients with chronic conditions must see their primary care doctor or other specialists for extended care and refills of routine medications. We do not issue prescriptions for substances controlled by the DEA (i.e. narcotic pain medication), medications for non-therapeutic use, or those which may have the potential for abuse or addiction. If the iDocsWeb doctor feels medication is needed, a prescription can be sent instantly to the pharmacy of your choice at the end of your telemedicine consultation.








Customer Service



What should I do if I have a concern or complaint?

Please contact the iDocsWeb Customer Support department if you have any concerns.















 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login




















iDocsWeb | Doctor Consultations


































Log In / Register






Schedule An Appointment






Get Treatment






Doctor Consultations




 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login









Register new account as :
Select type of account



                Patient
            

                 
                
                Provider
            


 





















By Clicking on Register, you agree to our T&C and that you have read our Privacy policy
Register














Mark Smith, USA Patient


                    The service is reliable, the system operates flawlessly, the prices are competitive and reasonable, and the patient
                    service is fantastic.
                








MJessica, USA Patient


                    Telemedicine was very helpful in interacting with my patients whenever they needed help. The patients were happy for the timely help they received!
                






What is Doctor Consultations ?
iDocsWeb is an innovative company that aims to bring highest quality medicine to the comfort of your home/office in a matter of minutes. We are striving to bring comfort to millions without the agony of long and tedious waits at the emergency rooms and urgent care centers and also avoiding the potential exposure to various health care associated infections. We would like to serve the people in need of healthcare advice, minor, yet bothersome illnesses that do not necessarily require an ER visit yet cannot be ignored entirely. We offer a consultation with a doctor within minutes of your choosing.
 We differ from our competitors in price, quality as well as service. We understand the patient’s needs because we are actively practicing health care professionals. We are sympathetic to the woes of our patients and their frustrations. We want to give them solutions. We want to give them options. We want our patients to save money, time and most importantly the frustrations they are facing today.


More care options


Nursing Homes 
Provide better health care options to your patients while reducing overall costs.
Learn More



Corporations
Improve productivity, boost employee morale, and reduce your overall healthcare costs.
Learn More



Physician Groups
Innovative solutions to improving patient care and physician incomes.
Learn More



Doctor Consultations

        Consult with our Doctor anytime from anywhere.
$40 Per Consultation

Get Started



Assisted Living Facilities
Allow your residents to access Board-Certified Physicians for most of their healthcare needs without leaving the facility.
Learn More









 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login




















iDocsWeb | PhysicianGroup





























Physician Groups
Innovative solutions to improving patient care and physician incomes.





iDocsWeb for Physician Group
During these times of decreasing reimbursements and increasing costs, physician incomes are falling.  You are under increasing pressure from managed care organizations to minimize the hospitalizations and ER/UC visits. Soon you will be penalized for such events. Unfortunately you don't always have sufficient information on the patients to prevent their visits to the ER or hospitalizations. We provide a low cost solution where the patients can reach you via video conference thereby allowing you to assess them better. You can also confer with the specialists in real time while you are talking to the patient and make a better assessment and potentially prevent their ER visit or hospitalizations.
In addition, physicians field several phone calls after hours from patients for various issues including refills.  You are not getting paid for these phone calls which are often abusive. Our platform provides an ability to charge for these calls and also bill insurance companies in case the patient's insurance allows such services.

Physician Group Key Features

 State of the art telemedicine platform.
 Increase income by thousands of dollars.
 Increased patient satisfaction.
 Ability to transition low intensity patients to telemedicine so that office time is spent on the patients who do need hands on exams, thereby potentially increasing your availability.
 Create virtual physician practice and potentially decrease costs associated with physical offices.
 Eliminate drive time for those physicians who have patients in nursing homes and dialysis centers.
 Better control of the patients and avoid preventable ER visits and hospitalizations.






Get in touch with us.
 
 


 



First Name



Last Name



 
Email Address


 
Phone Number



 
Company Name


 
Write a message



 Submit












Our Happy
Customers
they love what we deliver.






Mark Smith, USA



Jessica, New York



Bonham, USA



Mark Smith, USA



Johnson Smith, USA






More care options


Nursing Homes 
Provide better health care options to your patients while reducing overall costs.
Learn More



Corporations
Improve productivity, boost employee morale, and reduce your overall healthcare costs.
Learn More



Physician Groups
Innovative solutions to improving patient care and physician incomes.
Learn More



Doctor Consultations

        Consult with our Doctor anytime from anywhere.
$40 Per Consultation

Get Started



Assisted Living Facilities
Allow your residents to access Board-Certified Physicians for most of their healthcare needs without leaving the facility.
Learn More









 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login




















iDocsWeb | AboutUs



























About Us




iDocsWeb is a Telemedicine company founded in 2013 by group of highly motivated, and energetic healthcare professionals who understand the changing face of healthcare in the USA and across the globe. iDocWeb is an innovative company which aims to bring highest quality medicine to the comfort of your home/office in a matter of minutes. It is striving to bring comfort to patients without the agony of long and tedious waits at the emergency rooms and urgent care centers while avoiding the potential exposure to various healthcare associated infections.

            We at iDocsWeb serve people in need of healthcare advice, minor yet bothersome illnesses that do not require an ER visit while cannot be ignored entirely. Our cloud-based and HIPAA compliant Telemedicine solution provides consultation with a doctor within minutes of your choosing. We differ from our competitors in price, quality as well as service. We understand the patient’s needs because we are actively practicing healthcare professionals. We want our patients to save money, time and most importantly the frustrations they face today.
        


Leadership Team







Dr. Suresh Nellore, MD CEO and Founder

Dr. Nellore is an Infectious Disease specialist, practicing in the St. Louis, MO area. Dr. Nellore is a successful physician, serial entrepreneur, and a visionary. His Infectious Disease practice is the largest in the state of Missouri. Dr. Nellore is also the chairman of the department of Allergy, Immunology and Infectious Diseases at St. Anthony’s Medical Center, and as an educator teaches students and residents from various universities. Dr. Nellore’s previous ventures include the first SAP training institute in St Louis, MO, and his pioneering efforts in home health concepts in India. He is also involved in successful real estate ventures in the US and Costa Rica. 

                        As Chief Executive Officer, Suresh has overall responsibility of Strategy Development, Operations, and Business Development. In addition he also provides subject matter expertise for healthcare related issues. He also has overall responsibility for finance, fund raising, and human resources.
                    










Dr. Bharath Rayasam, Ph.D.Chief Technology Officer

Dr. Rayasam is a 20-year Information Technology veteran having worked at organizations such as Blockbuster, JC Penney, Sabre, and Intuit. He has significant experience in Enterprise Solution Delivery, Product Development, Budgeting, Program Management, and Strategy. He successfully implemented multiple Enterprise wide solutions that delivered measurable bottom line growth. He also serves as an Adjunct Professor at University of Texas, Dallas in their School of Management.  He obtained his Doctorate in Civil Engineering from Clemson University, South Carolina and MBA from Institute of Rural Management, India.  

                        As Chief Technology Officer, Bharath has the overall responsibility for Product Development and Technology. He also has responsibility for building and nurturing key Technology Partnerships. In addition, he is also overseeing the operations for the organization as well as assisting in the business development.
                    










Dr. Anton Georgiev, DO FACSChief Business Development Officer

As Chief Business Development Officer, Anton has overall responsibility for Sales and marketing operations. He is in-charge of building Sales and Marketing strategies, and leading Sales and Marketing teams. In addition, Anton is also assisting in the operations for the organization as well as providing subject matter expertise for Healthcare related issues. 










Mr. Ravi Metta, MBATechnical Advisor

Ravi Metta has over 15 years of experience in the technology field having served various roles, from developer to chief architect to technology executive.  Ravi is currently a Vice President of Product Development at Intuit. Ravi served as Chief Architect and Development Leader at Dun & Bradstreet and Essilor of America.   He was responsible for major upgrades to both of the companies websites and as a result, helped drive positive business trajectories.  He also served as the Enterprise Architect at Dell and Sabre Inc.   In his role, Ravi provides advice on product development and technology.











 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login




















iDocsWeb | Corporations




























Corporations
Improve productivity, boost employee morale, and reduce your overall healthcare costs.





iDocsWeb for Corporations
Health related loss of productivity at work place runs in billions of dollars each year. Would you like to provide them with a healthcare option whereby they can reach out to a Board Certified doctor for most of their healthcare needs from the convenience of their desk and help them recover faster?
About 70% of all healthcare needs can be addressed via Telemedicine. Employees don’t have to waste 2-3 hours of their precious time in commute for a 10-minute meeting with the doctor. Instead they can access a Board Certified Doctor without leaving the office or home. It also reduces the risk of a secondary infection while greatly improving productivity and patient satisfaction.  iDocsWeb can make this a reality using our cutting edge Telemedicine platform.

iDocsWeb Advantages

 Overall reduction in your company’s healthcare costs
 24X7 access to dedicated Board Certified doctors in near real-time via internet, tablets, or smart phones
 Access to our board certified Specialists*
 Reduced absenteeism, increased productivity
 Improved employee morale






Get in touch with us.
 
 


 



First Name



Last Name



 
Email Address


 
Phone Number



 
Company Name


 
Write a message



 Submit












Our Happy
Customers
they love what we deliver.






Mark Smith, USA



Jessica, New York



Bonham, USA



Mark Smith, USA



Johnson Smith, USA






More care options


Nursing Homes 
Provide better health care options to your patients while reducing overall costs.
Learn More



Corporations
Improve productivity, boost employee morale, and reduce your overall healthcare costs.
Learn More



Physician Groups
Innovative solutions to improving patient care and physician incomes.
Learn More



Doctor Consultations

        Consult with our Doctor anytime from anywhere.
$40 Per Consultation

Get Started



Assisted Living Facilities
Allow your residents to access Board-Certified Physicians for most of their healthcare needs without leaving the facility.
Learn More









 Our Customers

 
  
  






×


 
 Login
 
Email Address


 
Password



Error! 

Reset your password
Login

            By Logging In, you agree to our T&C and
            that you have read our Privacy policy



Reset Password

Email Address



Error! 


Reset Password
Or you can contact your administrator to reset your password.

Back to login




The reset password link has been sent to the email address provided.
Back to login













