










 













 





IFC GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUND, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      IFC GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUND, LP
                    

•   WASHINGTON, DC
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             IFC Global Infrastructure Fund is based out of Washington.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings in our database for IFC Global Infrastructure Fund. The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2013-10-30. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from IFC GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUND, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




ifc global infrastructure fund, lp


C/O IFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC

WASHINGTON
DC
                                                        
                                                    20433


              Business Phone:
              202-473-1373







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13D filed on 10/21/2016
D/A filed on 10/30/2013
D filed on 04/16/2013











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Unknown (unknown)




      5,189,453
    

      256,929,818.03
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-10-11
    



Azure Power Global (AZRE)


      UTILITIES & TELECOMMUNICATIONS
    

      5,189,453
    



      2
    

      13D
    

      2016-10-11
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2013-10-30
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
1,200,000,000
1,200,000,000
0


2013-04-16
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
1,000,000,000
500,000,000
500,000,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




N/A   IFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   IFC GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUND (GP) LLC

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Singapore's GIC invests in IFC's $1.2 bln infrastructure fund | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport4 years agoSingapore's GIC invests in IFC's $1.2 bln infrastructure fund#Russia#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedNORTH KOREANorth Korea tests another ICBM, putting U.S. cities in rangeHealthcare Republicans try to pick up the piecesU.S.Majority of Americans support transgender military servicePicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#DeflationOctober 9, 2013 /  3:28 AM / 4 years agoSingapore's GIC invests in IFC's $1.2 bln infrastructure fund2 Min ReadSINGAPORE, Oct 9 (Reuters) - Singapore's sovereign wealth fund, GIC has become an anchor investor in IFC Asset Management Co's $1.2 billion infrastructure equity fund that also raised capital from several other sovereign wealth funds and pension funds. The fund's mandate is to make equity and equity-related investments alongside International Finance Corp (IFC) in a broad range of infrastructure sectors in developing countries, according to an IFC statement. The fund's initial target was $1 billion. The IFC is part of the World Bank. Apart from IFC and GIC, which both acted as anchor investors, nine sovereign and pension fund investors from Asia, the Middle East, Europe and North America made capital commitments to the fund. The fund, which is named IFC Global Infrastructure Fund LP,  will be managed by a team based in Washington, D.C. and Singapore. "While infrastructure investing has grown in developed markets, it is still largely an orphaned asset class in many emerging regions," said Gavin Wilson, CEO of IFC Asset Management Co in a statement. "The fund will help to fill this gap, taking advantage of the risk mismatch and benefiting from IFC's extensive track record and expertise in such investments." Reporting by Saeed Azhar; Editing by Matt Driskill0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























IFC Home










                                    	English |


                                    	 Other Language 


عربي
简体中文
English
Français
日本語
Português
Русский
Español






















  


                                Creating Markets, Creating Opportunities
                            









Home







About IFC 






 Vision
 Organization
IFC History

Articles of Agreement
Partners & Stakeholders
Contacts






What We Do 






Investment Services
Advisory Services
IFC Asset Management Company







Projects







IFC Disclosure Policy
FAQs
Resources
Contacts






Regions 






 East Asia & the Pacific
 Europe, Middle East & North Africa
Latin America & the Caribbean
South Asia
Sub-Saharan Africa
Western Europe







Industries







Agribusiness

Financial Institutions

Manufacturing


Health & Education


Telecoms, Media & Technology


Tourism, Retail & Property


Infrastructure 

Oil, Gas & Mining


Private Equity & Investments







News 






Pressroom
Media Contacts






Publications








Careers








Topics A-Z










Press Release Home


        




IFC Global Infrastructure Fund Completes $1.2 Billion Fundraising




In Washington: 
Serene Jweied
Phone: 202-473-8764
E-mail: sjweied@worldbankgroup.org


Washington, October 8, 2013—IFC
Asset Management Company, LLC (“AMC”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
International Finance Corporation (“IFC”), has today completed fundraising
for its infrastructure equity fund, with a total of $1.2 billion raised,
up from its target of $1 billion. The IFC Global Infrastructure Fund, LP
(the “Fund”) has received capital commitments from 11 investors, comprising
IFC and a Singapore sovereign wealth fund, GIC, as anchor investors, and
9 sovereign and pension fund investors from Asia, the Middle East, Europe
and North America. 

The Fund's mandate is to make equity and equity-related investments alongside
IFC in a broad range of infrastructure sectors in developing countries.
It will be managed by an AMC team based in Washington, D.C. and Singapore.
The aim is to create a well-balanced portfolio diversified by region and
by sub-sector, with investments in sectors that include power, transport,
utilities and telecommunications. By leveraging IFC’s investment expertise,
distinct transaction pipeline, and organizational networks, the Fund offers
institutional investors a cost-efficient platform to make direct infrastructure
investments in markets where barriers to entry and transaction costs for
investors can be a significant deterrent. 

At the same time, the Fund's existence allows IFC to expand its activities
in infrastructure, a critical sector for its member countries and so often
the bottleneck for achieving an enhanced growth trajectory. It supports
the new World Bank Group strategy that calls for greater mobilization of
the private sector as a central force in promoting economic growth and
development. 

“Poor infrastructure inhibits growth, improved infrastructure accelerates
growth,” said Gavin Wilson, CEO of IFC Asset Management Company.  “While
infrastructure investing has grown in developed markets, it is still largely
an orphaned asset class in many emerging regions.  What is missing
is long-term risk capital that understands where the growth opportunities
lie and recognizes the need for well-structured investments that address
the real risks involved, not simply the perceptions of risk.  The
Fund will help to fill this gap, taking advantage of the risk mismatch
and benefiting from IFC’s extensive track record and expertise in such
investments.” 

Infrastructure is an area in which the private sector can have a substantial
positive impact, providing capital, expertise and operating know-how so
that essential services can be supplied to large numbers of people efficiently,
affordably and profitably. This is IFC’s focus: supporting private infrastructure
projects whose innovative, high impact business models can be widely replicated.
In FY2013 IFC’s new investment commitments in infrastructure sectors totaled
$2.7 billion. 

The level of investor interest in the Fund highlights IFC's catalytic role
as a key partner for other investors as well as being a leading direct
investor in private-sector infrastructure in developing countries. IFC
has invested in infrastructure for over 50 years, with a dedicated group
of 300 professionals globally, that have accumulated unparalleled experience
in developing, investing and managing a diversified portfolio of infrastructure
investments. IFC’s committed portfolio in infrastructure sectors totaled
more than $11 billion as of the end of FY2013. 

About IFC 
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, is the largest global development
institution focused exclusively on the private sector. Working with private
enterprises in more than 100 countries, we use our capital, expertise and
influence to help eliminate extreme poverty and promote shared prosperity.
In FY13, our new investment commitments climbed to an all-time high of
nearly $25 billion, leveraging the power of the private sector to create
jobs and tackle the world’s most pressing development challenges. For
more information, visit www.ifc.org.


About IFC Asset Management Company 
A wholly-owned subsidiary of IFC, IFC Asset Management Company, LLC is
IFC's fund management arm. AMC invests third-party capital alongside IFC,
enabling outside investors to benefit from IFC’s expertise in achieving
strong returns, as well as positive development impact, in the countries
in which it invests. AMC manages over $6 billion of capital across six
investment funds, including one fund of funds.  

About the IFC Global Infrastructure Fund 
The IFC Global Infrastructure Fund, LP invests alongside IFC in equity
and equity-related investments in infrastructure projects and companies
in developing countries. 

Stay Connected 
www.facebook.com/IFCwbg

www.twitter.com/IFC_org

www.youtube.com/IFCvideocasts

www.ifc.org/SocialMediaIndex









  
                         

IBRD IDA IFC MIGA ICSID




Home | 
                    About IFC | 
                    
What We Do 
		 		 		 		 		  | 

                    Projects | 
                    Regions | 
                    Industries | 
                    Topics A - Z | 
                    News & Events | 

                    Publications | 
                    Contacts | 
                    Careers | 
                    Site Map | 
                    
FAQs


© 2011 IFC  |  
                    
User Agreement

		 		 		 		 		   |  
                    
E-mail Scams
		 		 		 		 		   |  
                    Webmaster  |  
                    World Bank Group





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









