

























IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Increases Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Intel Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Intel Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Hamilton Lane Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)
Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 17,894 Shares of Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC)
Jag Capital Management LLC Has $425,000 Stake in Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX)
Wagner Bowman Management Corp Boosts Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ)
Nationwide Fund Advisors Cuts Stake in VEREIT Inc. (NYSE:VER)
Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Sells 32,100 Shares of Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO)
Investment Counsel Inc. Buys 3,100 Shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $677,000 Stake in Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AGM)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $692,000 Stake in Winnebago Industries, Inc. (WGO)
Great Plains Energy Inc (NYSE:GXP) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Increases Position in Intel Corporation (INTC)
adidas AG (FRA:ADS) Given a €121.00 Price Target at Hauck & Aufhaeuser
Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts
Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Shares Bought by Ramsay Stattman Vela & Price Inc.
Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
TD Securities Boosts Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (BEP) Price Target to $45.00
Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IONS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
National Bank Financial Lowers Cineplex Inc (OTC:CPXGF) to Sector Perform
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Easterly Government Properties, Inc. (DEA)


 


IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Increases Position in Intel Corporation (INTC)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

IFC Holdings Incorporated FL raised its position in shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 9.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 54,650 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 4,543 shares during the period. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $1,971,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Cordasco Financial Network increased its stake in Intel Corporation by 0.7% in the first quarter. Cordasco Financial Network now owns 5,699 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $206,000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the period. First Hawaiian Bank increased its position in Intel Corporation by 0.9% in the first quarter. First Hawaiian Bank now owns 5,769 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $208,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. increased its position in Intel Corporation by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 12,607 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the last quarter. Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA increased its position in Intel Corporation by 0.9% in the first quarter. Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA now owns 9,345 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $337,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Evanson Asset Management LLC increased its position in Intel Corporation by 0.5% in the first quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 15,397 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $555,000 after buying an additional 83 shares during the last quarter. 67.40% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded up 1.09% during trading on Friday, hitting $35.35. 19,897,322 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $166.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.30 and a beta of 1.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $34.59 and a 200 day moving average of $35.76. Intel Corporation has a 52-week low of $33.23 and a 52-week high of $38.45. Intel Corporation also saw some unusual options trading on Thursday. Traders bought 43,125 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 245% compared to the typical volume of 12,492 put options.


 Get Intel Corporation alerts:



Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, July 27th. The chip maker reported $0.72 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $14.76 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $14.39 billion. Intel Corporation had a return on equity of 21.48% and a net margin of 18.57%. The business’s revenue was up 9.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.59 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Intel Corporation will post $2.86 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, August 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.12%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, August 3rd. Intel Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 47.39%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Increases Position in Intel Corporation (INTC)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/ifc-holdings-incorporated-fl-raises-position-in-intel-corporation-intc-updated-updated.html. 
INTC has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Intel Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $40.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Mizuho reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $42.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded shares of Intel Corporation from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $29.00 to $28.00 in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Finally, Instinet reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, twenty-six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $40.32.
In other Intel Corporation news, CFO Robert Holmes Swan acquired 13,888 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $36.31 per share, with a total value of $504,273.28. Following the acquisition, the chief financial officer now directly owns 8,774 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $318,583.94. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 13,997 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.11, for a total value of $505,431.67. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 1,536 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $55,464.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 87,809 shares of company stock valued at $2,993,731 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. 
About Intel Corporation
Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 







BBB Business Profile | IFC Holdings, Inc. | Accreditation




























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Investment Advisory Service
 > 
IFC Holdings, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








IFC Holdings, Inc.



Submit a Review

































IFC Holdings, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(800) 242-4732

IFC Holdings, Inc.
35 years in business

        12750 Citrus Park Lane, Suite 300
        Tampa, FL 33625
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (813) 880-5327
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 02/27/1990
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1982





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Jason Albino, CCO
                

                    Mr. Steve Dowden, CEO
                





            Business Category
        


                Investment Advisory Service
            











                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















IFC Holdings, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                IFC Holdings, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[1] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 

































FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Issued By William Blair








































Home
Privacy
About
Contributors
Contact




























Headlines
Markets
M&A
Analysts’ Updates
Earnings
Health & Biotech
Technology
















Abbott Laboratories - Get News & Ratings Daily

Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 











 Recent Market News


Vermilion Energy Inc. (VET) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN


Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Has $3,584,000 Position in Arconic Inc (ARNC)


DTE Energy Company (DTE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts


Leucadia National Corporation (LUK) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC


AppFolio, Inc. (NASDAQ:APPF) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research


First Western Capital Management Co Has $4.44 Million Position in Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP)


Dupont Fabros Technology’s (DFT) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus


Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co. (NYSE:CTO) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research


Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Synchrony Financial (SYF)


FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Issued By William Blair


Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (CCO) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research


Airbus SE (EPA:AIR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages


Allegiant Travel (NASDAQ:ALGT) & Republic Airways Holdings (RJET) Critical Analysis


Banco Santander-Chile (NASDAQ:BSAC) Position Decreased by Eqis Capital Management Inc.


Reviewing Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) and Pepsico (PEP)


James Investment Research Inc. Sells 1,200 Shares of KB Financial Group Inc (NYSE:KB)


MSCI Inc (MSCI) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.


Consolidated Edison Inc (NYSE:ED) Shares Bought by Ledyard National Bank


Rudolph Technologies, Inc. (RTEC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts


Insider Selling: Zillow Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:Z) CEO Sells 22,400 Shares of Stock





 




FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Issued By William Blair

July 24th, 2017  - 
By Doug Wharley - 0 comments



Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance 



 

Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) – Equities researchers at William Blair raised their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for Abbott Laboratories in a report issued on Thursday. William Blair analyst M. Kaczor now anticipates that the healthcare product maker will post earnings of $2.49 per share for the year, up from their prior estimate of $2.48. William Blair also issued estimates for Abbott Laboratories’ Q1 2018 earnings at $0.55 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.69 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.76 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.80 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.80 EPS. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.63 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.55 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 24.5% on a year-over-year basis. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/07/24/fy2017-earnings-estimate-for-abbott-laboratories-nyseabt-issued-by-william-blair.html. 




Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on ABT. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Abbott Laboratories from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Cowen and Company reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $49.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered their target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories from $52.00 to $50.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, UBS AG reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $41.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $52.13.
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) opened at 50.84 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $88.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 71.20 and a beta of 1.06. Abbott Laboratories has a 12 month low of $37.38 and a 12 month high of $51.13. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $48.18 and its 200 day moving average is $44.68. 
A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth approximately $598,897,000. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Abbott Laboratories by 18.9% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 80,499,469 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $3,574,987,000 after buying an additional 12,806,535 shares during the last quarter. Boston Partners boosted its position in shares of Abbott Laboratories by 5,663.7% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 8,212,035 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $364,696,000 after buying an additional 8,069,557 shares during the last quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth approximately $168,455,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Abbott Laboratories by 11.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 33,796,869 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $1,500,920,000 after buying an additional 3,344,508 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 71.08% of the company’s stock. 
In related news, insider Roger Bird sold 5,600 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total value of $245,392.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 51,313 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,248,535.66. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 47,090 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,258,907.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 206,902 shares of company stock worth $9,497,761. 0.76% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a $0.265 dividend. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.08%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. Abbott Laboratories’s payout ratio is presently 149.30%. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.  
 

Receive News & Stock Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.



 











 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website








 







© The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved.


Privacy Policy |
About Us | Our Contributors
| Contact Us















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































Ifc Holdings Inc                                                                                                         - North Palm Beach                                  , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



North Palm Beach



Holding Companies, Nec



Holding Companies, Nec



                            Ifc Holdings Inc
                                    



 





















I 


Ifc Holdings Inc                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1201 US HIGHWAY 1 STE 202 NORTH PALM BEACH, FL 33408
Get Directions



(561) 799-7797
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Holding Companies, Nec
 Contacts Rod Silasky                                                                                                             






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ifc Holdings Inc                                                                                                         was founded in 2010, and is located at 1201 Us Highway 1 Ste 202 in North Palm Beach. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Rod Silasky                                                                                                              at (561) 799-7797. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED
                    

HTTP://IFCINS.COM
•   TAMPA, FL
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?



                      Also known as:

IFC HOLDINGS, INC.



                                             IFC Holdings Incorporated is based out of Tampa. IFC Holdings Incorporated is a registered investment advisory firm  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $0 (Form ADV from 2001-08-24).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $1,138,646,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 40.09%. IFC Holdings Incorporated's largest holding is Vanguard Short-Term Bond ETF with shares held of 925,993.  IFC Holdings Incorporated has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 31 13Fs and  20 13D/G filings in our database for IFC Holdings Incorporated. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


IVE
        
        iShares Trust - S&P...
0.561%



TIP
        
        iShares Trust - iSh...
0.53%



IVW
        
        iShares Trust - S&P...
0.394%



IJH
        
        iShares Trust - Cor...
0.254%



FXG
        
        First Trust Consume...
0.251%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


BLV
         
         Vanguard Long-Term ...
0.315%


LMBS
         
         FIRST TR ETF FD IV ...
0.313%


WMT
         
         Wal-Mart Stores
0.251%


O
         
         Realty Income Corp.
0.221%


IJR
         
         iShares Trust Core ...
0.216%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


BSV
                                                  
                                                  Vanguard Short-Term Bond ETF
6.4832%


VEA
                                                  
                                                  Vanguard FTSE Developed Mar...
6.2313%


VTV
                                                  
                                                  Vanguard Index Funds - Vang...
5.2973%


VUG
                                                  
                                                  Vanguard Index Funds Vangua...
4.7991%


BNDX
                                                  
                                                  Vanguard Total Internationa...
4.2454%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $1.139 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $1.004 Billion
New Purchases66 stocks
Additional Purchases242 stocks
Sold out of24 stocks
Reduced holdings in139 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %40.09%
Turnover %
                        [1]:19.52%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:11.60%
Time Held Top20:15.95 quarters
Time Held Top10:15.70 quarters
Time Held All:11.24 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
1.69%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
11.7%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-28








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-28
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

IFC
 





            
        


          Business Phone:
          530-886-8550
Fax:
              866-554-9484


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :




Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
CA


Number of employees:
3


Other Business Activities:
insurance broker or agent


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Hourly charges,Fixed fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://IFCINS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




































IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED/FL Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






IFC HOLDINGS INCORPORATED/FL






12750 CITRUS PARK LANE, TAMPA,  Florida, 33625, (800) 242-4732


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
483


New Positions
66


Increased Positions
307


Decreased Positions
162


Positions with Activity
469


Sold Out Positions
23


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
1,180



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
1.14%


Basic Materials
0.45%


Industrials
2.05%


Consumer Cyclicals
2.4%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
1.68%


Financials
75.05%


Healthcare
2.28%


Technology
4.64%


Telecommunication Services
1%


Utilities
0.77%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






483 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



VANGUARD TAX MANAGED INTL FD
FTSE DEV MKT ETF
76,485
3,520
4.83
1,804,733


VANGUARD BD INDEX FD INC
SHORT TRM BOND
74,052
6,572
9.74
925,993


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
VALUE ETF
61,932
1,565
2.59
632,221


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
GROWTH ETF
58,801
443
.76
449,237


VANGUARD CHARLOTTE FDS
INTL BD IDX ETF
48,524
2,617
5.70
892,145


ISHARES TR
S&P 500 GRWT ETF
37,026
6,334
20.64
262,633


ISHARES TR
CORE US AGGBD ET
31,915
1,127
3.66
291,512


ISHARES TR
S&P 500 VAL ETF
31,747
8,925
39.11
298,544


VANGUARD BD INDEX FD INC
LONG TERM BOND
27,904
-211
(0.75)
301,042


VANGUARD BD INDEX FD INC
INTERMED TERM
24,321
1,102
4.75
287,045


VANGUARD SCOTTSDALE FDS
MORTG-BACK SEC
23,591
1,318
5.92
447,313


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P MCP ETF
21,844
4,627
26.88
123,683


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
FTSE EMR MKT ETF
20,397
1,307
6.85
476,795


ISHARES TR
CORE MSCI EAFE
19,749
3,282
19.93
316,589


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
SMALL CP ETF
18,462
532
2.97
133,969


SPDR S&P MIDCAP 400 ETF TR
UTSER1 S&PDCRP
18,071
171
.95
56,051


ISHARES TR
IBOXX HI YD ETF
14,718
3,029
25.91
165,559


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P SCP ETF
13,261
-752
(5.36)
186,490


ISHARES TR
TIPS BD ETF
13,163
6,738
104.86
116,089


APPLE INC
COM
12,675
-212
(1.65)
84,187




<< first< previous1234510152025next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































