
























50,000 Shares in Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) Acquired by Iguana Healthcare Management LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Aetna Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Aetna Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

50,000 Shares in Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) Acquired by Iguana Healthcare Management LLC
Henry Schein, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSIC) Stake Decreased by Invictus RG
Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) Stake Decreased by Amalgamated Bank
Amalgamated Bank Acquires 552 Shares of FLIR Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:FLIR)
Invictus RG Has $109,000 Position in ICON PLC (ICLR)
BidaskClub Upgrades Planet Fitness, Inc. (PLNT) to Buy
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 15,323 O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY)
Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 183,078 Nokia Corporation (NOK)
Two Sigma Securities LLC Acquires New Position in ArcelorMittal (MT)
State Street Corp Boosts Stake in Marriott International (MAR)
State Street Corp Has $937.46 Million Stake in AutoZone, Inc. (AZO)
Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD) Shares Bought by State Street Corp
Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results
National Bank Financial Cuts Stepan Company (SCL) Price Target to $27.00
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $584,000 Position in Carbonite, Inc. (CARB)
Bank of America Corp DE Decreases Stake in Atmos Energy Corporation (ATO)
Two Sigma Securities LLC Cuts Stake in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ)
Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for RPS Group plc (RPS)
Polypipe Group PLC (PLP) PT Raised to GBX 490 at Jefferies Group LLC
Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Sold by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.


 


50,000 Shares in Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) Acquired by Iguana Healthcare Management LLC

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Iguana Healthcare Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,378,000. Aetna makes up 3.2% of Iguana Healthcare Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 8th largest position. 
Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in Aetna by 3,374.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 30,712,219 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,917,344,000 after buying an additional 29,828,390 shares in the last quarter. Orbis Allan Gray Ltd bought a new stake in shares of Aetna during the fourth quarter valued at $335,443,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Aetna by 3.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 23,117,526 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,948,640,000 after buying an additional 838,578 shares in the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Aetna by 26.0% in the first quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 3,639,077 shares of the company’s stock valued at $464,165,000 after buying an additional 751,166 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Aetna by 29.2% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,376,132 shares of the company’s stock valued at $303,076,000 after buying an additional 537,604 shares in the last quarter. 91.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Aetna Inc. (AET) traded down 0.15% during trading on Monday, hitting $156.08. The company had a trading volume of 1,288,572 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $51.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 47.60 and a beta of 0.54. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $151.67 and a 200 day moving average of $135.46. Aetna Inc. has a 12-month low of $104.59 and a 12-month high of $156.87. 


 Get Aetna Inc. alerts:



Aetna (NYSE:AET) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $2.71 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.36 by $0.35. Aetna had a return on equity of 17.75% and a net margin of 1.84%. The business had revenue of $15.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.39 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $2.30 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Aetna Inc. will post $8.99 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, July 13th will be paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, July 11th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.28%. Aetna’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 62.31%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/iguana-healthcare-management-llc-invests-6-38-million-in-aetna-inc-nyseaet-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. BidaskClub lowered Aetna from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 19th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on Aetna from $144.00 to $157.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $165.00 target price (up from $160.00) on shares of Aetna in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised Aetna from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. began coverage on Aetna in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $180.00 target price on the stock. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $152.84.
In other Aetna news, Chairman Mark T. Bertolini sold 103,547 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $140.79, for a total value of $14,578,382.13. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 659,888 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $92,905,631.52. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Margaret M. Mccarthy sold 27,028 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $149.23, for a total value of $4,033,388.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 33,563 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,008,606.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.14% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Aetna Company Profile
Aetna Inc is a diversified healthcare benefits company. The Company operates through three segments: Health Care, Group Insurance and Large Case Pensions. It offers a range of traditional, voluntary and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental, behavioral health, group life and disability plans, medical management capabilities, Medicaid healthcare management services, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, workers’ compensation administrative services and health information technology (HIT) products and services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Aetna Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aetna Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Iguana Healthcare Management LLC Has $2.99 Million Stake in NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for NuVasive Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NuVasive Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ulta Beauty Inc. (ULTA)
On Deck Capital, Inc. (NYSE:ONDK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy
Heartland Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTLD) Earns Underweight Rating from Morgan Stanley
Domtar Corporation (NYSE:UFS) Earns Underweight Rating from Analysts at KeyCorp
Braskem S.A. (BAK) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Upgrades Brunswick Corporation (BC) to “Strong-Buy”
Burlington Stores, Inc. (BURL) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Buy
Argus Boosts Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) Price Target to $220.00
Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes S.A. (NYSE:GOL) Lifted to Neutral at Citigroup Inc.
Wedbush Downgrades Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) to Underperform
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE:SFR) to Sell
RealNetworks, Inc. (NASDAQ:RNWK) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research
iShares JPMorgan USD Emer Mkt Bnd Fd ETF to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.44 (EMB)
Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO) Announces $0.10 Monthly Dividend
DLH Holdings Corp. (DLHC) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine
MobileIron’s (MOBL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities
Teachers Advisors LLC Has $24.80 Million Stake in Trimble Navigation Ltd. (NASDAQ:TRMB)
Gibraltar Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROCK) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
Trinity Mirror plc (TNI) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday







Iguana Healthcare Management LLC Has $2.99 Million Stake in NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 9th, 2017 // No Comments




Iguana Healthcare Management LLC reduced its stake in shares of  NuVasive, Inc. (NASDAQ:NUVA) by 42.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 40,000 shares of the medical device company’s stock after selling 30,000 shares during the period. NuVasive makes up  about  1.5% of Iguana Healthcare Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Iguana Healthcare Management LLC owned approximately 0.08% of NuVasive worth $2,987,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Westside Investment Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of  NuVasive during the first quarter worth $109,000.  Neuburgh Advisers LLC increased its position in shares of  NuVasive by 18.3% in the first quarter. Neuburgh Advisers LLC now owns 1,552 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 240 shares in the last quarter.  SpiderRock Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of  NuVasive during the first quarter worth $124,000.  Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of  NuVasive during the fourth quarter worth $155,000.  Finally, Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  NuVasive by 18.3% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 2,134 shares of the medical device company’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 330 shares during the last quarter. 


 Get NuVasive Inc. alerts:



Shares of NuVasive, Inc. (NASDAQ:NUVA) opened at 75.86 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.84 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 79.60 and a beta of 1.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $75.80 and a 200 day moving average price of $72.93. NuVasive, Inc. has a 1-year low of $56.70 and a 1-year high of $81.06. 





NuVasive (NASDAQ:NUVA) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The medical device company reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $249.86 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $250.52 million. NuVasive had a return on equity of 12.63% and a net margin of 5.35%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 16.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.34 EPS.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  NuVasive, Inc. will post $2.01 EPS for the current year. 
WARNING: This article was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/09/nuvasive-inc-nuva-stake-reduced-by-iguana-healthcare-management-llc-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently commented on NUVA shares. BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $82.00 price target on shares of NuVasive in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Barclays PLC increased their target price on NuVasive from $80.00 to $82.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. Canaccord Genuity  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $84.00 price target (up previously from $82.00) on shares of NuVasive in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded NuVasive from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded NuVasive from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.27.
NuVasive Company Profile
Nuvasive, Inc is a medical device company. The Company focuses on developing minimally-disruptive surgical products and procedurally-integrated solutions for the spine surgery. Its product portfolio focuses on applications for spine fusion surgery, including biologics used to aid in the spinal fusion process.







Receive News & Ratings for NuVasive Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NuVasive Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed









Iguana Healthcare Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























iguana healthcare management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Iguana Healthcare Management LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company invests in pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, medical devices, diagnostics, and healthcare industries. Iguana Healthcare Management serves customers in the State of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

551 5th Avenue
Suite 1920
New York, NY 10176
United States


Phone:
1-646-564-2300


Fax:
1-646-564-2301


Web url:
www.iguanahealthcare.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Norman Stanton Schleifer


CFO/COO/Chief Compliance Ofcr




Stuart T Weisbrod


Chief Invsmt Officer/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Stuart Terry Weisbrod - Founder & Chief Investment Officer at Iguana Healthcare Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Stuart Terry Weisbrod
Founder & Chief Investment Officer at Iguana Healthcare Management LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Transactions 


Stuart Terry Weisbrod
Founder & Chief Investment Officer at Iguana Healthcare Management LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Iguana Healthcare Partners LLC

Iguana Healthcare Management LLC

Merlin Biomed Group Hedge Funds




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,995 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Norman Schleifer

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, CCO at Iguana Healthcare Management LLC




Daniel Joonbyung Chai

Partner & Portfolio Manager at Iguana Healthcare Management LLC





David Ezra Shahmoon

Senior Analyst at Iguana Healthcare Management LLC




Oren Gabriel Livnat

Analyst at H. C. Wainwright & Co. LLC





Christopher L. Eisgruber

President at Princeton University




Katherine T. Rohrer

Vice Provost Emeritus at Princeton University





Alan Patten

Associate Chair, Department of Politics at Princeton University




Hae Bin Kim

U-Council Executive Representative at Princeton University





Hendrik Hartog

Director, Program in American Studies at Princeton University




Dean Mary Baum

Associate Dean at Princeton University







See 1,985 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,985 More 


 


 Paths to Stuart Terry Weisbrod



            Stuart Terry Weisbrod          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Stuart Terry Weisbrod






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Stuart Terry Weisbrod.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Graduate 
Class of 1980 


Princeton University

                  Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and in the service of all nations. Chartered in 1746, Princeton is the fourth-oldest college in the United States. Princeton is an independent, coeducational, nondenominational institution that provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and engineering.

As a world-renowned research university, Princeton seeks to achieve the highest levels of distinction in the discovery and transmission of knowledge and understanding. At the same time, Princeton is distinctive among research universities in its commitment to undergraduate teaching.

Today, more than 1,100 faculty members instruct approximately 5,000 undergraduate students and 2,500 graduate students. The University's generous financial aid program ensures that talented students from all economic backgrounds can afford a Princeton education.                




Undergraduate Degree 
Class of 1975 


Colgate University

                  Founded in 1819, Colgate University is a highly selective residential liberal arts institution distinguished by academic excellence and interdisciplinary inquiry. Located on a beautiful campus in upstate New York, Colgate takes pride in the active engagement of its students and faculty in local, national, and global communities.                




Graduate 


Columbia University

                  Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learning environment for undergraduates and graduate students in many scholarly and professional fields. The University recognizes the importance of its location in New York City and seeks to link its research and teaching to the vast resources of a great metropolis. It seeks to attract a diverse and international faculty and student body, to support research and teaching on global issues, and to create academic relationships with many countries and regions. It expects all areas of the university to advance knowledge and learning at the highest level and to convey the products of its efforts to the world.                




MBA in Finance 


Columbia University - Columbia Business School

                  Columbia Business School (CBS) is the business school of Columbia University in Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1916 to provide business training and professional preparation for undergraduate and graduate Columbia University students. It is one of six Ivy League business schools and its admission process is among the most selective of top business schools.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    Current                


Iguana Healthcare Partners LLC


                  Iguana Healthcare Partners LLC provides investment advice. The company was founded by Stuart T. Weisbrod and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Founder & Chief Investment Officer

                                    2010 - Current                


Iguana Healthcare Management LLC


                  Iguana Healthcare Management  Healthcare’s investment objective is for its clients to maximum returns from investing long and short globally in public companies in the life sciences industry while actively managing both sector and global risk with an eye on capital preservation. The broad base of investment opportunities includes, but is not limited to companies focusing on biotechnology, branded pharmaceuticals, generic pharmaceutics, medical devices and medical supplies, healthcare service providers, and healthcare information technology. Iguana Healthcare clients’ portfolios are constructed using a multi-factorial approach with a focus on balancing risk and liquidity with expected returns on individual stocks and with their impact on upon overall portfolio concentration. Portfolios are constructed stock-by-stock and not sub-sector by sub-sector.                




Founder

                                    1998 - 2007                


Merlin Biomed Group Hedge Funds


                  Merlin BioMed invests globally in public and private healthcare companies.The firm's hedge funds and long-term appreciation fund seek maximum capital appreciation from broad-based, global investment in small-, mid- and large-cap public and private companies in the areas of biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, healthcare services and research products/services. This investment objective is characterized by an intensive, research-oriented, fundamental, bottom-up approach with a focus on new product innovation as a driver of sales and earnings growth.For private equity, the MerlinNexus objective is to realize long-term capital appreciation from investments in late-stage private companies, PIPEs (private investments in public entities) and select open market transactions. The fund is invested in all segments of the healthcare industry, with an emphasis on product-driven life sciences companies developing breakthrough products that meet clinical needs and can positively alter disease course and associated costs.                




Partner

                                    1995 - 1998                


Oracle Corp.


                  Oracle Corp. provides enterprise software and computer hardware products and services. The company is organized into the following businesses: Software and Cloud, Hardware Systems and Services. The Software and Cloud business operates through the following segments: New Software Licenses and Cloud Software Subscriptions, Cloud Infrastructure-As-A-Service and Software License Updates and Product Support. The New Software Licenses and Cloud Software Subscriptions segment includes database, middleware and application software licenses, as well as its Oracle cloud software-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service offerings. The cloud infrastructure-as-a-service segment provides deployment and management offerings for its software and hardware and related IT infrastructure. The Software License Updates and Product Support segment provide customers with rights to software product upgrades and maintenance releases and patches released during the term of the support period. The Hardware Systems business operates through the following segments: Hardware Systems Products and Hardware Systems Support. The Hardware Systems Products segment provides a broad selection of hardware systems and related services including servers, storage, networking, virtualization software, operating systems and management software to support diverse IT environments, including cloud computing environments. The Hardware Systems Support segment provides customers with software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of its server and storage products, such as Oracle Solaris and certain other software products, and can include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services. The Services business offer services solutions to help customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle technology. Oracle Corp. was founded on June 16, 1977 by Lawrence Joseph Ellison, Robert Nimrod Miner and Edward A. Oates and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.                




Partner

                                    1994 - 1994                


Harpel Advisory Co., Inc.


                  Harpel specializes in investing in liquid financial assets.                




Senior Biotechnology Analyst

                                    1990 - 1993                


Merrill Lynch Investment Managers, Inc.


                  MLAM's worldwide approach to equity investing uses a philosophy of identifying relative value among individual stocks and stock markets by focusing primarily on two variables: reinvestment rate and the price-to-book value ratio.There are seven additional screens employed to further refine the process. The factors used to identify value include price-to-cash flow, price-to-earnings ratios, past and future earnings growth and dividend payouts. For asset allocation, a country whose market valuation measurements seem consistently above or below world averages or its own historical averages are over or under-weighted accordingly. The degrees of over or under-weighting are determined by relative economic prospects as measured by the outlook for GNP, inflation and interest rates of each country and their impact on currency movements.By combining a value approach to individual stock selection with asset allocation by country, the firm seeks to achieve consistent performance relative to international equity indexes.MLAM combines top-down and bottom-up analysis and uses proprietary models as part of their research process. Their funds are team-managed.                




Biotechnology Analyst

                                    1986 - 1989                


Prudential-Bache Securities Canada Ltd.






Research Fellow

                                    1980 - 1984                


Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory


                  Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Inc. provides research services. It operates educational institutions. The firm offers research in cancer, neurobiology, plant genetics, and bioinformatics. It also offers laboratory workshops to science teachers, students, and other groups across the nation. The company was founded in 1890 and is headquartered in Cold Spring Harbor, NY.                




Research Fellow

                                    1980 - 1984                


MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology


                  MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology provides biological research and development services. it also offers methods for determining the three-dimensional structures of proteins and other macromolecules, the sequencing of DNA and the development of monoclonal antibodies. The company was founded by Max Ferdinand Perutz in 1962 and is headquartered in Cambridge, the United Kingdom.                




Founder

                                    Prior                


Merlin Biomed Group LLC


                  Merlin Biomed Group LLC is a venture capital/private equity firm located in New York City                





 Boards & Committees



Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Dean's Council

                    Current                  


Princeton University

                    Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and in the service of all nations. Chartered in 1746, Princeton is the fourth-oldest college in the United States. Princeton is an independent, coeducational, nondenominational institution that provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and engineering.

As a world-renowned research university, Princeton seeks to achieve the highest levels of distinction in the discovery and transmission of knowledge and understanding. At the same time, Princeton is distinctive among research universities in its commitment to undergraduate teaching.

Today, more than 1,100 faculty members instruct approximately 5,000 undergraduate students and 2,500 graduate students. The University's generous financial aid program ensures that talented students from all economic backgrounds can afford a Princeton education.                  





 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2011                


Jon M. Huntsman, Jr.


                  Former Governor of Utah                




$1,000

                  2002                


Charles E. Schumer


                  Minority Leader at Office of the Senate Minority Leader, Charles Schumer                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Iguana Healthcare Partners Ltd. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Stuart Terry Weisbrod is affiliated with
                            Iguana Healthcare Partners LLC, Iguana Healthcare Management LLC, Merlin Biomed Group Hedge Funds, Oracle Corp., Harpel Advisory Co., Inc., Merrill Lynch Investment Managers, Inc., Prudential-Bache Securities Canada Ltd., Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Merlin Biomed Group LLC, Princeton University.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Iguana Healthcare Management Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Iguana Healthcare Management


@iguana_healthcare_management





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://iguanahealthcare.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Iguana Healthcare Management Reviews & Info

Iguana Healthcare Management's primary clients are Corporations, Investment Vehicles, or Other BusinesSES....see more
Other Names Used: Iguana Healthcare Management Llc 
Advisors that work at Iguana Healthcare Management	

Contact:


41 West Putnam Ave. 2nd Floor
Greenwich, CT 06830
                    				




					Main Number: 203-992-4407				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Iguana Healthcare Management Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Iguana Healthcare Management Reviews


No reviews found for Iguana Healthcare Management


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Iguana Healthcare Management a Question
Send Iguana Healthcare Management a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Iguana Healthcare Management








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed
























Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Company Profile (NASDAQ:ZYNE)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing transdermal synthetic cannabinoid treatments for patients with high unmet needs. Its development pipeline includes two product candidates: ZYN002 and ZYN001. ZYN002 is a synthetic cannabidiol (CBD), which is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid, formulated as a patent-protected permeation-enhanced gel for transdermal delivery through the skin and into the circulatory system. ZYN002 is in Phase II clinical development in patients with refractory epilepsy, in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee, as well as in patients with Fragile X syndrome. ZYN001 is a pro-drug of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) that enables transdermal delivery through the skin and into the circulatory system through a patch. ZYN001 is targeting two pain indications, fibromyalgia and peripheral neuropathic pain. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Medical
Industry: Biotechnology & Medical Research - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:ZYNE
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.zynerba.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $209.6 millionOutstanding Shares: 13,249,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $17.98200 Day Moving Avg: $19.6752 Week Range: $8.15 - $25.95


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: -5.79P/E Growth: 0.00Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: N/APrice / Sales: N/ABook Value: $5.88 per sharePrice / Book: 2.69


Profitability:EBIDTA: ($26,590,000.00)Return on Equity: -62.41%Return on Assets: -54.55%Debt:Current Ratio: 12.01%Quick Ratio: 12.01%Misc:Average Volume: 416,190 shs.Beta: 5.19Short Ratio: 6.22

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)
What is Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock symbol?

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "ZYNE."



How were Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' earnings last quarter?

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZYNE) released its earnings results on Tuesday, May, 9th. The company reported ($0.60) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of ($0.55) by $0.05.  View Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' Earnings History.



When will Zynerba Pharmaceuticals make its next earnings announcement?

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 9th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals.



Where is Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock going? Where will Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock price be in 2017?

8 analysts have issued 12 month price objectives for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock. Their forecasts range from $28.00 to $42.00. On average, they expect Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' share price to reach $32.25 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals.



What are analysts saying about Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company which focuses on developing and commercializing proprietary synthetic cannabinoid therapeutics formulated for transdermal delivery. Its product candidates which are in clinical trial stage include ZYN002 and ZYN001 synthetic transdermal cannabinoid therapeutics for indications including refractory epilepsy, Fragile X syndrome, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia and peripheral neuropathic pain. Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is headquartered in Devon, Pennsylvania.   " (7/13/2017)
2. Maxim Group analysts commented, "Zynerba announced the completion of target pediatric patient enrollment (n=16, ages from 6 – 17 years old) in the Phase II FAB-C (Treatment of Fragile X Syndrome Anxiety and Behavioral Challenges with CBD) study to evaluate ZYN002, Zynerba’s cannabidiol (CBD) gel in children with Fragile X syndrome (FXS)." (6/8/2017)




Who are some of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Zynerba Pharmaceuticals include Inovio Pharmaceuticals (INO), Adamas Pharmaceuticals (ADMS), PDL BioPharma (PDLI), Abeona Therapeutics (ABEO), Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE), Celyad SA (CYAD), Puretech Health PLC (PRTC), Curis (CRIS), Celldex Therapeutics (CLDX), Idera Pharmaceuticals (IDRA), Advaxis (ADXS), Novavax (NVAX), Codexis (CDXS), Corvus Pharmaceuticals (CRVS), Voyager Therapeutics (VYGR), Horizon Discovery Group PLC (HZD), NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) and Protagonist Therapeutics (PTGX).



Who are Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' key executives?

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' management team includes the folowing people: Armando Anido, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerTerri B. Sebree, PresidentJames E. Fickenscher, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Corporate DevelopmentSuzanne M. Hanlon, Secretary, General Counsel and Vice President, Human ResourcesWilliam Roberts, Vice President - Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsRay Mannion, Vice President - ManufacturingBrian Rosenberger, Vice President - CommercialWarren D. Cooper M.D., Lead Independent DirectorWilliam J. Federici, Independent DirectorThomas L. Harrison, Independent Director



When did Zynerba Pharmaceuticals IPO?

 (ZYNE) raised $42 million in an initial public offering (IPO) on Wednesday, August 5th 2015. The company issued 3,000,000 shares at  $13.00-$15.00 per share.  Jefferies and Piper Jaffray served as the underwriters for the IPO and Canaccord Genuity and Oppenheimer & Co. were co-managers. 



Who owns Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock?

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock is owned by a number of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Pennsylvania Trust Co (1.05%) and Rothschild Investment Corp IL (0.43%). Company insiders that own Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock include Armando Anido, James E Fickenscher, Michael Rapp and Suzanne M Hanlon. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals.



Who bought Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock? Who is buying Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock?

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Pennsylvania Trust Co and Rothschild Investment Corp IL. Company insiders that have bought Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock in the last two years include Armando Anido, James E Fickenscher and Michael Rapp. View Insider Buying and Selling for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals.



How do I buy Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock? 

Shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Zynerba Pharmaceuticals' stock price today?

One share of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals stock can currently be purchased for approximately $15.82.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ ZYNE)Community Ranking:  3.7 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  162 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  59 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  221MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Zynerba Pharmaceuticals and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 8 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 3.00)Consensus Price Target: $32.25 (103.86% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/9/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$32.00Medium6/26/2017Maxim GroupSet Price TargetBuy$32.00N/A6/10/2017Roth CapitalSet Price TargetBuy$30.00High6/8/2017Cantor FitzgeraldSet Price TargetBuy$28.00Low5/13/2017Canaccord GenuitySet Price TargetBuy$35.00Low4/1/2017Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Set Price TargetBuy$29.00Low3/28/2017HC WainwrightReiterated RatingBuy -> Buy$22.00 -> $30.00High12/21/2016Piper Jaffray CompaniesReiterated RatingOverweight$42.00N/A(Data available from 7/29/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)Earnings History by Quarter for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ ZYNE)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/9/2017($0.60)N/A5/9/2017Q1 2017($0.55)($0.60)$0.07 millionViewN/A3/27/2017Q4 2016($0.75)($0.71)ViewN/A11/14/2016Q3 2016($0.69)($0.67)$0.20 millionViewN/A8/11/2016Q2($0.53)($0.70)$0.03 millionViewN/A5/12/2016Q1($0.56)($0.49)$0.03 million$0.01 millionViewN/A3/14/2016Q415($0.29)($0.62)$0.20 million$0.05 millionViewN/A11/11/2015Q3($0.41)($0.44)$0.20 millionViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: ($2.25)QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172($0.62)($0.50)($0.56)Q2 20173($0.62)($0.51)($0.57)Q3 20173($0.64)($0.42)($0.55)Q4 20173($0.66)($0.48)($0.58)(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)Insider Ownership Percentage: 10.02%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 31.45%Insider Trades by Quarter for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/15/2017Armando AnidoChairmanBuy5,000$19.70$98,500.00  5/12/2017James E FickenscherCFOBuy5,200$19.82$103,064.00  12/29/2016Michael RappMajor ShareholderBuy10,000$15.85$158,500.00  12/7/2016James E FickenscherCFOBuy7,000$14.08$98,560.00  8/16/2016Suzanne M HanlonInsiderSell3,000$10.53$31,590.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)


Latest Headlines for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineZynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ZYNE) Receives Average Rating of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 4:39 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Mourns Passing of Director Cynthia A. Rask - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 28 at 3:40 PMZynerba Pharma (ZYNE) Announces Passing of Director Cynthia A. Raskwww.streetinsider.com - July 28 at 10:23 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Mourns Passing of Director Cynthia A. Raskfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:23 AMBiotech Players Lead the Growth Charge in the Legal Cannabis Market - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 27 at 9:55 AMThese 4 Marijuana Stocks All Jumped at Least 10% Last Weekfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 9:50 AMBillionaires Bet Big On Canada's Newest $22 Billion Market - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 17 at 1:29 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ZYNE) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 2:20 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZYNE) Raised to Hold at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 9:34 PMTop Biotech Manager Sells Arena Pharmaceuticals On Today's Big Gainfinance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 3:24 PMToday's Research Reports on Trending Tickers: Insys Therapeutics and Zynerba Pharmaceuticalsfinance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 9:56 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZYNE) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 9 at 7:19 AMMaking Rounds: CHOP doc honored, Zynerba making progress, PCOM gets $1M giftwww.bizjournals.com - July 8 at 8:43 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZYNE) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 2:32 PM4 Marijuana Stocks Looking to Combat the Opioid Epidemicfinance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 8:48 AMMarijuana Could Help Treat Alzheimer's: Here's How It Would Work - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - June 29 at 9:36 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Added to the Russell 3000® Index - GlobeNewswire (press release)globenewswire.com - June 27 at 9:34 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Initiates ZYN001 Phase 1 Clinical Programfinance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 9:34 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Added to the Russell 3000® Indexfinance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 9:34 AMCantor Fitzgerald Weighs in on Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s FY2018 Earnings (ZYNE)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 7:50 AMGenomic Health (GHDX) and Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (ZYNE) Head-To-Head Comparisonwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 4:14 PMComparing The Medicines Company (MDCO) & Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (ZYNE)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 14 at 8:20 PMReviewing Fibrocell Science (FCSC) and Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (ZYNE)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 13 at 10:18 AMMaxim Bullish on Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Following Meeting with Managementfinance.yahoo.com - June 12 at 8:20 PMRoth Capital Analysts Give Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) a $30.00 Price Targetwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 11 at 10:16 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) PT Set at $28.00 by Cantor Fitzgeraldwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 11 at 8:30 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Achieves Target Enrollment in Exploratory Phase 2 Trial of ZYN002 in Fragile X Syndrome - GlobeNewswire (press release)globenewswire.com - June 10 at 4:06 AMBiotechnology & Medical Researchwww.reuters.com - June 9 at 3:12 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Achieves Target Enrollment in Exploratory Phase 2 Trial of ZYN002 in Fragile X Syndromefinance.yahoo.com - June 9 at 3:11 AMMaxim Group Reaffirms "Buy" Rating for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 8 at 4:08 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 6 at 2:38 PMBetter Know a Marijuana Stock: Zynerba Pharmaceuticals - Motley Foolwww.fool.com - June 3 at 3:17 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global ... - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 2 at 8:19 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conferencefinance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 8:19 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 31 at 12:02 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals' (ZYNE) "Buy" Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 27 at 12:44 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) CFO Purchases $103,064.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 16 at 10:27 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Chairman Buys $98,500.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 16 at 10:26 AMCantor Fitzgerald Comments on Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc's FY2017 Earnings (ZYNE)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 15 at 8:18 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 2:38 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.57) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecastswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 7:48 AMJefferies Group Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 11 at 7:34 AMZynerba reports 1Q lossfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 4:23 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 10 at 3:32 PMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Operational Highlightsglobenewswire.com - May 10 at 8:44 AMCantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) a $28.00 Price Targetwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 9 at 11:36 PMCatalysts Growing Like Weeds For Zynerba Next Quarterfeeds.benzinga.com - May 9 at 3:52 PMBRIEF-Zynerba Pharmaceuticals reports Q1 loss per share $0.60 - Reuterswww.reuters.com - May 9 at 8:15 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Operational Highlights - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - May 9 at 8:15 AMZynerba Pharmaceuticals Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Operational Highlightsfinance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 8:15 AM


Social





Chart
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (ZYNE) Chart for Saturday, July, 29, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/29/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff



















































Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ZYNE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to "Hold" | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 91 Price Target at UBS AG					

AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Insider Acquires £1,704.30 in Stock					

Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (LON:THRG) Insider Christopher Samuel Acquires 4,500 Shares of Stock					

Brave Bison Group PLC (LON:BBSN) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday					

Colefax Group Plc (LON:CFX) Upgraded at Peel Hunt					

Connect Group PLC (CNCT) Price Target Lowered to GBX 144 at J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Margherita D. Valle Purchases 977 Shares of Centrica PLC (LON:CNA) Stock					

Manvinder Singh Banga Purchases 2,267 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) Stock					

Shawbrook Group PLC (LON:SHAW) Insider Angela Wakelin Sells 77,946 Shares					

Raymond James Financial, Inc. Trims United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) Target Price to $31.00					

Tractor Supply’s (NASDAQ:TSCO) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG					

TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Given a $4.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts					

TCP Capital Corp. (NASDAQ:TCPC) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HLT) to Hold					

Imperial Capital Begins Coverage on ShotSpotter Inc. (SSTI)					

WPCS International (WPCS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Accern Reports					

Atlas Energy Group (ATLS) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows					

Prana Biotechnology (NASDAQ:PRAN) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows					

Mitie Group PLC’s (MTO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity					

Jupiter Fund Management PLC (LON:JUP) Price Target Raised to GBX 500 at Credit Suisse Group					





 





						Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ZYNE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

						 July 14th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance 







Tweet










Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZYNE) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Thursday. 
According to Zacks, “Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company which focuses on developing and commercializing proprietary synthetic cannabinoid therapeutics formulated for transdermal delivery. Its product candidates which are in clinical trial stage include ZYN002 and ZYN001 synthetic transdermal cannabinoid therapeutics for indications including refractory epilepsy, Fragile X syndrome, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia and peripheral neuropathic pain. Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is headquartered in Devon, Pennsylvania.   “
A number of other research firms also recently weighed in on ZYNE. BidaskClub raised shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday. Cantor Fitzgerald  set a $28.00 target price on shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  set a $29.00 target price on shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, April 1st. Canaccord Genuity  set a $35.00 price objective on shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, May 13th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a buy rating and issued a $32.00 price objective on shares of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $31.44.




Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE) traded up 2.59% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $19.43. 403,248 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $18.43 and its 200-day moving average is $19.41. Zynerba Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $7.02 and a 12-month high of $25.95. The firm’s market capitalization is $257.43 million. 
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ZYNE) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported ($0.60) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.55) by $0.05.  Analysts anticipate that  Zynerba Pharmaceuticals will post ($2.43) EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ZYNE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was originally  published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/14/zynerba-pharmaceuticals-inc-zyne-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. 
In related news, Chairman Armando Anido bought 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The stock was bought at an average price of $19.70 per share, for a total transaction of $98,500.00. Following the purchase, the chairman now owns 336,012 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,619,436.40. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CFO James E. Fickenscher bought 5,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were bought at an average price of $19.82 per share, with a total value of $103,064.00. Following the purchase, the chief financial officer now owns 12,200 shares in the company, valued at approximately $241,804. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own  10.02% of the company’s stock. 
Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pennsylvania Trust Co bought a new stake in  Zynerba Pharmaceuticals during the second quarter worth about $2,366,000.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC bought a new stake in  Zynerba Pharmaceuticals during the first quarter worth about $180,000.  Iguana Healthcare Management LLC bought a new stake in  Zynerba Pharmaceuticals during the first quarter worth about $1,005,000.  Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in  Zynerba Pharmaceuticals by 220.3% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 57,752 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,161,000 after buying an additional 39,722 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in  Zynerba Pharmaceuticals by 57.6% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 76,015 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,527,000 after buying an additional 27,789 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  30.44% of the company’s stock. 
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Company Profile
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing transdermal synthetic cannabinoid treatments for patients with high unmet needs. Its development pipeline includes two product candidates: ZYN002 and ZYN001. ZYN002 is a synthetic cannabidiol (CBD), which is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid, formulated as a patent-protected permeation-enhanced gel for transdermal delivery through the skin and into the circulatory system.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (ZYNE)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com






Receive News & Ratings for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



































































IGUANA HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






IGUANA HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT, LLC






551 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10176, (646) 564-2300


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
74


New Positions
19


Increased Positions
35


Decreased Positions
33


Positions with Activity
68


Sold Out Positions
14


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
177



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials



Industrials



Consumer Cyclicals



Consumer Non-Cyclicals
3.49%


Financials
0%


Healthcare
96.51%


Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






74 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



CELGENE CORP
COM
12,074
1,342
12.50
90,000


SHIRE PLC
SPONSORED ADR
10,373
10,373
New
61,250


MEDICINES CO
COM
9,488
-949
(9.09)
250,000


AMGEN INC
COM
8,608

New
50,000


MERCK & CO INC
COM
7,961
955
13.64
125,000


AETNA INC NEW
COM
7,695
7,695
New
50,000


ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
6,696
-670
(9.09)
50,000


GLOBAL BLOOD THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
5,400
675
14.29
200,000


ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL INC
COM
5,081
-5,758
(53.13)
75,000


K2M GROUP HLDGS INC
COM
4,930
1,233
33.33
200,000


CLOVIS ONCOLOGY INC
COM
4,613
-2,306
(33.33)
50,000


AERIE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
4,607
-1,626
(26.09)
85,000


ALLERGAN PLC
SHS
4,448
1,271
40
17,500


GLAUKOS CORP
COM
4,108
-822
(16.67)
100,000


DERMIRA INC
COM
3,900
-279
(6.67)
140,000


SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
3,699
-411
(10)
90,000


ESPERION THERAPEUTICS INC NEW
COM
3,515
3,515
New
75,000


ABBOTT LABS
COM
3,508
-2,255
(39.13)
70,000


NUVASIVE INC
COM
3,076
-2,307
(42.86)
40,000


IMMUNOMEDICS INC
COM
2,993
428
16.67
350,000




<< first< previous1234next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































