









iHeartMedia, Inc.









































We are everything sound.



 
 
 






iHeartMedia is one of the leading global media and entertainment company specializing in radio, digital, outdoor, mobile, social, live events and on-demand entertainment.

















































All your favorite music.All your favorite stations.All free.
Get the App













News


























iHeartRadio's New Services
Revolutionizing Live Radio And Introducing On Demand With ‘iHeartRadio Plus’ And ‘iHeartRadio All Access’
Read More



















iHeartSummer ’17 Weekend by AT&T
DJ Khaled, Halsey, Miley Cyrus, Backstreet Boys, Fifth Harmony, Noah Cyrus, and more

Read More



















Groundbreaking Technology
Introducing new SmartAudio, real-time Radio ad buying platform for more adaptive campaigns
Read More



















Clear Channel Outdoor
Inspiring and Motivating People With Powerful Out-of-home Campaigns

Read More



















Hire Smart. Hire Vets.
Show Your Stripes and join the movement in support of hiring veterans

Read More



















Clear Channel International
Reaches 450 million people monthly across Asia Pacific, Europe and Australia and more

Read More
























7-27-2017


iHeartMedia, Inc. and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Set Date for 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Teleconference






7-20-2017


iHeartCommunications, Inc. Announces Extension Of Private Term Loan Offers






7-20-2017


iHeartCommunications, Inc. Announces Extension of Private Offers to Holders of Its Five Series of Priority Guarantee Notes and Its Senior Notes Due 2021 to Exchange Such Notes for New Securities














More












Join the band
We are always on the lookout for innovative people to help grow our brands, including -- iHeartMedia, Clear Channel Outdoor, Katz Media Group, Total Traffic & Weather Network (TTWN), Premiere Networks and RCS. Join us today!
Search Careers

































Our Brands




































































iHeartMedia, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:04 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of iHeartMedia, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
iHeartMedia, Inc. operates as a diversified media and entertainment company in the United States. It operates through three segments: iHeartMedia, Americas Outdoor Advertising, and International Outdoor Advertising. The iHeartMedia segment offers radio broadcasting, digital online and mobile platforms and products, program syndication, entertainment, traffic and weather data distribution, and music research services; and operates Premiere Networks, a national radio network that produces, distributes, or represents approximately 100 syndicated radio programs serving approximately 5,900 radio station affiliates. It also delivers real-time traffic and weather information through navigation syst...
iHeartMedia, Inc. operates as a diversified media and entertainment company in the United States. It operates through three segments: iHeartMedia, Americas Outdoor Advertising, and International Outdoor Advertising. The iHeartMedia segment offers radio broadcasting, digital online and mobile platforms and products, program syndication, entertainment, traffic and weather data distribution, and music research services; and operates Premiere Networks, a national radio network that produces, distributes, or represents approximately 100 syndicated radio programs serving approximately 5,900 radio station affiliates. It also delivers real-time traffic and weather information through navigation systems, radio and television broadcast media, and wireless and Internet-based services; and curates, promotes, produces, and televises live music events for listeners and advertising partners. As of December 31, 2016, this segment owned 855 radio stations, including 240 AM and 615 FM radio stations. The Americas Outdoor Advertising segment owns or operates display structures comprising printed and digital billboards, street furniture and transit displays, airport displays and wallscapes, and other spectaculars focusing on metropolitan areas. This segment owned or operated approximately 99,000 display structures. The International Outdoor Advertising segment owns or operates displays, such as street furniture and transit displays, billboards, mall displays, SmartBike programs, wallscapes, and other spectaculars in Asia and Europe. This segment owned and operated approximately 490,000 displays. The company was formerly known as CC Media Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to iHeartMedia, Inc. in September 2014. iHeartMedia, Inc. was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.
Detailed Description


200 East Basse RoadSuite 100San Antonio, TX 78209United StatesFounded in 197218,700 Employees



Phone: 210-822-2828

www.clearchannel.com







Key Executives for iHeartMedia, Inc.




Mr. Robert W. Pittman


      	Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 63
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.4M








Mr. Richard J. Bressler


      	President, COO, CFO & Director
      


Age: 60
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.4M








Mr. Christopher William Eccleshare


      	Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel International
      


Age: 61
        

Total Annual Compensation: $2.1M








Mr. Scott R. Wells


      	Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel Outdoor Americas Division
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $800.0K








Mr. Robert H. Walls Jr.


      	Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.5M





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

iHeartMedia, Inc. Key Developments

iHeartMedia, Inc. Announces Resignation of Irving L.  Azoff from the Board of Directors
May 5 17
Irving L.  Azoff resigned from the Board of Directors of iHeartMedia, Inc. effective May 3, 2017.


iHeartMedia, Inc. Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017; Provides Capital Expenditure Guidance for 2017
May 4 17
iHeartMedia, Inc. reported consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the period, the company has posted revenue of $1,329,322,000 against $1,361,798,000 a year ago. Operating income was $114,057,000 against $420,714,000 a year ago. Loss before income tax was $356,896,000 against $49,381,000 a year ago. Net loss attributable to the company was $388,215,000 against $88,496,000 a year ago. Capital expenditures for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $51.0 million compared to $56.8 million in the three months ended March 31, 2016.

The company estimates capital expenditures for 2017 to be between $300 million and $325 million.


Clear Channel International B.V., iHeartCommunications, Inc., Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., iHeartMedia, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 04, 2017
Apr 24 17
Clear Channel International B.V., iHeartCommunications, Inc., Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., iHeartMedia, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 04, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 19, 2016
			    
340 Townsend Office Building in SoMa District





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact iHeartMedia, Inc., please visit www.clearchannel.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Willis v. iHeartMedia, Inc.
































      HomeCase DocumentsFrequently Asked QuestionsFile ClaimContact Us










Willis v. iHeartMedia, Inc.







Welcome to the Willis v. iHeartMedia, Inc. Settlement Website
If You Received a Text Message on Your Cell Phone from iHeartMedia (or One of its Radio Stations) Advertising Goods or Services, a Class Action Settlement May Affect Your Rights.
 A Settlement has been reached in a class action lawsuit against iHeartMedia, Inc. (“Defendant” or “iHeartMedia”). The suit concerns whether iHeartMedia (or its radio stations) violated a federal law called the Telephone Consumer Protection Act by sending unsolicited text messages to the cell phones of its listeners advertising its marketing partners’ goods and services (“Advertising Text Messages”). iHeartMedia denies any wrongdoing and maintains that the Advertising Text Messages were made with consumers’ consent and were authorized by law. The Settlement does not establish who is correct, but rather is a compromise to end the lawsuit.
You are included in the Settlement if you received an Advertising Text Message on your cell phone from iHeartMedia (or one of its radio stations) between October 16, 2013 and April 19, 2016. You may be entitled to a cash payment if you affirm that you received such a text message without providing your consent.
Those who submit valid claims will be eligible to receive an equal, or pro rata, share of an $8.5 million settlement fund that iHeartMedia has agreed to establish. Each individual who submits a valid claim will receive a portion of this fund, after all notice and administration costs, the incentive award, and attorneys’ fees have been paid. iHeartMedia has also agreed to implement procedures to ensure that it has the appropriate consent to send text messages in the future.
 
Your Legal Rights and Options in This Settlement
                      



 
Submit a Claim Form  
 
 
This is the only way to receive a payment.
 


 
Exclude Yourself
 
 
You will not receive any benefits, but you will retain any rights you      may currently have to sue the Defendant about calls made to you.
 


 
Object
 
 
Write to the Court explaining why you don’t like the Settlement.
 


 
Go to the Hearing
 
 
Ask to speak in Court about your opinion of the Settlement.
 


 
Do Nothing
 
 
You won’t get a share of the Settlement benefits and will give up your rights to sue the Defendant about the claims in this case.
 



 
 
Important Dates
                      



 
Claims Filing Deadline
 
 
September 8, 2016 (28 days after the Final Approval Hearing)
 


 
Request for Exclusion Deadline
 
 
July 8, 2016
 


 
Objection Deadline
 
 
July 8, 2016
 


 
Notice of Intent to Appear Deadline 
 
 
July 8, 2016
 


 
Final Approval Hearing
 
 
August 11, 2016
 



 
 










iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792140678"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792140678"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










IHEARTMEDIA, INC. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Advertising Agencies Industry Report


Radio Broadcasting & Programming Industry Report


Advertising & Marketing Services Industry Report


Media Industry Report


Professional Services Sector Industry Report


Competitive Reports


Technology Report


















IHEARTMEDIA, INC.Company Information

200 E Basse Rd Ste 100San Antonio, TX, 78209 United States(210) 822-2828 †

IHEARTMEDIA, INC. Rankings

					#426 in FORTUNE 500 (June 2017)
					#426 in FORTUNE 1000 (June 2017)

Top 3 Competitors

CBS CORPORATION
CUMULUS MEDIA INC.
JCDECAUX FRANCE



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

IHEARTMEDIA, INC. Company Profile

   iHeartMedia is the #1 radio company in the US. The firm, formerly known as CC Media, owns and operates more than 850 radio stations in about 150 markets through iHeartCommunications. With more than 245 million listeners a month, its stations generate revenue by selling advertising and subscriptions. The company also owns outdoor advertising giant Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings. Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings sells advertising space on billboards, public transportation, buildings, and other outdoor environments throughout the US and more than 30 other countries.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional IHEARTMEDIA, INC. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

San Antonio, TX, United States
Advertising Agencies
Radio Broadcasting & Programming
Advertising & Marketing Services
Media
Professional Services Sector







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























IHEARTMEDIA, INC. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Advertising Agencies Industry Report


Radio Broadcasting & Programming Industry Report


Advertising & Marketing Services Industry Report


Media Industry Report


Professional Services Sector Industry Report


Competitive Reports


Technology Report















IHEARTMEDIA, INC. Revenue and Financial Data

   iHeartMedia is the #1 radio company in the US. The firm, formerly known as CC Media, owns and operates more than 850 radio stations in about 150 markets through iHeartCommunications. With more than 245 million listeners a month, its stations generate revenue by selling advertising and subscriptions. The company also owns outdoor advertising giant Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings. Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings sells advertising space on billboards, public transportation, buildings, and other outdoor environments throughout the US and more than 30 other countries.
  







Financials Information for IHEARTMEDIA, INC.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012




Revenue
$6273.573
$6241.516
$6318.533
$6243.044
$6246.884


Gross Profit
$3861.2860000000005
$3768.171
$3784.1680000000006
$3699.625
$3750.334


Operating Income
$1504.691
$1149.431
$1081.586
$1000.782
$1070.05


Net Income
$-296.318
$-754.621
$-793.761
$-606.883
$-424.479


Diluted EPS
$-3.5
$-8.95
$-9.46
$-7.31
$-5.23










Cash Flow (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Cash at the beginning of the year
$772.678
$457.024
$708.151


Net Operating Cash
$-13.982
$-77.304
$245.116


Net Investing Cash
$510.915
$30.234
$-88.682


Net Financing Cash
$-418.231
$377.41
$-398.001


Net Change in Cash
$72.352
$315.654
$-251.127


Cash at end of the year
$845.03
$772.678
$457.024


Capital Expenditure
$-314.717
$-296.38
$-318.164










Assets (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Assets


Cash
$845.03
$772.678
$457.024


Net Receivables
$1364.404
$1442.038
$1395.248


Inventories
$22.068
$24.833
$23.777


Other Income Assets
$32.997
$87.204
$74.729


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$2504.687
$2810.883
$2180.143


Net Fixed Assets
$1948.162
$2212.556
$2699.064


Other Noncurrent Assets
$58.124
$33.662
$46.736


Total Assets
$12862.247
$13821.098
$14040.242






Liabilities (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$146.772
$153.276
$132.258


Short Term Debt
$342.908
$181.512
$3.604


Other Current Liabilities
$200.103
$210.924
$176.048


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$1696.57
$1659.228
$1364.285


Long Term Debt
$20022.08
$20687.082
$20322.414


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$552.914
$566.244
$655.269


Total Liabilities
$23882.904
$24605.395
$23929.59






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$
$
$


Common Stock Equity
$0.091
$0.09
$0.089


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$-11020.658
$-10784.296
$-9889.348


Shares Outstanding
90.64
89.59
88.6







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
































 






































iHeartMedia, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report | Market Research Reports® Inc.



















Skip to main content









 








Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Become Publisher
Blog
 





0 items $0.00 











Search form

Search this site 
 

Search



 










You are here: Home  Catalog  Media  Broadcasting & Cable  Company Reports (Media) 









iHeartMedia, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report











iHeartMedia, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report









Printer versionSend by email





Publication ID: MLI0316088
Publication Date: 

March 11, 2016



Pages: 

31


Publisher: MarketLine
Countries: 

USA


$175.00
Publication Type *
 - Select -Single User License (PDF), $175.00Site License (PDF), $350.00Global License (PDF), $525.00
Please choose the suitable license type from above. More details are at given under tab "Report License Types" below.




Add to cart





Why to buy from us?




 Globally Trusted Brand


We help executives from Fortune 500 firms to Start-ups with their market research needs thus we can help you too. 





 Shop With Confidence


If you have any pre-sales questions related to this report pelase let us know using the "Report Enquiry" form below. This will help us provide you with answers so that you can purchase with confidence. 





 Secure Checkout


You can shop confidently as your online payments are processed using PCI DSS compliant secure payment gateways on our website.





 Frequently Asked Questions


If you wish to read about frequently asked questions by our customers please visit our FAQs page.










TabsDescription

Summary
iHeartMedia, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company.
Key Findings
- Detailed information on iHeartMedia, Inc. required for business and competitor intelligence needs
- A study of the major internal and external factors affecting iHeartMedia, Inc. in the form of a SWOT analysis
- An in-depth view of the business model of iHeartMedia, Inc. including a breakdown and examination of key business segments
- Intelligence on iHeartMedia, Inc.'s mergers and acquisitions (MandA), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisors
- News about iHeartMedia, Inc., such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
- Large number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trends
Reasons To Buy
- Gain understanding of iHeartMedia, Inc. and the factors that influence its strategies
- Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions
- Assess iHeartMedia, Inc. as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier
- Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better
- Stay up to date on iHeartMedia, Inc.'s business structure, strategy and prospects
Key Highlights
iHeartMedia, Inc. (iHeartMedia or "the company") is a diversified media and entertainment company specializing in radio, digital, out-of-home, mobile and on-demand entertainment and information services for national audiences and local communities. The company primarily operates in the US where it is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas and employed 18,700 people as of December 31, 2015. The company recorded revenues of $6,241.5 million during the financial year ended December 2015 (FY2015), a decrease of 1.2% compared to FY2014. The operating profit of the company was $1,149.4 million in FY2015, an increase of 6.3% over FY2014. The net loss of the company was $754.6 million in FY2015, as compared to a net loss of $793.8 million in FY2014.




Table of Contents

Company Overview
Business Description
History
Key Employees and Biographies
Company View
Locations and Subsidiaries
SWOT Analysis
Revenue Analysis
Key Competitors
Major Products and Services




Companies Covered

iHeartMedia, Inc.




Report License Types

Single User License (PDF)
This license allows for use of a publication by one person.
This person may print out a single copy of the publication.
This person can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
This person cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Single User License must be purchased for every person that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Site License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by all users within one corporate location, e.g. a regional office.
These users may print out a single copy of the publication.
These users can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
These users cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside the corporate location for which the publication is purchased.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Site User License must be purchased for every corporate location by an organization that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Global License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by unlimited users within the purchasing organization e.g. all employees of a single company.
Each of these people may use the publication on any computer, and may print out the report, but may not share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside of the organization.
These employees of purchasing organization can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
*If Applicable.




Report Enquiry


Do you have more questions related to this market research report after going through the description and table of contents?
We are here to help. Please use the form given below to let us know your questions related to this report.
Kindly use your official email address and contact number to ensure speedy response.


First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Email Address *



Phone (Including International Code) *



Report Title *



Your Inquiry *








CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


Math question *
 2 + 1 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


Submit




Broadcasting & CableCompany Reports (Media)Media

*Please note that the report cover image shown above is for representation purpose only. Actual report cover may vary.








 175.00000
Single User License (PDF)

Market Research Reports® Inc.
http://www.marketresearchreports.com












Related Market Research Reports







Publication 

Price 





2017-2022 Global Top Countries Nano and Microsatellite Market Report
The Global Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. 

$4,960.00 



2017-2022 India Nano and Microsatellite Market Report (Status and Outlook)
The Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in India, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022.
In India market, the top players include
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Gruman
Raytheon
Dynetics
Surrey Satellite Technology
Axelspace
Sierra Nevada
Clyde Space
Planet Labs
Dauria Aerospace
CASC 

$3,360.00 



2017-2022 Japan Nano and Microsatellite Market Report (Status and Outlook)
The Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in Japan, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022.
In Japan market, the top players include
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Gruman
Raytheon
Dynetics
Surrey Satellite Technology
Axelspace
Sierra Nevada
Clyde Space
Planet Labs
Dauria Aerospace
CASC 

$3,360.00 



2017-2022 Malaysia Nano and Microsatellite Market Report (Status and Outlook)
The Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in Malaysia, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. 

$3,360.00 



2017-2022 Philippines Nano and Microsatellite Market Report (Status and Outlook)
The Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in Philippines, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. 

$3,360.00 



2017-2022 United States Nano and Microsatellite Market Report (Status and Outlook)
The Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in United States, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. 

$3,360.00 



2017 Top 5 Nano and Microsatellite Manufacturers in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa
The Global Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. 

$4,960.00 



2017-2022 China Nano and Microsatellite Market Report (Status and Outlook)
The Nano and Microsatellite market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in China, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022.
In China market, the top players include
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Gruman
Raytheon
Dynetics
Surrey Satellite Technology
Axelspace
Sierra Nevada
Clyde Space
Planet Labs
Dauria Aerospace
CASC 

$3,360.00 



China Nano and Microsatellite Market by Manufacturers, Regions (Province), Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
The term "microsatellite" or "microsat" is usually applied to the name of an artificial satellite with a wet mass between 10 and 100 kg (22 and 220 lb). The term "nanosatellite" or "nanosat" is applied to an artificial satellite with a wet mass between 1 and 10 kg (2.2 and 22.0 lb). 

$4,480.00 



Global (North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) Fixed Satellite Service Market 2017 Forecast to 2022
An FSS is a type of service that uses geosynchronous satellites to broadcast through TV and radio, telecommunications, and satellite communication that are used by governments, military organizations, small and large enterprises, and other end-users. It can provide information to intelligence and security organizations. FSS is classified into wholesale services and managed services. 

$4,880.00 



United States Nano and Microsatellite Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
The term "microsatellite" or "microsat" is usually applied to the name of an artificial satellite with a wet mass between 10 and 100 kg (22 and 220 lb). The term "nanosatellite" or "nanosat" is applied to an artificial satellite with a wet mass between 1 and 10 kg (2.2 and 22.0 lb). 

$4,480.00 



Europe Satellite-based Automatic Identification Systems Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022
The global satellite based automatic identification systems (S-AIS) market to grow at a CAGR of 24.76% during the period 2017-2022.
Scope of the Report:
This report focuses on the Satellite-based Automatic Identification Systems in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Russia, and Italy. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, countries, type and application. 

$4,480.00 




 









Clients Who Trust Us

 











Need tailor made market research solution? We can help you with that too.

Contact Us










About Us

At Market Research Reports, Inc. we aim to make it easier for decision makers to find relevant information and locate right market research reports which can save their time and assist in what they do best, i.e. take time-critical decisions.
We work with our associate Global market research firms who are known leaders in their respective domains to obtain right market research solution for our customer’s needs, be it custom research or syndicated research reports.





Contact Us


Market Research Reports, Inc

















16192 Coastal Hwy
Lewes, DE 19958, USA
 USA: +1-302-703-9904
 India: +91-8762746600
 marketresearchreports
[email protected]
 




User login


Username *
 


Password *
 

Create new account
Request new password


Log in
 




Latest Blog Posts



  
 Investment Opportunities in Taiwan: Semiconductor, Chemical and Consumer Goods will Lead the Pack 

 Global Investment Opportunities in Ports and Terminals 
 
 


Stay Connected







 



Sign up to our newsletter:
Email Address *
 



Subscribe
 





 




Research Industries

Home
Automotive
Banking & Finance
Business & Government
Chemicals
Computing & Electronics
Consumer & Retail
Energy & Utilities
Food & Beverages
Industry & Manufacturing
Marketing & Advertising
Media
Pharma & Healthcare
Telecom
Transport
Travel & Leisure
 









Our Company

About Us
Publications By Country
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 







© Copyright 2010-17 Market Research Reports, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. M Market Research Reports and the M Market Research Reports Logo are registered trademarks of Market Research Reports, Inc.
Disclaimer: Market Research Reports, Inc. has no affiliation to, and is not associated with any other website(s) or organization(s). We offer syndicated research reports (like country analysis, SWOT analysis, competitive intelligence, industry reports, company reports and market analysis & trends reports) and custom market research from our website MarketResearchReports.com only.
If you are looking for a market research solution for your research requirements, please begin your search using the search box on top of this page or use our chat system to speak to our market research consultants or directly write to us.
 












iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792140678"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792140678"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792140678"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792140678"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Our Stations





































 Stations












                                            106.7 Lite fm
                                        





New York, NY






LISTEN NOW







 Soft Rock 
 Mix & Variety 












                                            103.5 KTU
                                        





New York, NY






LISTEN NOW







 Top 40 & Pop 












                                            Z100
                                        





New York, NY






LISTEN NOW







 Top 40 & Pop 












                                            102.7 KIIS-FM Los Angeles
                                        





Los Angeles, CA






LISTEN NOW







 Top 40 & Pop 












                                            104.3 MYfm Los Angeles
                                        





Los Angeles, CA






LISTEN NOW







 Mix & Variety 












                                            KOST 103.5 Los Angeles
                                        





Los Angeles, CA






LISTEN NOW







 Soft Rock 












                                            Q104.3
                                        





New York, NY






LISTEN NOW







 Classic Rock 












                                            Power 105.1
                                        





New York, NY






LISTEN NOW







 Hip Hop and R&B 












                                            Real 92.3
                                        





Los Angeles, CA






LISTEN NOW







 Hip Hop and R&B 












                                            ALT 98.7 Los Angeles
                                        





Los Angeles, CA






LISTEN NOW







 Alternative 












                                            103.5 KISS FM
                                        





Chicago, IL






LISTEN NOW







 Top 40 & Pop 












                                            SUNNY 99.1 Houston
                                        





Houston, TX






LISTEN NOW







 Soft Rock 












                                            93.9 My FM Chicago
                                        





Chicago, IL






LISTEN NOW







 Mix & Variety 












                                            KISS 108
                                        





Boston, MA






LISTEN NOW







 Top 40 & Pop 












                                            106.1 KISS FM
                                        





Dallas, TX






LISTEN NOW







 Top 40 & Pop 










Search by Location




City
Akron
Albany
Albuquerque
Allentown
Anchorage
Asheville
Atlanta
Auburn
Augusta
Austin
Bakersfield
Baltimore
Baton Rouge
Beaumont
Biloxi
Binghamton
Birmingham
Bismarck
Boston
Brunswick
Bryan
Canton
Cape Cod
Cedar Rapids
Charleston
Charlotte
Chattanooga
Cheyenne
Chicago
Chillicothe
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Colorado Springs
Columbia
Columbus
Corpus Christi
Dallas
Davenport
Dayton
Defiance
Denver
Des Moines
Detroit
Dickinson
Digital
Eau Claire
El Paso
Fairbanks
Farmington
Fayetteville
Florence
Fort Collins
Fort Myers
Fort Smith
Fresno
Gadsden
Gallup
Grand Forks
Grand Rapids
Great Falls
Greensboro-Winston-Salem-High Point
Greenville
Harrisburg
Harrisonburg
Hartford
Honolulu
Houston
Huntington
Huntsville
Indianapolis
Jackson
Jacksonville
Lancaster
Las Vegas
Laurel
Lexington
Lima
Little Rock
Los Angeles
Louisville
Macon
Madison
Manchester
Mansfield
Marion
McAllen
Melbourne
Memphis
Miami
Milwaukee
Minneapolis
Minot
Mobile
Modesto
Monterey
Montgomery
Muskegon
Myrtle Beach
Nashville
New Haven
New Orleans
New York
Norfolk
Ogallala
Oklahoma City
Omaha
Orlando
Panama City
Parkersburg
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
Portland
Portsmouth
Poughkeepsie
Providence
Pueblo
Raleigh
Reading
Richmond
Riverside
Roanoke
Rochester
Sacramento
Saint Louis
Salisbury
Salt Lake City
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Sarasota
Savannah
Seattle
Sioux City
Somerset
Spokane
Springfield
Stockton
Sussex
Syracuse
Tallahassee
Tampa
Toledo
Tucson
Tulsa
Tupelo
Tuscaloosa
Valley
Waco
Washington
West Palm Beach
Wheeling
Wichita
Williamsport
Wilmington
Winchester
Worcester
Youngstown






State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NAT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
TN
TX
UT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY




Search by Genre




Genre
Alternative
Christian & Gospel
Classic Rock
Comedy
Country
Dance
Hip Hop and R&B
Holiday
Jazz
Mix & Variety
News & Talk
Oldies
Personalities
Reggae & Island
Rock
Soft Rock
Spanish
Sports
Top 40 & Pop




























iHeartMedia, Inc. Reports Results for 2017 First QuarterHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballiHeartMedia, Inc. Reports Results for 2017 First QuarterBusiness WireMay 4, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSAN ANTONIO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--iHeartMedia, Inc. (IHRT) today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017.“We are a true multi-platform, 21st-century media company, leveraging our leading broadcast radio, digital, outdoor, mobile, social, live events and data businesses to continue to innovate for the benefit of our marketing partners,” said Bob Pittman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of iHeartMedia, Inc. “This quarter the iHeartMedia segment improved its innovative programmatic solution by introducing SmartAudio - a digital data product for advertisers that combines the massive scale of broadcast radio with the power of digital data and more informed audience targeting. At Outdoor, we continue to enhance our data analytics capabilities and automated ad-buying while staying focused on building out our digital networks.”Rich Bressler, President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, said: “Our consolidated revenues, operating income and OIBDAN declined in the first quarter. Adjusting for sales and foreign exchange, however, our revenues increased. At the iHeartMedia segment, this quarter marked the sixteenth consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases in revenue. We remain focused on balancing financial discipline with investments to grow our businesses while continuing to work on our capital structure.”Key Financial HighlightsThe Company’s key financial highlights for the first quarter of 2017 include: Consolidated revenue decreased 2.4%. Consolidated revenue increased 1.6%, after adjusting for a $12.8 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the $40.6 million impact of the outdoor markets and businesses sold.   iHM revenues increased $18.3 million, or 2.5%. Revenues increased $27.3 million, or 3.8%, excluding political revenue.   Americas outdoor revenues decreased $3.1 million, or 1.1%. Revenues increased $0.7 million, or 0.2%, after adjusting for a $1.4 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and a $5.2 million impact from the sale of non-strategic markets.   International outdoor revenues decreased $41.2 million, or 13.4%. Revenues increased $8.3 million, or 3.1%, after adjusting for a $14.2 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and a $35.4 million impact from the sale of our businesses in Australia and Turkey.    Operating income decreased $306.7 million, or 72.9%, primarily due to the net gain of $278.3 million on the sale of non-strategic Americas outdoor markets in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the net gain of $28.6 million on the sale of our Americas outdoor Indianapolis market in the first quarter of 2017.  OIBDAN decreased 21.3% and decreased 19.0%, excluding the impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the impact of the outdoor markets and businesses sold. Key Non-Financial HighlightsThe Company’s recent key non-financial highlights include:iHeartMedia Continued to innovate our programmatic solutions and data services with the introduction of "SmartAudio," which combines the massive scale of broadcast radio with the power of digital data and more informed audience targeting. With SmartAudio, iHeartMedia can now mine its digital data from more than 100 million registered iHeartRadio listeners and the millions who use the iHeartMedia radio websites to create robust audience segment profiles.  Achieved 100 million iHeartRadio registered users in the quarter and continue to reach user milestones at a rate faster than any other digital music service - with iHeartRadio's cumulative downloads and upgrades surpassing 1.4 billion, as of March 31, 2017.  Staged the fourth annual iHeartRadio Music Awards on March 5th - generating 165 billion social media impressions throughout the promotional period. The show was simulcast on TBS, TNT and truTV, as well as on iHeartMedia radio stations and across the iHeartRadio digital music platform.  Announced the sixth annual iHeartRadio Music Festival for September 22nd and 23rd.  Launched On the Move with Enrique Santos, featuring Hispanic broadcast powerhouse Enrique Santos, on more than 100 stations nationwide. This is our first major programming and marketing effort targeting the English-language first Hispanic households. iHeartMedia reaches 91% of the U.S. Hispanic population on a monthly basis, including 43% of whom are English-language first households.  Celebrated Elvis Duran, who recently signed a new five-year deal, for receiving a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The star honored his two decades on Z100 in New York, where Elvis and the Morning Show ranks #1 in the market. The program is also syndicated across nearly 80 radio stations - reaching over 10 million listeners monthly.  Signed a long-term agreement with top national radio personality, comedian, television host and best-selling author Steve Harvey to renew and expand his relationship with the company. He will continue in his role as host of the top-rated The Steve Harvey Morning Show, which is syndicated nationally on nearly 100 stations and reaches nearly 7 million weekly listeners.  Announced Delilah’s induction into the National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) Broadcasting Hall of Fame. This marked the first time a woman has been chosen in the past 35 years. Also, Delilah recently celebrated the 30-year anniversary of her nationally syndicated nighttime radio program, which reaches more than 10 million monthly listeners on about 150 stations nationwide.  Honored at the 11th annual Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer service, with the iHeartMedia Sales team winning four Gold Stevie Awards for Innovation in Sales, Best Use of Technology in Sales, Sales Management Team of the Year and National Sales Team of the Year.  Won a Shorty Award for Best in Live Events for the iHeartRadio Music Festival for the second year in a row. The Shorty Awards recognize "the most influential, popular, and culturally relevant brands and influencers across social media." The 2016 iHeartRadio Music Festival also won the category's fan-voted Audience Honor. Outdoor Installed 23 new digital billboards and acquired 31 digital boards in our first quarter transaction for a total of 1,167 across North America, and installed 557 digital displays in the first quarter for a total of more than 12,500 across International outdoor's markets.  Signed a new 10-year partnership with the Honolulu International Airport (HNL) to provide a comprehensive digital advertising network throughout the airport. We are the first media company to offer an in-terminal advertising concession to HNL.  Won a new five-year contract to provide Milwaukee County's General Mitchell International Airport with an immersive digital media program that integrates the latest innovative advertising media and technologies to offer a new level of opportunities for passenger engagement.  Began selling and posting a series of new wallscapes and bulletins at the Sunset Millennium premier real estate development project in West Hollywood that are among the largest out-of-home media available in the Los Angeles area.  Introduced Europe's first out-of-home automated ad-buying tool in the UK after its successful launch in Belgium. Now UK customers can access and buy audience-based packages on an automated guaranteed basis across 'Storm', International outdoor's premium digital out-of-home network in the UK.  Installed over 150 additional Adshel Live screens in the UK including over 70 phone box products in London and now have over 1,000 Adshel Live screens throughout the UK.  Plan to install more than 100 digital screens in shopping malls across Sweden by the summer to increase our presence in the country's top 20 cities.  Strengthened our presence in the Canton of Basel-Stadt, Switzerland, by winning contracts to install 11 digital screens and operate new street furniture poster sites.     GAAP Measures by Segment                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change           2017       2016       Revenue                   iHM       $   757,173       $   738,886       2.5   %     Americas Outdoor       279,420       282,528       (1.1   )%     International Outdoor       265,306       306,486       (13.4   )%     Other       29,271       34,183       (14.4   )%     Eliminations       (1,848   )     (285   )         Consolidated revenue       $   1,329,322         $   1,361,798         (2.4   )%     Direct Operating and SG&A expenses1     iHM       $   551,482       $   496,075       11.2   %     Americas Outdoor       196,559       193,341       1.7   %     International Outdoor       247,146       275,447       (10.3   )%     Other       27,641       27,654       —   %     Eliminations       (947   )     (285   )         Consolidated Direct Operating and SG&A expenses       $   1,021,881         $   992,232         3.0   %     Operating Income                   iHM       $   147,654       $   183,994       (19.8   )%     Americas Outdoor       37,566       43,071       (12.8   )%     International Outdoor       (12,513   )     (6,841   )     (82.9   )%     Other       (1,739   )     2,913       (159.7   )%     Corporate2       (87,995   )     (86,886   )     (1.3   )%     Other operating income (loss), net       31,084         284,463             Consolidated Operating Income       $   114,057         $   420,714         (72.9   )%            1Direct Operating and SG&A Expenses as included throughout this earnings release refers to the sum of Direct operating expenses (excludes depreciation and amortization) and Selling, general and administrative expenses (excludes depreciation and amortization).               2Includes Corporate depreciation and amortization of $8.7 million and $9.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and intercompany charges.                       Non-GAAP Measures1 (see preceding table for comparable GAAP measures)                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change           2017       2016       Revenue, excluding movements in foreign exchange     iHM       $   757,173       $   738,886       2.5   %     Americas Outdoor       278,052       282,528       (1.6   )%     International Outdoor       279,494       306,486       (8.8   )%     Other       29,271       34,183       (14.4   )%     Eliminations       (1,848   )     (285   )         Consolidated revenue excluding movements in foreign exchange       $   1,342,142         $   1,361,798         (1.4   )%     Direct Operating and SG&A expenses, excluding movements in foreign exchange     iHM       $   551,482       $   496,075       11.2   %     Americas Outdoor       195,162       193,341       0.9   %     International Outdoor       260,253       275,447       (5.5   )%     Other       27,641       27,654       —   %     Eliminations       (947   )     (285   )         Consolidated Direct Operating and SG&A expenses, excluding movements in foreign exchange       $   1,033,591         $   992,232         4.2   %     OIBDAN                   iHM       $   205,691       $   242,811       (15.3   )%     Americas Outdoor       82,861       89,187       (7.1   )%     International Outdoor       18,160       31,039       (41.5   )%     Other       1,630       6,529       (75.0   )%     Corporate       (75,303   )     (74,785   )     0.7   %     Eliminations       (901   )     —             Consolidated OIBDAN       $   232,138         $   294,781         (21.3   )%     OIBDAN, excluding movements in foreign exchange     iHM       $   205,691       $   242,811       (15.3   )%     Americas Outdoor       82,890       89,187       (7.1   )%     International Outdoor       19,241       31,039       (38.0   )%     Other       1,630       6,529       (75.0   )%     Corporate       (76,389   )     (74,785   )     2.1   %     Eliminations       (901   )     —             Consolidated OIBDAN, excluding movements in foreign exchange       $   232,162         $   294,781         (21.2   )%     Revenue excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from outdoor markets and businesses sold     Americas Outdoor       $   276,603       $   275,915       0.2   %     International Outdoor       279,494       271,145       3.1   %     Consolidated revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from outdoor markets and businesses sold       $   1,340,693       $   1,319,844       1.6   %     OIBDAN excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from outdoor markets and businesses sold     Americas Outdoor       $   82,407       $   86,643       (4.9   )%     International Outdoor       19,241       24,839       (22.5   )%     Consolidated OIBDAN, excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from outdoor markets and businesses sold       $   231,679       $   286,037       (19.0   )%             Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2017 presentation of financial information throughout the press release.                    1      See the end of this press release for reconciliations of (i) OIBDAN excluding effects of foreign exchange and OIBDAN for each segment to consolidated and segment operating income (loss); (ii) revenues excluding effects of foreign exchange rates to revenues (iii); direct operating and SG&A expenses excluding effects of foreign exchange to direct operating and SG&A expenses; (iv) revenues excluding political advertising revenues to revenues; (v) corporate expenses excluding non-cash compensation expenses and effects of foreign exchange to corporate expenses; (vi) consolidated and outdoor revenues, excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to consolidated and outdoor revenues; (vii) consolidated and outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to consolidated and outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses; and (vii) consolidated and outdoor OIBDAN, excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets sold, to consolidated and outdoor operating income. See also the definition of OIBDAN under the Supplemental Disclosure section in this release.                 First Quarter 2017 ResultsConsolidatedConsolidated revenue decreased $32.5 million, or 2.4%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Revenue growth from our iHM business was partially offset by lower revenue generated by our Americas and International outdoor businesses as a result of the sales of certain U.S. outdoor markets and international businesses. Consolidated revenue increased $20.8 million, or 1.6%, after adjusting for a $12.8 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the $40.6 million impact of outdoor markets and businesses sold in 2016.Consolidated direct operating and SG&A expenses increased $29.6 million, or 3.0%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Consolidated direct operating and SG&A expenses increased $73.6 million, or 7.7%, in the first quarter after adjusting for a $11.7 million impact of movements in foreign exchange rates and the $32.2 million impact from the sale of the outdoor markets and businesses.Consolidated operating income decreased $306.7 million, or 72.9%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to the net gain of $278.3 million on the sale of non-strategic Americas outdoor markets in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the net gain of $28.6 million on the sale of our Americas outdoor Indianapolis market in the first quarter of 2017.The Company's OIBDAN decreased 21.3% to $232.1 million during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. After adjusting for the movements in foreign exchange rates and the impact of the sale of outdoor markets and businesses, the Company’s OIBDAN decreased 19.0% in the first quarter of 2017, compared to the same period in 2016.Included in the 2017 first quarter operating income and OIBDAN were $10.3 million of direct operating and SG&A expenses and $1.6 million of corporate expenses associated with the Company’s strategic revenue and efficiency initiatives, compared to $5.8 million and $0.7 million of such expenses in the prior year, respectively.iHeartMediaiHeartMedia revenues increased $18.3 million, or 2.5%, during the first quarter 2017 as compared to the first quarter 2016, driven primarily by increases in trade and barter, sponsorship and other revenues surrounding our live events, and digital, as well as our core radio business. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in political advertising revenues and lower revenue from our traffic and weather business.Direct operating and SG&A expenses increased $55.4 million, or 11.2%, during the first quarter 2017 as compared to the first quarter 2016 primarily due to higher trade and barter, higher programming costs, investments in national and digital sales capabilities, higher variable compensation related to higher revenue and higher music royalty and licensing costs.Read MoreOperating income decreased 19.8% to $147.7 million, and OIBDAN decreased 15.3% to $205.7 million for the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Each of operating income and OIBDAN for 2017 includes $3.2 million in expenses related to investments in strategic revenue and efficiency initiatives compared to $3.5 million in the 2016 period.Americas OutdoorAmericas outdoor revenues decreased $3.1 million, or 1.1%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Revenues increased $0.7 million, or 0.2%, after adjusting for a $1.4 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and a $5.2 million impact from the sale of non-strategic markets.Direct operating and SG&A expenses increased $3.2 million, or 1.7%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Direct operating and SG&A expenses increased $4.9 million, or 2.6%, after adjusting for a $1.4 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the $3.1 million impact from the sale of non-strategic markets.Operating income decreased 12.8% to $37.6 million during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016, resulting primarily from the sale of the non-strategic markets in the first quarter of 2016. OIBDAN decreased $6.3 million, or 7.1%. OIBDAN decreased $4.2 million, or 4.9%, during the first quarter 2017, after adjusting for the $2.0 million impact from the sale of non-strategic markets. Operating income and OIBDAN in the first quarter of 2017 each included $0.6 million in expenses related to investments in strategic revenue and efficiency initiatives compared to $1.1 million in the 2016 period.International OutdoorInternational outdoor revenues decreased $41.2 million, or 13.4%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Revenues increased $8.3 million, or 3.1%, after adjusting for a $14.2 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the $35.4 million impact from the sale of our businesses in Turkey and Australia. The increase is primarily due to growth across several markets including Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, primarily from new contracts and digital expansion.Direct operating and SG&A expenses decreased $28.3 million, or 10.3%, during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. Direct operating and SG&A expenses increased $13.9 million, or 5.7%, after adjusting for a $13.1 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the $29.1 million impact from the sale of our businesses in Turkey and Australia. Direct operating and SG&A expenses increased primarily due to higher site lease and production expenses in countries experiencing revenue growth.Operating loss increased 82.9% to $(12.5) million during the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the first quarter of 2016. OIBDAN decreased $12.9 million, or 41.5%. OIBDAN decreased $5.6 million, or 22.5%, during the first quarter 2017, after adjusting for a $1.1 million impact from movements in foreign exchange rates and the $6.2 million impact from the sale of our businesses in Turkey and Australia. Operating income and OIBDAN in the first quarter of 2017 each include $2.9 million in expenses related to investments in strategic revenue and efficiency initiatives compared to $0.9 million in the 2016 period.Liquidity and Financial PositionAs of March 31, 2017, we had $365.0 million of cash on our balance sheet, including $200.6 million of cash held by our subsidiary, CCOH. A total of $150.7 million of our cash is held outside the U.S. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, cash used for operating activities was $429.0 million, cash used for investing activities totaled $0.3 million, cash used for financing activities was $54.6 million, and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash totaled $3.8 million. The net decrease in cash from December 31, 2016 was $480.0 million.Capital expenditures for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $51.0 million compared to $56.8 million in the three months ended March 31, 2016. We estimate capital expenditures for 2017 to be between $300 million and $325 million.As of March 31, 2017, we had borrowed $305.0 million and had $38.3 million of outstanding letters of credit under iHeartCommunications’ receivables based credit facility. As of March 31, 2017, this facility had a borrowing base of $421.2 million, resulting in $77.9 million of excess availability. However, any incremental borrowing under iHeartCommunications’ receivables based credit facility may be further limited by the terms contained in iHeartCommunications’ material financing agreements. On January 31, 2017, we repaid $25.0 million on iHeartCommunications’ receivables based credit facility.On February 7, 2017, iHeartCommunications completed an exchange offer of $234.9 million principal amount of its 10.0% Senior Notes due 2018 for $234.9 million principal amount of newly-issued 11.25% Priority Guarantee Notes due 2021, which were issued as "additional notes" under the indenture governing the 11.25% Priority Guarantee Notes due 2021.On February 9, 2017, CCOH declared a special dividend of $282.5 million using a portion of the proceeds from the sales of certain non-strategic U.S. outdoor markets and of our Australia business, which was paid on February 23, 2017. We received 89.9% of the dividend or approximately $254.0 million, with the remaining 10.1% or approximately $28.5 million, paid to public stockholders of CCOH.On March 15, 2017, iHeartCommunications commenced exchange offers to exchange certain series of its outstanding debt securities for new securities of the Company, iHeartCommunications and CC Outdoor Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and concurrent consent solicitations with respect to the terms of the existing notes. On March 15, 2017, the Company also commenced offers to amend its outstanding Term Loan D and Term Loan E borrowings under its senior secured credit facility and/or issue new securities of the Company, CC Outdoor Holdings, Inc., Broader Media, LLC and/or iHeartCommunications to participating lenders.The senior secured credit facilities require us to comply on a quarterly basis with a financial covenant limiting the ratio of consolidated secured debt, net of cash and cash equivalents, to consolidated EBITDA (as defined by iHeartCommunications’ senior secured credit facilities) for the preceding four quarters. We were in compliance with this covenant and, except as otherwise disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 4, 2017, the other covenants in the senior secured credit facilities and in iHeartCommunications’ other material financing agreements as of March 31, 2017.For the year ended December 31, 2016, we adopted a new accounting standard that requires us to evaluate on a quarterly basis whether there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months following the date our financial statements are issued. A substantial amount of our cash requirements are for debt service obligations. Although we have generated operating income, we incurred net losses and had negative cash flows from operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, as well as for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Our current operating plan indicates we will continue to incur net losses and generate negative cash flows from operating activities given iHeartCommunications’ indebtedness and related interest expense. During the quarter ended March 31, 2017, we spent $570.4 million of cash on payments of principal and interest on our debt, net of facility draws and proceeds received, and anticipate having approximately $1.7 billion of cash interest payment obligations for the full year 2017. At March 31, 2017, we had debt maturities totaling $316.5 million, $324.2 million and $8,369.0 million in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. Our debt maturities at March 31, 2017 include $305.0 million outstanding under our receivables based credit facility, which matures on December 24, 2017, and $112.1 million of 10% Senior Notes due January 15, 2018. Based on the significance of the forecasted future negative cash flows, including the maturities of the $305.0 million receivables based credit facility and the $112.1 million 10% Senior Notes due January 15, 2018, and the uncertainty of the outcomes of the notes exchange offers and term loan offers, management has determined that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months following May 4, 2017 as a result of uncertainty around our ability to refinance or extend the maturity of our receivables based credit facility, to achieve our forecasted results and to achieve sufficient cash interest savings from the pending notes exchange offers and term loan offers.Conference CalliHeartMedia, Inc. along with its wholly owned subsidiary, iHeartCommunications, Inc., and its publicly traded subsidiary, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., will host a conference call to discuss results on May 4, 2017, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The conference call number is (800) 398-9386 (U.S. callers) and (612) 332-0418 (International callers) and the passcode for both is 422506. A live audio webcast of the conference call will also be available on the investor section of www.iheartmedia.com and www.clearchanneloutdoor.com. After the live conference call, a replay will be available for a period of thirty days. The replay numbers are (800) 475-6701 (U.S. callers) and (320) 365-3844 (International callers) and the passcode for both is 422506. An archive of the webcast will be available beginning 24 hours after the call for a period of thirty days.               TABLE 1 - Financial Highlights of iHeartMedia, Inc. and Subsidiaries                        (In thousands)         Three Months EndedMarch 31,             2017       2016     Revenue         $   1,329,322       $   1,361,798       Operating expenses:                 Direct operating expenses (excludes depreciation and amortization)         571,262       566,664       Selling, general and administrative expenses (excludes depreciation and amortization)         450,619       425,568       Corporate expenses (excludes depreciation and amortization)         78,362       77,859       Depreciation and amortization         146,106       155,456       Other operating income, net         31,084         284,463         Operating income         114,057       420,714       Interest expense         455,337       463,950       Equity in loss of nonconsolidated affiliates         (242   )     (433   )     Other expense, net         (15,374   )     (5,712   )     Loss before income taxes         (356,896   )     (49,381   )     Income tax expense         (30,684   )     (9,493   )     Consolidated net loss         (387,580   )     (58,874   )     Less: Amount attributable to noncontrolling interest         635         29,622         Net loss attributable to the Company         $   (388,215   )     $   (88,496   )                            For the three months ended March 31, 2017, foreign exchange rate movements decreased the Company’s revenues by $12.8 million, decreased direct operating expenses by $9.1 million and SG&A expenses by $2.6 million.   TABLE 2 - Selected Balance Sheet Information    Selected balance sheet information for March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016:                                  (In millions)         March 31, 2017       December 31, 2016     Cash         $   365.0         $   845.0       Total Current Assets         1,942.5         2,504.7       Net Property, Plant and Equipment         1,922.6         1,948.2       Total Assets         12,273.7         12,862.2       Current Liabilities (excluding current portion of long-term debt)         1,134.1         1,331.7       Long-term Debt (including current portion of long-term debt)         20,370.5         20,365.0       Shareholders’ Deficit         (11,291.3   )       (10,885.5   )                 TABLE 3 - Total Debt    At March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, iHeartMedia, Inc. had total debt of:                          (In millions)       March 31, 2017     December 31, 2016     Senior Secured Credit Facilities       $   6,300.0       $   6,300.0       Receivables Based Credit Facility       305.0       330.0       Priority Guarantee Notes       6,509.7       6,274.8       Subsidiary Revolving Credit Facility due 2018       —       —       Other Secured Subsidiary Debt       20.8         21.0         Total Secured Debt       13,135.5       12,925.8       Senior Notes due 2021       1,746.5       1,729.2       iHeartCommunications Legacy Notes1       475.0       475.0       Senior Notes due 2018       112.1       347.0       Subsidiary Senior Notes due 2022       2,725.0       2,725.0       Subsidiary Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020       2,200.0       2,200.0       Subsidiary Senior Notes due 2020       225.0       225.0       Other Subsidiary Debt       27.2       28.0       Purchase accounting adjustments and original issue discount       (161.0   )     (167.0   )     Long-Term Debt Fees       (114.8   )     (123.0   )     Total long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt)       $   20,370.5         $   20,365.0                                  1Net of $57.1 million of outstanding Legacy Notes held by a subsidiary of iHeartCommunications.             On February 7, 2017, iHeartCommunications completed an exchange offer of $234.9 million principal amount of its 10.0% Senior Notes due 2018 for $234.9 million principal amount of newly-issued 11.25% Priority Guarantee Notes due 2021, which were issued as “additional notes” under the indenture governing the 11.25% Priority Guarantee Notes due 2021.On January 31, 2017, iHeartCommunications prepaid $25.0 million of the amount borrowed under its receivables based credit facility, bringing its total outstanding borrowings under this facility to $305.0 million.The current portion of long-term debt was $435.9 million and $342.9 million as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.Supplemental Disclosure Regarding Non-GAAP Financial InformationThe following tables set forth the Company’s OIBDAN for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016. The Company defines OIBDAN as consolidated operating income adjusted to exclude non-cash compensation expenses, included within corporate expenses, as well as the following line items presented in its Statement of Comprehensive Loss: Depreciation and amortization; Impairment charges; and Other operating income (expense), net.The Company uses OIBDAN, among other measures, to evaluate the Company’s operating performance. This measure is among the primary measures used by management for the planning and forecasting of future periods, as well as for measuring performance for compensation of executives and other members of management. We believe this measure is an important indicator of the Company’s operational strength and performance of its business because it provides a link between operational performance and operating income. It is also a primary measure used by management in evaluating companies as potential acquisition targets.The Company believes the presentation of this measure is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by the Company’s management. The Company believes it helps improve investors’ ability to understand the Company’s operating performance and makes it easier to compare the Company’s results with other companies that have different capital structures or tax rates. In addition, the Company believes this measure is also among the primary measures used externally by the Company’s investors, analysts and peers in its industry for purposes of valuation and comparing the operating performance of the Company to other companies in its industry.Since OIBDAN is not a measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, it should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, operating income as an indicator of operating performance and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. OIBDAN is not necessarily a measure of the Company’s ability to fund its cash needs. As it excludes certain financial information compared with operating income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, users of this financial information should consider the types of events and transactions which are excluded.The other non-GAAP financial measures presented in the tables below are: (i) revenues, direct operating and SG&A expenses and OIBDAN, each excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates; (ii) revenues, direct operating and SG&A expenses and OIBDAN, each excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and the results from outdoor markets and businesses sold; (iii) revenues excluding political advertising revenues and (iv) corporate expenses, excluding non-cash compensation expenses and effects of foreign exchange rates.The Company presents revenues, direct operating and SG&A expenses and OIBDAN, each excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates, because management believes that viewing certain financial results without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates facilitates period to period comparisons of business performance and provides useful information to investors. A significant portion of the Company’s advertising operations are conducted in foreign markets, principally Europe, the U.K. and China, and management reviews the results from its foreign operations on a constant dollar basis. Revenues, direct operating and SG&A expenses and OIBDAN, each excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates, are calculated by converting the current period’s amounts in local currency to U.S. dollars using average foreign exchange rates for the prior period.In the first quarter of 2016, the Company sold nine non-strategic Americas outdoor markets, in the second quarter of 2016, the Company sold its business in Turkey and in the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company sold its business in Australia. In the first quarter of 2017, the Company sold its Indianapolis market. The Company presents revenues, direct operating and SG&A expenses and OIBDAN, each excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and the results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, for the consolidated Company and the Americas and International outdoor segments, in order to facilitate investors’ understanding of operational trends without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates and without the results from the outdoor markets and businesses that were sold, as these results will not be included in the Company’s results in current and future periods.The Company presents revenues excluding the effects of political revenue. Due to the cyclical nature of the electoral system and the seasonality of the related political revenues, management believes presenting revenue excluding the effects of political revenue provides additional information to investors about the Company’s revenue growth from period to period.Corporate expenses excluding the effects of non-cash compensation expenses and the effects of foreign exchange rates is presented as OIBDAN excludes non-cash compensation expenses.Since these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, they should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures as an indicator of operating performance.As required by the SEC rules, the Company provides reconciliations below to the most directly comparable amounts reported under GAAP, including (i) OIBDAN excluding effects of foreign exchange and OIBDAN for each segment to consolidated and segment operating income (loss); (ii) revenues excluding effects of foreign exchange rates to revenues (iii); direct operating and SG&A expenses excluding effects of foreign exchange to direct operating and SG&A expenses; (iv) revenues excluding political advertising revenues to revenues; (v) corporate expenses excluding non-cash compensation expenses and effects of foreign exchange to corporate expenses; (vi) consolidated and outdoor revenues, excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to consolidated and outdoor revenues; (vii) consolidated and outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to consolidated and outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses; and (vii) consolidated and outdoor OIBDAN, excluding the effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets sold, to consolidated and outdoor operating income.           Reconciliation of OIBDAN, excluding effects of foreign exchange and OIBDAN for each segment, to Consolidated andSegment Operating Income (Loss)                                                                  (In thousands)            OIBDAN,   excluding   effects of   foreign   exchange         Effects of   foreign   exchange         OIBDAN   (subtotal)         Non-cash   compensation   expenses         Depreciation   and   amortization         Impairment   charges         Other   operating   (income)   expense, net         Operating   income (loss)        Three Months Ended March 31, 2017       iHM       $   205,691       $   —       $   205,691       $   —       $   58,037       $   —       $   —       $   147,654         Americas Outdoor       82,890       (29   )     82,861       —       45,295       —       —       37,566         International Outdoor       19,241       (1,081   )     18,160       —       30,673       —       —       (12,513   )       Other       1,630       —       1,630       —       3,369       —       —       (1,739   )       Corporate       (76,389   )     1,086       (75,303   )     3,059       8,732       —       —       (87,094   )       Other operating income, net       —       —       —       —       —       —       (31,084   )     31,084         Eliminations       (901   )     —         (901   )     —         —         —         —         (901   )       Consolidated       $   232,162         $   (24   )     $   232,138         $   3,059         $   146,106         $   —         $   (31,084   )     $   114,057           Three Months Ended March 31, 2016       iHM       $   242,811       $   —       $   242,811       $   —       $   58,817       $   —       $   —       $   183,994         Americas Outdoor       89,187       —       89,187       —       46,116       —       —       43,071         International Outdoor       31,039       —       31,039       —       37,880       —       —       (6,841   )       Other       6,529       —       6,529       —       3,616       —       —       2,913         Corporate       (74,785   )     —       (74,785   )     3,074       9,027       —       —       (86,886   )       Other operating expense, net       —         —         —         —         —         —         (284,463   )     284,463           Consolidated       $   294,781         $   —         $   294,781         $   3,074         $   155,456         $   —         $   (284,463   )     $   420,714                 Reconciliation of Revenues, excluding effects of foreign exchange rates, to Revenues                              (In thousands)         Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %  Change              2017       2016       Consolidated revenue         $   1,329,322       $   1,361,798       (2.4   )%     Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease         12,820         —             Consolidated revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange         $   1,342,142         $   1,361,798         (1.4   )%                           Americas Outdoor revenue         $   279,420       $   282,528       (1.1   )%     Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease         (1,368   )     —             Americas Outdoor revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange         $   278,052         $   282,528         (1.6   )%                           International Outdoor revenue         $   265,306       $   306,486       (13.4   )%     Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease         14,188         —             International Outdoor revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange         $   279,494         $   306,486         (8.8   )%             Reconciliation of Direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange rates, to Direct operating and SG&A expenses                              (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change             2017       2016         Consolidated direct operating and SG&A expenses       $   1,021,881       $   992,232       3.0   %       Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       11,710         —               Consolidated direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange       $   1,033,591         $   992,232         4.2   %       Americas Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses       $   196,559       $   193,341       1.7   %       Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       (1,397   )     —               Americas Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange       $   195,162         $   193,341         0.9   %       International Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses       $   247,146       $   275,447       (10.3   )%       Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       13,107         —               International Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange       $   260,253         $   275,447         (5.5   )%                   Reconciliation of Revenues, excluding Political Advertising Revenues, to Revenues                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change           2017       2016       Consolidated revenue       $   1,329,322       $   1,361,798       (2.4   )%     Excluding: Political revenue       (3,822   )     (15,826   )         Consolidated revenue, excluding effects of political revenue       $   1,325,500         $   1,345,972         (1.5   )%                         iHM revenue       $   757,173       $   738,886       2.5   %     Excluding: Political revenue       (2,609   )     (11,665   )         iHM revenue excluding, effects of political revenue       $   754,564         $   727,221         3.8   %                         Americas Outdoor revenue       $   279,420       $   282,528       (1.1   )%     Excluding: Political revenue       (716   )     (400   )         Americas Outdoor revenue, excluding effects of political revenue       $   278,704         $   282,128         (1.2   )%                         Other revenue       $   29,271       $   34,183       (14.4   )%     Excluding: Political revenue       (497   )     (3,761   )         Other revenue, excluding effects of political revenue       $   28,774         $   30,422         (5.4   )%           Reconciliation of Corporate Expenses, excluding Non-cash compensation expenses and effects of foreign exchange Rates, to Corporate Expenses                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %  Change            2017       2016       Corporate Expense       $   78,362       $   77,859       0.6   %     Excluding: Non-cash compensation expense       (3,059   )     (3,074   )         Corporate Expense, excluding non-cash compensation expense       $   75,303       $   74,785       0.7   %     Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       1,086         —             Corporate Expense, excluding non-cash compensation expense and movements in foreign exchange       $   76,389         $   74,785         2.1   %           Reconciliation of Consolidated and Outdoor Revenues, excluding effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to Consolidated and Outdoor Revenues                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change           2017       2016       Consolidated revenue       $   1,329,322       $   1,361,798       (2.4   )%     Excluding: Revenue from outdoor markets and businesses sold       (1,449   )     (41,954   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       12,820         —             Consolidated revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from outdoor markets and businesses sold       $   1,340,693         $   1,319,844         1.6   %     Americas Outdoor revenue       $   279,420       $   282,528       (1.1   )%     Excluding: Revenue from non-strategic markets sold       (1,449   )     (6,613   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       (1,368   )     —             Americas Outdoor revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from non-strategic markets sold       $   276,603         $   275,915         0.2   %     International Outdoor revenue       $   265,306       $   306,486       (13.4   )%     Excluding: Revenue from businesses sold       —       (35,341   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       14,188         —             International Outdoor revenue, excluding effects of foreign exchange and revenue from businesses sold       $   279,494         $   271,145         3.1   %           Reconciliation of Consolidated and Outdoor Direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to Consolidated and Outdoor Direct operating and SG&A expenses                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change           2017       2016       Consolidated direct operating and SG&A expenses       $   1,021,881       $   992,232       3.0   %     Excluding: Operating expenses from outdoor markets and businesses sold       (966   )     (33,210   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       11,710         —             Consolidated direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange and operating expenses from outdoor markets and businesses sold       $   1,032,625         $   959,022         7.7   %     Americas Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses       $   196,559       $   193,341       1.7   %     Excluding: Operating expenses from non-strategic markets sold       (966   )     (4,069   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       (1,397   )     —             Americas Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange and operating expenses from non-strategic markets sold       $   194,196         $   189,272         2.6   %     International Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses       $   247,146       $   275,447       (10.3   )%     Excluding: Operating expenses from businesses sold       —       (29,141   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       13,107         —             International Outdoor direct operating and SG&A expenses, excluding effects of foreign exchange and operating expenses from businesses sold       $   260,253         $   246,306         5.7   %           Reconciliation of Consolidated and Outdoor OIBDAN, excluding effects of foreign exchange rates and results from outdoor markets and businesses sold, to Consolidated and Outdoor Operating income                          (In thousands)       Three Months EndedMarch 31,     %Change           2017       2016       Consolidated operating income       $   114,057       $   420,714       (72.9   )%     Excluding: Revenue, direct operating and SG&A expenses from outdoor markets and businesses sold       (483   )     (8,744   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       24       —           Excluding: Non-cash compensation expenses       3,059       3,074           Excluding: Depreciation and amortization       146,106       155,456           Excluding: Other operating (income) expense, net       (31,084   )     (284,463   )         Consolidated OIBDAN, excluding effects of foreign exchange and OIBDAN from outdoor markets and businesses sold       $   231,679         $   286,037         (19.0   )%     Americas Outdoor operating income       $   37,566       $   43,071       (12.8   )%     Excluding: Revenue, direct operating and SG&A expenses from non-strategic markets sold       (483   )     (2,544   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       29       —           Excluding: Depreciation and amortization       45,295         46,116             Americas Outdoor OIBDAN, excluding effects of foreign exchange and OIBDAN from non-strategic markets sold       $   82,407         $   86,643         (4.9   )%     International Outdoor operating income       $   (12,513   )     $   (6,841   )     82.9   %     Excluding: Revenue, direct operating and SG&A expenses of businesses sold       —       (6,200   )         Excluding: Foreign exchange decrease       1,081       —           Excluding: Depreciation and amortization       30,673         37,880             International Outdoor OIBDAN, excluding effects of foreign exchange and OIBDAN from businesses sold       $   19,241         $   24,839         (22.5   )%                                About iHeartMedia, Inc.iHeartMedia, Inc. (IHRT) is one of the leading global multi-platform media and entertainment companies specializing in radio, digital, out-of-home, mobile, live events, and on-demand entertainment and information services for local communities and providing premier opportunities for advertisers. Its iHeartMedia division has the largest reach of any radio or television outlet in America, serving over 160 local markets through 856 owned radio stations in addition to its iHeartRadio digital platform. Its publicly traded Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. division (CCO) is one of the world’s largest out-of-home advertising companies, with over 590,000 displays in 35 countries across five continents, including 43 of the 50 largest markets in the United States. More information is available at www.iheartmedia.com.Certain statements in this press release constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of iHeartMedia, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, iHeartCommunications, Inc. and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The words or phrases “guidance,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimates,” “forecast” and similar words or expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, such as statements about our business plans, strategies and initiatives and our expectations about certain markets, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Various risks that could cause future results to differ from those expressed by the forward-looking statements included in this press release include, but are not limited to: the impact of the Company’s substantial indebtedness, including the effect of the Company’s leverage on its financial position and earnings; the Company’s ability to generate sufficient cash from operations and liquidity-generating transactions to make payments on its indebtedness; the Company's ability to continue as a going concern; weak or uncertain global economic conditions; changes in general economic and political conditions in the United States and in other countries in which the Company currently does business; industry conditions, including competition; the level of expenditures on advertising; legislative or regulatory requirements; fluctuations in operating costs; technological changes and innovations; changes in labor conditions; capital expenditure requirements; risks of doing business in foreign countries; fluctuations in exchange rates and currency values; the outcome of pending and future litigation; taxes and tax disputes; changes in interest rates; shifts in population and other demographics; access to capital markets and borrowed indebtedness; the Company’s ability to implement its business strategies; risks relating to the successful integration of the operations of acquired businesses; and risks that the anticipated cost savings from the Company's strategic revenue and efficiency initiatives may not persist. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on the Company’s future results, performance or achievements. In light of these risks, uncertainties, assumptions and factors, the forward-looking events discussed in this press release may not occur. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date stated, or if no date is stated, as of the date of this press release. Other key risks are described in the Company’s reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the section entitled “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of iHeartMedia, Inc.’s, Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.’s, iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC’s and iHeartCommunications, Inc.’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Except as otherwise stated in this press release, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events or otherwise.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170504005383/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAmazon misses Wall Street expectations by a mileBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredAmazon On Track to Sell $16 Billion in Cloud Services This YearFortuneDrugs giant AstraZeneca plummets in value by £7bn after key lung cancer treatment flops testsThe TelegraphAmazon (AMZN) Dips on Massive Q2 Earnings Miss, Revenues Climb 25%ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon shares sink as profits fall 77pcThe TelegraphAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderMainstream Model 3 holds promise _ and peril _ for TeslaAssociated PressDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderRepublicans' bid to repeal Obamacare ends with a surpriseOH-ME/OH-MY: Term limits for Congress needed.Join the Conversation1 / 539








iHeartMedia Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / iHeartMedia Inc.


iHeartMedia Inc.

200 East Basse Road 
San Antonio TX 78209 United States
Phone: +1 210-___-____
Fax: +1 210-___-____
http://iheartmedia.com





134
Managers




300
IT employees




$199.3MEST.
IT Budget




iHeartMedia, Inc (formerly Clear Channel Communications)  is a media conglomerate that operates in radio and television broadcasting, domestic outdoor billboard advertising, and international outdoor advertising. The company also owns minor media operations, such as music concert promotion. The company offers its… MoreiHeartMedia, Inc (formerly Clear Channel Communications)  is a media conglomerate that operates in radio and television broadcasting, domestic outdoor billboard advertising, and international outdoor advertising. The company also owns minor media operations, such as music concert promotion. The company offers its services through AM/FM stations, HD radio stations, satellite radio, iHeartRadio mobile application on iPads and smart phones, and via navigation systems, as well as the Internet at iHeartRadio.com and radio stations’ Websites.

The company is owned by Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.
iHeartMedia, Inc (formerly Clear Channel Communications) is a media conglomerate that operates in radio and television broadcasting, domestic outdoor billboard advertising, and international outdoor advertising. The company also owns minor media operations, such as music concert promotion. The company offers its… MoreiHeartMedia, Inc (formerly Clear Channel Communications) is a media conglomerate that operates in radio and television broadcasting, domestic outdoor billboard advertising, and international outdoor advertising. The company also owns minor media operations, such as music concert promotion. The company offers its services through AM/FM stations, HD radio stations, satellite radio, iHeartRadio mobile application on iPads and smart phones, and via navigation systems, as well as the Internet at iHeartRadio.com and radio stations’ Websites.

iHeartMedia is owned by Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.

iHeartMedia's IT department is primarily responsible for managing the technical support requirements for the company's media operations. The department is primarily located in San Antonio, TX, but a number of IT staff are based across the US, including facilities in Phoenix, Omaha, and Denver.

The CTO leads the company's technical and IT requirements for its radio, broadcast and billboard operations. This group has oversight of the radio system operations, including the Web-based and wireless broadcast systems.

The systems group comprised of several smaller units who manage the company's internal systems for different departments, including the financial systems and support systems. A separate group administrates the quality of recorded data and application quality assurance.

The infrastructure group handles the network infrastructure and storage systems requirements. A team of system engineers oversees the data center hosting management, and operations of its networks and telecommunication systems.

The company has virtualized roughly 80 percent of its Dell application servers using VMware. Additionally, a large percentage of the company's operating systems are Microsoft-based.





Sector (Industry)
Services (Media)


Employees
18700


Revenue
$6.2B


FYE
12/30




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-07-28
Staffing
Topic: Marketing, Staffing
Company: iHeartMedia Inc., San Antonio, TX
Opportunity: Seeking a Marketing Consultant (PA, Allentown, 18101).




2017-07-28
Staffing
Topic: Sales, Staffing
Company: iHeartMedia Inc., San Antonio, TX
Opportunity: Seeking an Outside Account Executive (NC, Greenville, 27833).




2017-07-27
Staffing
Topic: Sales, Staffing
Company: iHeartMedia Inc., San Antonio, TX
Opportunity: Seeking an Account Executive (WI, Milwaukee, 53201).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
AlteryxApache HBaseClouderaHadoopHadoop HDFSHadoop MapReduceHortonworksHP Vertica Analytic DatabaseMapRMongoDB

Business Intelligence
IBM CognosIBM Cognos BIIBM Cognos TM1IBM SPSSInformaticaInformatica CloudMicrosoft BIDSMicrosoft Power BIMicrosoft ProClarityMicrosoft SSAS

Data Modeling/Mining
CA ERwinDBSchemaMicrosoft SSISNetezzaOLAP ServerOmniture Data Warehouse
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
node.jsOpenStackOpscode ChefPuppet

Desktop Virtualization
Microsoft Remote DesktopVNCWorkstation

Email Hosting
SMTP Server (inhouse)tenet
Data Storage

Data Backup
EMC AvamarSymantec Backup Exec

Disaster Recovery

Enterprise Storage
EMC Data DomainHitachiHP Disk Array Storage SystemsNetAppNetApp Storage SystemsOracle Recovery Manager
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Avaya AuraInfor CRMSalesForceSaleslogixZendesk

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Enterprise Resource PlanningInfor LawsonMicrosoft DynamicsMicrosoft Dynamics AXMicrosoft Dynamics GP (Great Plains)NetSuiteNetSuite ERPOracle FusionSage ERPSAP R/3

Enterprise Systems Support
SAP Applications
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software

Clinical

Financial Trading
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Digital Media Operations

Online Advertising
Taboola

Search Engine Optimization
a2xGoogle AdSenseOutbrain
Analytics

Business Intelligence
Adobe FrameMakerIBM SPSSInformatica CloudMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)PythonQlikTechSAP Crystal ReportsTableau

Customer Intelligence

Market Analytics
Alteryx
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
BasecampIBM WebSphereTrelloWrike

User Experience

Website Design
Adobe AcrobatAdobe AuditionAdobe Creative SuiteAdobe IllustratorAdobe InDesignAdobe PhotoshopAdobe PremiereAdobe ShockwaveApple QuickTimeBugzilla
eCommerce

Mobile Commerce

Online Retailing
3dCartiAPPSPayPalVMWare
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management
Selectica

Marketing Project Management

Marketing Strategy
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Martin Lawson
Manager, Information Technology
___@iheartmedia.com
+1 585-___-____






Jeff Darsey
IT Support Specialist
___@iheartmedia.com
+1 415-___-____







Pravan KumarV
Senior Business Intelligence Analyst and TM1 Planning Analytics - Cognos
___@iheartmedia.com
+1 210-___-____









Scott Statham
Manager, Network
___@iheartmedia.com
+1 813-___-____







Kim Fairley
Director, Recruitment
___@iheartmedia.com
+1 602-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



