

10-Q: IHEARTMEDIA CAPITAL I, LLC - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









5:00 A.M. ET


                                  Bernie Sanders and Larry David are related — and so are these other surprising celebs
                                





 
5:00 A.M. ET


                                  6 insanely cool college classes that will have you longing to hit the books
                                





 
12:33 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
                                





 
12:20 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7/28


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7/28


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
7/28


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: IHEARTMEDIA CAPITAL I, LLC
    








    By

Published: Oct 28, 2014 7:57 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  Format of Presentation On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc., the parent company of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC (formerly known as Clear Channel Capital I, LLC), issued a press release that announced a change of its name to "iHeartMedia, Inc." and a change to the names of certain of its affiliates, including as follows: Old Name: New Name: Clear Channel Capital I, LLC iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC Clear Channel Capital II, LLC iHeartMedia Capital II, LLC Clear Channel Communications, Inc. iHeartCommunications, Inc. Clear Channel Management Services, Inc. iHeartMedia Management Services, Inc. Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. iHeartMedia + Entertainment, Inc. Clear Channel Identity, Inc. iHM Identity, Inc. Clear Channel Satellite Services Inc. iHeartMedia Satellite Services, Inc.  Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc., an indirect subsidiary of the Company, retains its existing name.  Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations ("MD&A") should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes. Our discussion is presented on both a consolidated and segment basis. All references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to "we," "us" and "our" refer to iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our reportable segments are iHeartMedia ("iHM"), Americas outdoor advertising ("Americas outdoor" or "Americas outdoor advertising") and International outdoor advertising ("International outdoor" or "International outdoor advertising"). Our iHM segment provides media and entertainment services via broadcast and digital delivery and also includes our national syndication business. Our Americas outdoor and International outdoor segments provide outdoor advertising services in their respective geographic regions using various digital and traditional display types. Included in the "Other" category are our media representation business, Katz Media Group, as well as other general support services and initiatives, which are ancillary to our other businesses. Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2014 presentation.  We manage our operating segments primarily focusing on their operating income, while Corporate expenses, Other operating income (expense), net, Interest expense, Gain on marketable securities, Equity in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates, Other income (expense), net and Income tax benefit are managed on a total company basis and are, therefore, included only in our discussion of consolidated results.  Our iHM business utilizes several key measurements to analyze performance, including average minute rates and minutes sold. Our iHM revenue is derived primarily from selling advertising time, or spots, on our radio stations, with advertising contracts typically less than one year in duration. The programming formats of our radio stations are designed to reach audiences with targeted demographic characteristics that appeal to our advertisers. We also provide streaming content via the Internet, mobile and other digital platforms which reach national, regional and local audiences and derive revenues primarily from selling advertising time with advertising contracts similar to those used by our radio stations.  Management typically monitors our Americas outdoor and International outdoor advertising businesses by reviewing the average rates, average revenue per display, occupancy and inventory levels of each of our display types by market. Our outdoor advertising revenue is derived from selling advertising space on the displays we own or operate in key markets worldwide, consisting primarily of billboards, street furniture and transit displays. Part of our long-term strategy for our Americas outdoor and International outdoor advertising businesses is to pursue the technology of digital displays, including flat screens, LCDs and LEDs, as additions to traditional methods of displaying our clients' advertisements. We are currently installing these technologies in certain markets.  Our advertising revenue for all of our segments is highly correlated to changes in gross domestic product ("GDP") as advertising spending has historically trended in line with GDP, both domestically and internationally.  Executive Summary  The key developments in our business for the three months ended September 30, 2014 are summarized below:  * Consolidated revenue increased $42.5 million including an increase of $0.6 million from movements in foreign exchange during the three months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the same period of 2013. Excluding foreign exchange impacts, consolidated revenue increased $41.9 million over the comparable three-month period of 2013.  * iHM revenue increased $6.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the same period of 2013 primarily driven by core national broadcast radio, political advertising, and traffic and weather services. These increases were partially offset by lower core local broadcast radio revenues.  * Americas outdoor revenue decreased $1.8 million including a decrease of $0.5 million from movements in foreign exchange during the three months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the same period of 2013. Excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenue decreased $1.3 million over the comparable three-month period of 2013 primarily driven by lower spending by national accounts.  * International outdoor revenue increased $21.6 million including an increase of $1.1 million from movements in foreign exchange during the three months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the same period of 2013. Excluding foreign exchange impacts, revenue increased $20.5 million over the comparable three-month period of 2013 primarily driven by growth in both western Europe and emerging markets.  * Revenues in our Other category increased $16.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2014 compared to the same period of 2013 primarily as a result of a contract termination fee of $12 million earned by our media representation business and higher political revenues.  * During the third quarter of 2014, we spent $17.8 million on strategic revenue and efficiency initiatives to realign and improve our on-going business operations-an increase of $0.3 million compared to the third quarter of 2013.  * In August 2014, we retired $222.2 million of our long-term debt through the issuance of 14.0% Senior Notes due 2021 to a subsidiary and the redemption of all of the outstanding $94.3 million of Senior Cash Pay Notes due 2016 and $127.9 million of Senior Toggle Notes due 2016.  * In September 2014, we issued and sold $1,000 million in 9.0% Priority Guarantee Notes due 2022 and used the net proceeds to prepay at par $974.9 million of the loans outstanding under our Term Loan B facility and $16.1 million of the loans outstanding under our Term Loan C-asset sale facility.  Oct 28, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range


The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart


Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s





Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range





Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400





How Snap makes money




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






























 













 




iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:04 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC operates as a media and entertainment company. It operates through three segments: iHeartMedia (iHM), Americas Outdoor Advertising, and International Outdoor Advertising. The iHM segment offers radio broadcasting, program syndication, entertainment, traffic and weather data distribution, and music research services, as well as digital, out-of-home, mobile, live events, and on-demand information services for national audiences and local communities. As of December 31, 2016, it owned 855 radio stations, which included 240 AM and 615 FM stations servicing approximately 160 markets in the United States. This segment also operates Premiere Networks, a radio network that...
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC operates as a media and entertainment company. It operates through three segments: iHeartMedia (iHM), Americas Outdoor Advertising, and International Outdoor Advertising. The iHM segment offers radio broadcasting, program syndication, entertainment, traffic and weather data distribution, and music research services, as well as digital, out-of-home, mobile, live events, and on-demand information services for national audiences and local communities. As of December 31, 2016, it owned 855 radio stations, which included 240 AM and 615 FM stations servicing approximately 160 markets in the United States. This segment also operates Premiere Networks, a radio network that produces, distributes, or represents approximately 100 syndicated radio programs and serves approximately 5,900 radio station affiliates; delivers traffic and weather information through navigation systems, radio, and television broadcast media, as well as wireless and Internet-based services through its traffic business; and curates, promotes, produces, and televises iHeartRadio-branded live music events for its listeners and advertising partners. The Americas Outdoor Advertising segment offers outdoor advertising services in the United States, Canada, and Latin America. It owns and operates printed and digital billboards, street furniture and transit displays, airport displays, wallscapes, and other spectaculars. This segment owned or operated approximately 99,000 display structures. The International Outdoor Advertising segment provides outdoor advertising services in Europe and Asia. It owned or operated approximately 490,000 displays, which included street furniture and transit displays, billboards, mall displays, SmartBike programs, and other spectaculars. iHeartCommunications, Inc. also sells spot advertising time for radio and television industries. The company is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC is a subsidiary of iHeartMedia, Inc.
Detailed Description


200 East Basse RoadSuite 100San Antonio, TX 78209United States18,700 Employees



Phone: 210-822-2828








Key Executives for iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC




Mr. Robert W. Pittman


      	Chairman, CEO, CEO & Director of Clear Channel Communications Inc
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Richard J. Bressler


      	President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Manager
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Christopher William Eccleshare


      	Chairman of Clear Channel International and Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel International
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Scott R. Wells


      	Chief Executive Officer of Clear Channel Outdoor Americas
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Scott D. Hamilton


      	Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 47
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC Key Developments

iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC Announces Resignation of Irving L. Azoff from the Board of Managers
May 5 17
Irving L. Azoff resigned from the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC effective May 3, 2017.


iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC Announces Board Changes
Jul 22 16
On July 20, 2016, Ian K. Loring resigned as a member of the Board of Managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC. Pursuant to the company's Limited Liability Agreement, on July 20, 2016 the company's sole member appointed Jonathan Belitsos as a member of the company's Board of Managers to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Loring's resignation. John Belitsos is a Principal at Bain Capital Private Equity, LP (Bain Capital).


iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC Announces Board Changes, Effective April 7, 2016
Apr 7 16
On April 7, 2016, Julia B. Donnelly resigned as a member of the Board of Directors of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC. Pursuant to the company’s Limited Liability Company Agreement, on April 7, 2016, the company’s sole member appointed Laura A. Grattan as a member of the company’s Board of Managers to fill the vacancy created by Ms. Donnelly’s resignation. Laura A. Grattan is a Director at Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. From 2003 until she joined THL in 2005, Ms. Grattan worked in the Private Equity Group at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Ms. Grattan is currently a director of inVentiv Health Inc. and West Corporation. Ms. Grattan was also appointed as a member of the board of directors of iHeartMedia Inc., the company’s indirect parent, and a member of the board of directors of iHeartCommunications Inc., the company’s direct, wholly-owned subsidiary, on April 7, 2016.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia Capital I, LLC)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792850858"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 03:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia Capital I, LLC)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792850858"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 03:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia Capital I, LLC)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792850858"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 03:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




5:04 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:00a6 insanely cool college classes that will have you longing to hit the books
5:00aBernie Sanders and Larry David are related — and so are these other surprising celebs
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia Capital I, LLC)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792850858"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 03:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia Capital I, LLC)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792850858"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 03:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









iHeartMedia - Wikipedia





















 






iHeartMedia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from IHeartMedia Capital I, LLC)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.





Formerly called

CC Media Holdings, Inc.
(iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
(iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)



Type

Private (70%)[1]
Public (30%)[1]


Traded as
OTC Pink Current: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Founded
2008 (iHeartMedia, Inc. holding company)
1972 (iHeartCommunications, Inc. subsidiary)


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States



Key people

Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[2]


Products
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Revenue
 US$ 6.242 billion (2015)[3]



Operating income

 US$ 1.149 billion (2015)[3]



Net income

 US$ -757.724 million (2015)[3]


Total assets



 US$ 13.821 billion (2015) [4]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [4]





Total equity
 US$ -10.784 billion (2015)[3]


Owner
Bain Capital
Thomas H. Lee Partners



Number of employees

20,800 (December 2012)[5]


Divisions
iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment,
Clear Channel Radio, et al.)


Subsidiaries
Broader Media, LLC
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com/Pages/Home.aspx


iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications, Inc.), a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. As a result of this buyout, Clear Channel Communications, Inc. began to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of CC Media Holdings, Inc.[6][7] On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings, Inc. was rebranded iHeartMedia, Inc.; and Clear Channel Communications, Inc., became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[8][9]
iHeartMedia, Inc. specializes in radio broadcasting through division iHeartMedia (sans "Inc." suffix; formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, Clear Channel Radio, et al.) and subsidiary iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc.); the company owns more than 850 full-power AM and FM radio stations in the U.S., making it the nation's largest owner of radio stations. Additionally, the company leases two channels on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, and has expanded its online presence through the iHeartRadio platform.[10][11][12] iHeartMedia, Inc. also specializes in outdoor advertising through subsidiary Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
The name "Clear Channel" came from AM broadcasting, referring to a channel (frequency) on which only one station transmits. In the U.S., clear-channel stations have exclusive rights to their frequencies throughout most of the continent at night, when AM signals travel far due to skywave. The company's new name is intended to reflect its growing digital business. Bob Pittman, Chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia, Inc., explained: "We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations."[13]
Since 2008, iHeartMedia, Inc., has struggled to pay down more than $20 billion in debt the company acquired from its leveraged buyout. Various media outlets, including Bloomberg News, Reuters, Radio Ink, and iHeartMedia's hometown newspaper the San Antonio Express-News, claim that either bankruptcy or a major restructuring is likely, and may come as early as 2016.[1][14][15][16] On April 20th, 2017, the company warned investors that it may not survive over the next 10 months.[17][18]



Contents


1 History
2 Clear Channel sale

2.1 Setbacks and cost-cutting


3 Businesses

3.1 Radio
3.2 Outdoor advertising
3.3 Television
3.4 Live events
3.5 Music charts

3.5.1 Music rating


3.6 News and information
3.7 Worldwide
3.8 Vertical Real Estate


4 Corporate governance

4.1 Top executives


5 Programming

5.1 Format Lab and HD2 Formats
5.2 iHeartRadio
5.3 Alternative stations
5.4 Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations
5.5 Smooth jazz
5.6 Dance and EDM
5.7 News talk stations
5.8 Sports talk stations
5.9 Adult standards
5.10 Adult contemporary
5.11 Contemporary hit radio
5.12 Country music
5.13 Oldies and Classic hits
5.14 Rock
5.15 Spanish
5.16 Religious
5.17 Specialties


6 Syndicated programs
7 Criticism

7.1 Market share
7.2 September 11, 2001
7.3 Live music recordings
7.4 Indecency zero tolerance
7.5 Concerts
7.6 Production of local programming
7.7 Lack of local staff during emergency
7.8 Rejection of advertising images
7.9 Censorship
7.10 Use of paid actors posing as callers
7.11 iHeartMedia and rock radio


8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



History[edit]







Former Clear Channel logos



Clear Channel Communications purchased its first FM station in San Antonio in 1972. The company purchased the second "clear channel" AM station WOAI in 1975. In 1976, the company purchased its first stations outside of San Antonio. KXXO AM and KMOD FM in Tulsa were acquired under the name "San Antonio Broadcasting" (same as KEEZ). Stations were also added in Port Arthur, Texas (KPAC-AM-FM from Port Arthur College) and El Paso, Texas (KELP AM (now KQBU AM) from John Walton, Jr.). In 1992, the U.S. Congress relaxed radio ownership rules slightly, allowing the company to acquire more than 2 stations per market. By 1995, Clear Channel owned 43 radio stations and 16 television stations. When the Telecommunications Act of 1996 became law, the act deregulated media ownership, allowing a company to own more stations than previously allowed. Clear Channel went on a subsequent buying spree, purchasing more than 70 other media companies and individual stations.
In a few cases, following purchase of a competitor, Clear Channel was forced to divest some of its stations, as it was above the legal thresholds in some cities. In 2005, the courts ruled that Clear Channel must also divest itself of some "border blaster" radio stations in international border cities, such as the alternative rock radio station XETRA-FM ("91X") in Tijuana, Baja California/San Diego.
In 1997 Clear Channel moved out of pure broadcasting when it purchased billboard firm Eller Media,[19] which was led by Karl Eller.
In 1998 it made its first move outside of the United States when it acquired the leading UK outdoor advertising company More Group plc, which was led by Roger Parry; Clear Channel went on to buy many other outdoor advertising, radio broadcasting, and live events companies around the world, which were then re-branded Clear Channel International. These included a 51% stake in Clear Media Ltd. in China.[20]
In 1999, the company acquired Jacor Communications, a radio corporation based in Cincinnati.[21]
R. Steven Hicks and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst began Capstar Broadcasting in 1996 and a year later had become the largest owner of radio stations in the country, with 243 stations in all. In August 1997, Capstar and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst announced plans to acquire SFX Broadcasting, with the resulting company owning 314 stations in 79 markets and ranking as the third-largest radio group by income.[22] A year later, Chancellor Media Corporation and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation announced a merger that would result in Chancellor Media owning 463 stations in 105 markets when the deal was completed in second quarter 1999. Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst owned 59 percent of Capstar, with 355 stations in 83 markets, and was the largest single owner of Chancellor (which had 108 stations in 22 markets), with 15 percent of the stock.[23] Chancellor Media later became AMFM Inc., which was acquired by Clear Channel in a deal announced October 3, 1999, and valued at $17.4 billion. The resulting company would own 830 radio stations, 19 television stations, and over 425,000 outdoor displays in 32 countries.[24][25][26]
In 2005 Clear Channel Communications split into three separate companies. Clear Channel Communications was a radio broadcaster; Clear Channel Outdoor was out-of-home advertising; and Live Nation was live events.[27] The Mays family remained in effective control of all three, and held key executive roles in each (with Mark Mays as CEO of both radio and outdoor and Randall Mays as Chairman of Live Nation).
On November 16, 2006, Clear Channel announced plans to go private, being bought out by two private-equity firms, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital Partners for $18.7 billion, which was just under a 10 percent premium above its closing price of $35.36 a share on November 16 (the deal values Clear Channel at $37.60 per share).[28][29] The new ownership of Clear Channel also announced that all of its TV stations were for sale, as well as 448 radio stations that were outside of the top 100 markets.[30] All of the TV stations and 161 of the radio stations were sold to a Providence Equity Partners, a private-equity firm, on April 23, 2007, pending FCC approval.[31][32]
On July 24, 2008, Clear Channel held a special shareholder meeting, during which the majority of shareholders accepted a revised $36-per-share offer from Bain Capital and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[33][34] The company announced on July 30 that it would offer shareholders either $36 in cash or one share of CC Media Class A common stock for each share of Clear Channel common stock held.[35]
In early 2010 it was announced that the company was facing bankruptcy due to its "crippling debt."[36]
After 21 years, Mark Mays stepped down as President and CEO of Clear Channel on June 23, 2010.[37] Mays will remain as Chairman of the Board, a position he has held for a year prior. The board engaged Egon Zehnder International, a leading executive search firm, to lead the search for a new CEO.[38] On October 2, 2011, Robert W. "Bob" Pittman was named CEO of Clear Channel.[39][40]
On January 6, 2014, Clear Channel announced a marketing partnership with Robert F.X. Sillerman's SFX Entertainment (whose original incarnation was, coincidentally, sold to Clear Channel and spun off to form Live Nation), which will see the two firms collaborate on electronic dance music content for its digital and terrestrial radio outlets; including a Beatport top 20 countdown show (which will air on some of iHeartMedia's major-market contemporary hit radio stations), a national talent search, and an "original live music series", which will include two concerts in the style of its Jingle Ball events around Halloween 2014. The partnership will expand upon iHeartMedia's existing EDM-oriented outlets (such as Evolution). iHeartMedia staff, including John Sykes, believed that the deal (particularly the Beatport countdown show) would help provide a higher level of national exposure to current and up and coming EDM artists.[41][42][43]
In 2016, one of the company's directors, Julia B. Donnelly, left the board of iHeartCommunications and will be replaced by Laura A. Grattan, a director at Thomas H. Lee. Grattan named to the board of managers of iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC, the direct parent of iHeartCommunications, as well as the board of directors of iHeartMedia, Inc., the indirect parent of iHeartCommunications.[44]
Clear Channel sale[edit]
On Friday, November 17, 2006, Clear Channel announced that it was going private and selling off almost one-third of its radio assets, according to The Washington Post and DHM. The buyers, led by Bain Capital Partners and Thomas H. Lee Partners, agreed to pay $26.7 billion for the company.[28] In a separate transaction also announced on November 16, 2006, Clear Channel said it would seek buyers for all of its television stations and 539 of its smaller radio stations, presumably because the private-equity buyers are not interested in owning television or small-market radio. Over a hundred stations have already been assigned to Aloha Station Trust, LLC upon the consummation of the merger. The television stations were ultimately sold to Newport Television.[45]
On September 25, 2007, the shareholders approved of the buyout, allowing Clear Channel to proceed with being taken private, ending 35 years as a public company.[46]
Setbacks and cost-cutting[edit]
Due to the credit market crunch of 2007, Clear Channel ended up with rejected sales of its radio stations. Clear Channel's attempt to sell off over 100 stations to GoodRadio.TV, LLC was rejected by the equity firm backing the deal.[47] The deal then shifted to Frequency License LLC, but took longer to resolve itself as the two parties were engaged in lawsuits. On top of that, the sale of Clear Channel's television portfolio to Newport Television had also turned uncertain, as parent company Providence Equity Partners considered other options, although this transaction was ultimately completed.[48]
On December 4, 2007, Clear Channel announced that they had extended the termination date of the merger from December 12, 2007, to June 12, 2008.[49] The buyout finally closed in July 2008.[6][33] The company, which has laid off thousands of employees in recent years, announced that it would move to more centralized programming and lay off 1,500 employees, or approximately 7% of its workforce, on January 20, 2009. The reasoning was bleak economic conditions and debt from its transition to a private company.[50] Later on January 20, the company said that the total count of employees to be terminated would be 1,850, or 9%.
Between January and May 2009 Clear Channel eliminated 2,440 positions.[51] On May 20, 2009, Clear Channel announced an initiative to help its radio station listeners who are seeking employment to market their skills and unique features on the air to attract the attention of employers with available positions.[52]
Businesses[edit]
iHeartMedia has purchased interest in, or outright acquired, companies in a number of media or advertising related industries. This is not an exhaustive list.
Radio[edit]




Clear Channel Communications' offices and studios in Denver, Colorado


With 855 stations, iHeartMedia is the largest radio station group owner in the United States, both by number of stations and by revenue. The 855 stations reach more than 110 million listeners every week, and 245 million every month. According to BIA Financial Network, iHeartMedia recorded more than $3.5 billion in revenues as of 2005[update], $1 billion more than the number-two group owner, CBS Radio.[53] In 2012, iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) announced that it will be the first radio group to pay performance royalties to record labels and musicians for the broadcast of their music across the Clear Channel radio airwaves.[54] iHeartMedia has entered into revenue-sharing agreements with Big Machine Label Group,[55] Glassnote Entertainment Group, eOne, Dualtone, DashGo, rpm Entertainment, Robbins Entertainment, Naxos, Wind-up Records, Fearless Records, Zojak World Wide, and band Fleetwood Mac.[56] This ground breaking deal has established a long-awaited bridge between record labels and radio groups. This deal between iHeartMedia, the record labels, and the artists allows iHeartMedia to pay digital performance royalties from a percentage of advertising revenues from streaming and web-casting of music instead of a pay per play model.[57] In exchange, the record labels and artists receive airplay revenue from both digital and broadcast radio platforms.[58] Before the deal only songwriters and producers received performance royalties from radio airplay.
iHeartMedia has purchased stations from or acquired the following radio companies:

The Ackerley Group[59]
AMFM Inc.[60][61]

Chancellor Media[62][63]

Chancellor Broadcasting[64]

American Media Inc.[65]
Colfax Communications[66]
OmniAmerica[67]
Shamrock Broadcasting[68]


Evergreen Media[64]

Broadcasting Partners[69]
Brown Organization[70]
Gannett Radio[71]
Pyramid Communications[72]


Viacom Radio[73]


Capstar (also operating under Gulfstar, Southern Star, Pacific Star, and Atlantic Star)[74][75]

Benchmark Communications[76]
Commodore Media[77]
Osborn Communications[78]
Patterson Broadcasting[79]
SFX Broadcasting[80]

Liberty Broadcasting[81]
Prism Radio Partners[82]


Triathlon Broadcasting[66]




Apex Broadcasting[83]
Clark Broadcasting
Dame Media[84][85]
Eastern Radio Assets[86]
Jacor[87][88]

Citicasters Communications[89][90]
Nationwide Communications, Inc.[91]
Regent Communications[92]
Noble Broadcast Group[93]


Metro Networks[94]
Mondosphere Broadcasting[95]
Metroplex Communications[96]
Paxson Communications[97]
Quad City
Radio Equity Partners[98]
Roberts Radio[99]
Taylor Broadcasting[100]
Trumper Communications[101]
US Radio[102]
XM Satellite Radio (service and programming agreement)

Outdoor advertising[edit]




Billboards at Dundas Square in Toronto, owned by Clear Channel.


Clear Channel Outdoor is an advertising company owned by iHeartMedia.

Bought Eller Media, Universal Outdoor, and More Group Plc, giving iHeartMedia outdoor advertising space in 25 countries.
Owns part of an Italian street furniture company, Jolly Pubblicita S.p.A.
Owns BBH Exhibits, Yellow Checker Star Cab Displays, Dauphin OTA created by Jacques Dauphin, Taxi Tops (sold to VeriFone in January 2010), Donrey Media, and Ackerley Media. Also owns an outdoor advertising company in Switzerland and Poland and a major outdoor advertising firm in Chile.
Has a partnership with APN News & Media in Australia, which has resulted in a 49% share in Adshel, a street furniture advertising company. APN News & Media is the majority shareholder (owning 51% of Adshel).
Operates over 500 digital billboards in 32 markets.

Television[edit]
The first television station iHeartMedia purchased as Clear Channel was WPMI in Mobile, Alabama in 1988. It owned more than 40 additional stations, a few of which are independent (non-network affiliates). In 2007, the company entered into an agreement to sell all its television stations to Providence Equity Partners for $1.2 billion,[31] a deal that eventually closed in March 2008.[45] All former Clear Channel television stations were owned by Newport Television, while the other six were flipped to other buyers by Newport. In 2012, Newport announced its intentions to sell off as many of the former Clear Channel stations as is legally allowed to Cox Media Group, Nexstar Broadcasting Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Live events[edit]
On December 21, 2005, Clear Channel completed the spin-off of Live Nation, formerly known as Clear Channel Entertainment.[103] Live Nation is an independent company (NYSE: LYV) and is no longer owned by iHeartMedia. Live Nation UK was also included in the spin off.
Note that post-spinoff, there is overlap in the board between iHeartMedia and Live Nation, specifically: L. Lowry Mays, Mark P. Mays (Former Vice Chairman of Live Nation), and Randall T. Mays (Former Chairman of Live Nation).[104]
Music charts[edit]
iHeartMedia owns Mediabase, which provide music charts based on songs and tracks receiving the most spins played on radio stations in the United States and Canada. A majority of stations that report to Mediabase are iHeartMedia outlets but other companies also report to the Mediabase charts. In addition, countdown shows produced by Premiere will utilize Mediabase charts for the basis of their programs.
Music rating[edit]
The company owns a bunch of listener-powered song rating survey sites: HitPredictor,[105][106] RateTheMusic[107][108] and research.fm.[109][110]
News and information[edit]

24/7 News Source
Operates iHeartRadio News Network and local news networks in Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia and Florida
Premiere Radio Networks
Fox News Radio
Fox Sports Radio Network
Acquired and later sold the Agri Broadcast Network (ABN), a farm programming provider in Ohio
Publishes Inside Radio magazine
Total Traffic reports on road and traffic conditions across the United States, and in Mexico City, Mexico; these are used by many GPS navigation systems.[111]
Fan Radio Network a sports radio network that serves Minnesota, South Dakota, and North Dakota. Flagship station is KFXN in Minneapolis, MN
Your Smooth Jazz, 24-hour smooth jazz network provided under the company's "Broadcast Architecture" division[112]

Worldwide[edit]




Bicing, community bicycle program in Barcelona, Spain



Owns part of radio groups in New Zealand, Mexico, Norway, and Australia
Owns outdoor advertising companies in Brazil, Chile, Finland, France, Italy, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and Mauritius
Owns L & C Outdoor Comunicacao Visual Ltda., of Brazil
United Kingdom

Large numbers of billboards (through a takeover of Adshel)
See Clear Channel UK


Operates urban bicycle sharing systems in several European cities:

France

Caen – 350 bikes in 40 stations – www.veol.caen.fr (in French)
Dijon – 350 bikes in 33 stations – www.velodi.net (in French)
Perpignan – 150 bikes in 15 stations – bip-perpignan.fr (in French)
Rennes (since 1998) – 200 bikes in 25 stations – veloalacarte.free.fr (in French).


Norway – Oslo: Oslo Bysykkel; Drammen: Drammen Bysykkel; Trondheim: Trondheim Bysykkel – www.adshel.no
Spain

Barcelona: Bicing – 6,000 bikes in 400 stations – www.bicing.com.
Zaragoza: Bizi


Sweden – Stockholm: Stockholm City Bikes – 1,000 bikes in 80 stations – www.stockholmcitybikes.se
Italy – Milan: bikeMi – 1,300 bikes in 103 stations – www.bikemi.com



Vertical Real Estate[edit]
In 2003, Clear Channel created the Vertical Real Estate division and hired Scott Quitadamo to promote its tower portfolio. iHeartMedia owns and operates approximately 1,500 broadcast transmission towers across the U.S., many of which are available for co-location by third parties such as cellular and PCS companies, wireless internet, fixed wireless, and other broadcasters.
Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of iHeartMedia are: David Abrams, Scott Sperling, John Connaughton, Ian Loring, Jonathan Jacobson, Blair Hendrix, Irving Azoff, Matthew Freeman, Julia Donnelly, Christopher Eccleshare, Richard Bressler and Bob Pittman.[113]
Tom Hicks and Vernon Jordan were formerly members of Clear Channel's board of directors.[citation needed] Jordan was a close friend and advisor to President Bill Clinton and was accused of lying to investigators during the investigations into perjury and obstruction of justice charges against Clinton.[citation needed] Hicks, Clear Channel's former vice-chairman, is a past donor to George W. Bush's political campaigns and a close associate of the Bush family.[citation needed] Hicks is the founder of Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst, the private-equity firm that funded many of Clear Channel's antecedent companies, including most significantly CapStar, Chancellor Media and AM-FM, Inc.[citation needed]
Top executives[edit]

Bob Pittman: chairman and chief executive officer;
Richard J. Bressler: president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer.

Source:[114]
Programming[edit]
Main article: List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
See also: Premiere Networks
iHeartMedia operates the country's largest syndication service, Premiere Networks. In addition, iHeartMedia syndicates a number of its homegrown talk and music shows without the aid of Premiere. While Premiere actively sells its shows to stations, the non-Premiere syndicated shows are often used as a cost-cutting measure and do not have a large sales staff. Those shows also do not carry network-wide advertising (unless distributed by a third party), and allow the affiliates to keep all local spots, which increases their appeal. These networks carry many program hosts of various political ideologies and distribute a variety of programs to both iHeartMedia-owned and non-iHeartMedia-owned stations.
In addition to its own syndication network, iHeartMedia offers studio space and other services to the WestStar TalkRadio Network, which is based at iHeartMedia's studios in Phoenix, Arizona. As a result, many WestStar programs are heard on iHeartMedia stations.
Not all programming heard on iHeartMedia's radio stations are produced in house; however, most of iHeartMedia's stations share many similarities to each other in branding and programming.
Format Lab and HD2 Formats[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
The Format Lab is a think tank run by iHeartMedia that produces over eighty channels of programming, varying from mainstream formats to the highly experimental. These channels are heard on most of iHeartMedia's HD Radio subchannels on its stations across the country in a commercial-free format.
Only a few iHeartMedia stations (such as KGB-FM) produce locally originated HD2 channels, usually tape loops of programming heard on their regular channel.
iHeartRadio[edit]
Main article: iHeartRadio
iHeartRadio is an social media site that serves as an outlet for local and regional media personalities, allowing them to share photos and videos.
Alternative stations[edit]
iHeartMedia Alternative Stations usually are branded as "Radio" (such as Radio 104.5 in Philadelphia or Radio 105.7/96.7 in Atlanta), or "ALT" (Alt 98.7 in Los Angeles, Alt 104.9 in St. Louis, and Alt 106.3 in Des Moines). Others include: The Edge, The Buzz, The Project, or X. Their flagship Premium Choice Alternative Station is The Alternative Project broadcasting on WAXQ-FM 104.3 HD-2 in New York City.
Urban, urban AC and rhythmic stations[edit]
Stations that carry programming catering to black Americans are a big part of many iHeartMedia clusters, particularly Philadelphia, Chicago, and Detroit. In many clusters iHeartMedia has two or more such stations. About half the Urban stations focus on Rap and Hip Hop along with younger rhythm and blues sounds. The other half blend some younger rhythm and blues along with some Soul from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s along with some current product. Some of the Hip Hop-based Urban stations report as Rhythmic Top 40 stations rather than Urban stations because these stations also have some appeal to white and Hispanic listeners. In a cluster with multiple urban stations owned by iHeartMedia, one is focused on Rap while the other is focused on Soul. Examples include Philadelphia, with WUSL's focus on hip hop while WDAS-FM focuses on Soul (in addition, the company also owns a rhythmic AC station in that area, which is WISX 106.1), and Chicago, where WGCI-FM focuses on rap while WVAZ is focused on Soul. iHeartMedia urban and urban AC stations are branded as "Real" (KRRL Los Angeles), "Beat" (KQBT/Houston, WBTP Tampa) or "Power" (WWPR New York City, WUSL Philadelphia and WHEN Syracuse). In San Francisco, iHeartMedia owned more urban-related stations such as Rhythmic Top 40 KYLD, urban oldies KISQ, and urban contemporary KMEL in that area (KYLD shifted to Top 40/CHR in 2015, KISQ flipped to AC in 2016), and the same happened in Detroit, where the company also owns urban AC WMXD, urban contemporary WJLB and former rhythmic AC WDTW-FM.
Another growing format, Classic Hip-Hop/Throwback/Old School (consisting of R&B/Hip-Hop, Rap, and Rhythmic songs from the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s), can be heard full-time on iHeartRadio, as well as KMJM/St. Louis and KUBT-HD2 & its translator in Honolulu. Previously, this format was originated as Rhythmic Oldies, which was launched at KCMG/Los Angeles and later spread to more markets before the former Clear Channel flipped several stations out of the format by the mid-2000s.
For the Rhythmic Top 40 format, similar brandings include "The Beat" (KUBT/Honolulu and WBTT/Ft. Myers), Power 102/El Paso, 104.5 Kiss FM/Beaumont, Texas, "Jam'n" (KXJM/Portland Oregon, and WJMN-FM/Boston; a similar "Jammin'" is used at WJJS/Roanoke & WJJX/Lynchburg), Hot 104.5/San Antonio and B95/Fresno. Others Rhythmics, such as KDON-FM/Salinas-Monterey and KGGI/Riverside-San Bernardino, simply use the call letters and/or frequency. Most of these stations target a multicultural audience and play Rhythmic Pop, R&B/Hip-Hop, and Dance tracks.
For rhythmic AC stations, they used to have the "Party" branding (particularly during the time when most used Wake Up With Whoopi as their morning show), but the two "Party" stations in Denver (KPTT) and Las Vegas (KYMT, the former KPLV) have since exited the rhythmic AC format. KPTT and KPLV moved to top 40, but continue to use the "Party" branding. All iHeartMedia rhythmic AC stations are now differently branded per station, although one of the outlets, WMOV-FM/Norfolk, uses the "Movin'" moniker which is trademarked under another company. The Breakfast Club Morning Show out of WWPR-FM in New York and "Big Boy's Neighborhood" out of KRRL in Los Angeles are iHeartMedia's syndicated urban morning shows.
Smooth jazz[edit]
As noted earlier, iHeartMedia has the Smooth Jazz Network (aka Your Smooth Jazz), which is programmed by Broadcast Architecture. Unless otherwise noted, all Smooth Jazz Network stations will carry the following schedule: Kenny G and Sandy Kovach in morning drive time, Miranda Wilson in midday, Allen Kepler in afternoon drive time, and Maria Lopez in evenings, with no disc jockeys overnight. Weekend programming consists of the Smooth Jazz Top 20 with Allen Kepler, as well as the Dave Koz Radio Show. This network is broadcast via HD-2 subchannels of many iHeartMedia-owned stations, such as WMGF in Orlando, although not all stations will carry it, often opting to substitute its own programming, as is done with WDAS (AM) in Philadelphia.
Dance and EDM[edit]
Although they have no full-powered stations programming a Dance or EDM (Electronic Dance Music) format, the only one being WEDX/Boston, iHeartMedia has FM translators and HD2 platforms broadcasting the EDM-intensive Evolution platform, while the LGBT community is served by the more broader-based Pride Radio. However, iHeartMedia's Top 40/CHR and Rhythmic Top 40 outlets incorporate a majority of Dance songs onto its playlist and set aside airtime blocks for mix shows.
News talk stations[edit]
News talk stations owned by iHeartMedia usually have a standard slate of hosts. The morning show is usually local, with other timeslots filled by local and syndicated hosts. Programs that appear on many iHeartMedia talk stations include the Glenn Beck Program (Beck having gotten his talk show start at iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) owned WFLA (AM) in Tampa), The Rush Limbaugh Show, The Sean Hannity Show, America Now with Meghan McCain and Coast to Coast AM with George Noory, all of which are affiliated with Premiere Radio Networks in some fashion. The Mark Levin Show and The Dave Ramsey Show are non-Premiere shows who air on many (if not most) iHeartMedia stations, as did The Savage Nation prior to its ending in September 2012. Limbaugh is almost universally carried on iHeartMedia stations in markets where the company has a news talk station, including recently New York City: WOR was acquired in 2013 by Clear Channel and began carrying Limbaugh's program in 2014 following a long relationship with now-Cumulus Media-owned WABC. In markets where iHeartMedia-owned news talk stations have not been profitable (such as Boston and Atlanta), iHeartMedia has chosen to sell shows such as Limbaugh and Coast to Coast AM to their rivals and change the stations to other formats.
While most of iHeartMedia's news/talk stations carry some combination of Beck, Limbaugh, Hannity and Noory (of Coast to Coast AM), this is not always the case. Many stations (particularly in the larger markets) like KFI, KFYI, KOA, WZZR and WLW broadcast a lineup with significant local programming.
iHeartMedia does not operate any all-news radio stations. For a brief time in the late 2000s, KFXR in Dallas ran a direct feed of HLN under the on-air name CNN 1190, but KFXR dropped that format in 2009. Almost all of iHeartMedia's primary talk stations are affiliated with Fox News Radio for national news, part of a multi-year deal between iHeartMedia and Fox. However, since 2012 iHeartMedia has provided an all-news feed called 24/7 News. This radio network is exclusive to iHeartRadio. Since 2016, 24/7 News partners with NBC News to launch the NBC News Radio.
Liberal talk radio is heard on a few of iHeartMedia's stations, primarily secondary to its main news talk stations, and usually feature at least one local host with Dial Global programming; Air America Radio also aired on these stations. iHeartMedia has shown a tendency to drop liberal talk affiliations due to lack of ratings or advertiser support and replace it with sports talk or other formats (see, for instance, WCKY, WARF, KLSD, WXKS, and WINZ); in one case this had caused a protest when iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) wanted to change WXXM in Madison, Wisconsin to a sports format. WXXM was eventually allowed to keep its liberal format, though they eventually retired it in November 2016 due to a general lack of syndicated programming for that format.
iHeartMedia has been active in the national trend of simulcasting its AM news/talk stations on full-power FM stations, hoping to preserve their long-term viability while AM radio declines. Examples include San Diego, California, on KUSS 95.7 (which became KOGO-FM after simulcasting KOGO (AM), replacing country music), Sacramento, California on KGBY 92.5 (which became KFBK-FM after simulcasting KFBK, replacing hot adult contemporary), in Tucson, Arizona, on KTZR-FM (which became KNST-FM after simulcasting KNST, replacing Spanish top 40), in Schenectady, New York (WGY-FM/103.1, simulcasting WGY/810, replacing rock WHRL) and Syracuse, New York (WSYR-FM/106.9 simulcasting WSYR/570, displacing urban AC "Power" to WHEN/620). After failing to see any significant ratings gains from these moves, Clear Channel showed signs of abandoning this strategy when it changed KNST-FM to country music in February 2013 as KYWD.
Sports talk stations[edit]
In the twentieth century, the most recognizable form of sports talk radio was major league baseball. Before becoming a major media force, sports talk radio in the United States enjoyed a long growth period. In the 1920s, Americans found love and passion in boxing, which lead boxing to become the very first sporting event that was broadcast on sports talk radio to a wide-open audience. Sports talk Stations are changing and evolving, as are the interests of new generations of listeners.[115] Most sports talk stations owned by iHeartMedia are affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. They are usually branded either Fox Sports or The Sports Animal. Other sports talk stations are affiliated with rival ESPN Radio (in this case, WUCS in Hartford, Connecticut, which is nearby ESPN's headquarters in Bristol).
Adult standards[edit]
Most of iHeartMedia's adult standards stations are turnkey operations, running a direct feed of a satellite format such as Dial Global's America's Best Music or Music of Your Life. Most of these stations have no local jocks or Web sites. The network has few remaining stations in that category and has sold off many of them.
Adult contemporary[edit]
iHeartMedia's adult contemporary stations are often branded as "Lite FM" (i.e. WLIT in Chicago, WLTW in New York, or WLKO in Charlotte) or "Sunny", although some stations use "Magic", "B" or something else similar as their identifiers. Evenings are usually filled with Delilah, unless that show is already aired by another station, in which case the John Tesh Radio Show is often substituted. Automated programming is the next option for the 7PM- 12 AM timeslot. Your Weekend with Jim Brickman and the in-house American Top 40 the 1970s (or 1980s) with Casey Kasem are popular weekend syndicated programs on iHeartMedia stations. Most AC stations air Christmas music from the last week of November to Christmas Day. Some AC iHeartMedia stations are almost famous for playing Christmas music as early as November 1 such as KAAZ-FM in Salt Lake City or WLKO playing its first Christmas song of the season 2–3 weeks before Thanksgiving. 2/3 of iHeartMedia stations that play Adult contemporary air Christmas formats.
Hot adult contemporary stations are usually branded as "Mix", "Star" or "MYfm" (i.e. KBIG in Los Angeles). Some Hot AC stations lean modern rock while others lean toward adult rock. Other Hot AC stations have other brandings such as "Wild 105.7 and 96.7" on WRDA in Atlanta.
Contemporary hit radio[edit]
iHeartMedia's CHR stations share a number of common brands, including "KISS-FM" (e.g., KIIS Los Angeles, WKSC-FM Chicago, WAKS Cleveland, WFKS Melbourne, WXKS-FM Boston), "Z" (e.g., WHTZ New York, KKRZ Portland Oregon WZFT Baltimore, KSLZ St. Louis), "Wild" (e.g., WLDI West Palm Beach, KYLD San Francisco), "Power" (WWPW Atlanta, KPWK Seattle, WGEX Albany, Georgia), Channel (e.g., WKQI Detroit, WHQC Charlotte, KHTS-FM San Diego), or "Hot" (e.g., WIHT in Washington, D.C., WWHT in Syracuse, NY). Other brands, less commonly used, includes "Radio Now" (WRNW Milwaukee, WNRW Louisville), "Q" (WIOQ Philadelphia-102.1 FM-Q102, WQGA Waycross-Brunswick, Georgia-103.3 FM-103Q), "B" (WAEB-FM B 104 Allentown-Reading PA 104.1 FM), "FM" (WLAN-FM FM 97 96.9 FM Lancaster-Reading), "V" (WVRT& WVRZ V-97 Williamsport-Lock Haven, Pennsylvania), "Max" (WHCY Max 106.3 Sussex), "K.C." (WKCI-FM KC 101, 101.3 FM, Hamden-New Haven, Connecticut/Long Island, New York) and "X" (WJMX-FM 103X, 103.3 FM Cheraw-Florence, South Carolina/The Pee Dee). Still other branding can be heard, however, when a preferred format name is already in use by another station in the market.
Although a majority of these stations features a broad-based, mass appeal music presentation, several stations like WSNX/Grand Rapids and WKTU/New York City tend to lean towards Rhythmic material due to having a sister station in the same format (WKTU's sister is WHTZ) or a lack of a Rhythmic or R&B/Hip-Hop outlet (a void which WSNX also tries to fill).
Many iHeartMedia CHR stations utilize syndicated morning shows, such as D.C.'s The Kane Show (especially in the middle Atlantic and Uppermidwest states); Elvis Duran and the Morning Show based out of WHTZ, New Jersey/New York's Z100; John, Jay & Rich based out of KZZP Phoenix, Arizona (especially in the Rocky Mountain states), and Kidd Kraddick In The Morning based out of KHKS in Dallas/Fort Worth (primarily in the South Central United States). Some East Coast CHR stations carry On Air with Ryan Seacrest (based out of KIIS in Los Angeles) middays.
On weekends, syndicated programming is commonly carried, primarily: Most Requested Live with Romeo, Club Kane, the iHeartRadio Countdown, American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, Dawson McAllister Live, and Evolution with Pete Tong.
Country music[edit]
Country music stations owned by iHeartMedia have begun transitioning to "The Bull" like KSD (FM) in St. Louis and "Big" like WEBG in Chicago as national brandings as of 2014. They almost universally carry After Midnite, the syndicated overnight program currently hosted by Cody Alan, and often carry Bobby Bones's morning show as well.
Oldies and Classic hits[edit]
iHeartMedia's Oldies stations consists largely of FM stations with some AM stations. iHeartMedia uses brands such as "Big" and "Kool" on many of its stations. Nearly all of the FM stations play oldies spanning from 1964 to 1975, with a 500-song active playlist split nearly half 1960s and half 1970s. The playlist also includes approximately a dozen pre 1964 tracks and around 50 songs from the late 1970s and early 1980s. These stations generally have a few local live announcers; much of the time these stations are voicetracked either locally or from another market. Most run syndicated programming on weekends, such as Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights, Steve Goddard's programs (Goddard's Gold and/or The 70s), and recently, Casey Kasem's American Top 40: The 70s. A handful of iHeartMedia's outlets have picked up syndicated weeknight fare, such as Mike Harvey, Marty Thompson or Tom Kent.
The AM oldies stations' playlists skew somewhat older and span from 1955 to about 1975. About 60 percent of the time they play 1964 to 1969 oldies, 20 percent pre 1964 oldies, and 20 percent music from the 1970s. Some of these also run Dick Bartley or Mike Harvey on Saturday nights. Some of the AM stations also run adult standards several hours on the weekend as well as limited specialized programming focusing on the pre 1964 era. Most of the AM stations are in smaller markets.
Rock[edit]
iHeartMedia stations programming a rock format tend to play a blend of new rock and harder classic rock. Some carry Nights with Alice Cooper in the evenings while some others air Sixx Sense with Nikki Sixx. These stations tend to be live during the day and voicetracked at night. Some stations run Rockline with Bob Coburn and/or Little Steven's Underground Garage as well.
While iHeartMedia classic rock stations operate under a wide variety of monikers, many are branded as "The Fox" or "The Brew". Often, these stations will carry Bob and Tom in morning drive. In the Southern United States, John Boy and Billy is carried instead in most cases. (Both of the aforementioned shows are syndicated by Premiere.) Other shows include the Walton and Johnson Show out of Houston and the Morning Glory out of Cleveland. Starting with WQBW Milwaukee (which has since switched to another format) and WBWR Columbus, several iHeartMedia stations have adopted an 1980s-centered classic rock approach called "The Brew."
Spanish[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has an FM station carrying Hispanic programming full-time. In some markets the format is a Contemporary Tropical format while in others the format carried is more of a Mexican format. In a few markets an iHeartMedia FM station carries a rap based Spanish format known as Hurban, which blends Spanish dance music with rhythm and blues hits as well as some Hip Hop. The division is run by Spanish radio executive Alfredo Alonso, who joined iHeartMedia in September 2004 (when it still was called Clear Channel) as Senior Vice President of Hispanic Radio.[116]
Religious[edit]
In a few markets, iHeartMedia has a religious station on the AM band. Some of these sell blocks of time to outside organizations and have no local shows at all except where local churches buy time. These are formatted similarly to Salem Media stations.
The other type of religious format iHeartMedia uses in a few markets is a Gospel music based format. On these stations Gospel Music appealing to black Americans airs most of the time along with some block programming sold to religious groups. These stations are often programmed as urban stations that happen to be religious.
Specialties[edit]
IHeartMedia has one station in Hawaii, KDNN/Honolulu, programming a Contemporary Hawaiian Hits/Reggae format, along with an accompanying HD2 sub channel that features traditional Hawaiian music.
Syndicated programs[edit]

See List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia

Criticism[edit]
Market share[edit]
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the company became an object of persistent criticism.[117][118] FCC regulations were relaxed following the Telecommunications Act of 1996, allowing companies to own far more radio stations than before. After spending about $30 billion, Clear Channel owned over 1,200 stations nationwide, including as many as eight stations in certain markets. Although "media reform" social movement organizations like Future of Music Coalition mobilized against Clear Channel, so far the company has been able to hold on to all of its stations after divesting a few following the acquisition of AMFM, although over 500 stations have since been sold or are in the process of being sold since the company announced plans to become privately held.
September 11, 2001[edit]
Main article: 2001 Clear Channel memorandum
Following the September 11 attacks on New York and The Pentagon, radio stations circulated a list of songs that were deemed inappropriate for broadcast during the time of national mourning following the attacks. A small list was initially generated by the Clear Channel office on Thursday, September 13, 2001,[119] though individual program directors added many of their own songs. A list containing about 150 songs was soon published on the Internet. Some critics suggested that Clear Channel's political preferences played a part in the list.[120] A number of songs were apparently placed on the list because they had specific words such as "plane", "fly", "burn", and "falling" in their titles. Clear Channel denies that this was a list of banned songs, claiming it was a list of titles that should be played only after great thought. Also WOFX, Cincinnati, owned by Clear Channel at the time continued to play songs that were on the alleged list, even though radio headquarters was in Cincinnati at the time.[121] Songs on the list included Tom Petty's "Free Fallin'", Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World" and the entire Rage Against the Machine discography.
Live music recordings[edit]
In 2004, Clear Channel acquired a key patent in the process of producing Instant Live recordings, in which a live performance is recorded directly from the sound engineer's console during the show, and then rapidly burned on CD so that audience members can buy copies of the show as they are leaving the venue. This had been intended to provide additional revenue to the artist, venue, and promoter, as well as stifle the demand for unauthorized bootleg concert recordings made by audience members. However, some media critics, as well as smaller business rivals, believed that Clear Channel was using the patent (on the process of adding cues to the beginning and ending of tracks during recording, so that the concert is not burned as a single enormous track) to drive competitors out of business or force them to pay licensing fees, even if they do not use precisely the same process. The patent was transferred to Live Nation when Clear Channel Entertainment was spun off, but the patent was revoked on March 13, 2007,[122] after it was found that this patent infringed on a prior patent granted for Telex.
Indecency zero tolerance[edit]





This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During the nationwide crackdown on indecent material following the 2004 Super Bowl, Clear Channel launched a "self-policing" effort, and declared that there would be no "indecent" material allowed on the air.[118] This led to the company's dismissal of several of their own employees, including popular and high-profile hosts in a number of cities. There were protests from free-speech advocates. During the same period, Howard Stern was dropped from six Clear Channel-owned stations in Florida, California, Pennsylvania, New York and Kentucky. By mid-year, rival Viacom (through radio division Infinity Broadcasting) brought Stern's show back to those six markets. In June 2004, Viacom/Infinity Broadcasting Inc./One Twelve Inc. filed a $10 million lawsuit against Clear Channel for breaking of contracts and non-payment of licensing fees due to the dropping of Stern's show. (Viacom was Howard Stern's employer at the time, though he has since moved to Sirius XM Satellite Radio). The following July, Clear Channel filed a countersuit of $3 million.[123]
Concerts[edit]
In the early 2000s, Clear Channel settled a lawsuit with a Denver, Colorado concert promoter, Nobody In Particular Presents (NIPP).[118] In the lawsuit, NIPP alleged that Clear Channel halted airplay on its local stations for (NIPP) clients, and that Clear Channel would not allow NIPP to publicize its concerts on the air. The lawsuit was settled in 2004 when Clear Channel agreed to pay NIPP a confidential sum. However, a systematic analysis of concert ticket prices found no evidence that Clear Channel was cross-leveraging its radio interests with its (now divested) concert promotion interests.[124]
Production of local programming[edit]
iHeartMedia uses the RCS Nex-Gen automation system throughout their properties. Like most contemporary automation systems, Nex-Gen allows a DJ from anywhere in the country to sound as if he or she is broadcasting from anywhere else in the country, on any other station.[125] A technological outgrowth of earlier, tape-based automation systems dating back to the 1960s, this method—known as voice-tracking—allows for smaller market stations to be partially or completely staffed by "cyber-jocks" who may never have visited the town from which they are broadcasting. This practice may also result in local on-air positions being reduced or eliminated. It has been stated that iHeartMedia maintains a majority of its staff in hourly-paid, part-time positions.
Lack of local staff during emergency[edit]
Main article: Minot Train Derailment
Clear Channel was criticized for a situation that occurred in Minot, North Dakota, on the morning of January 18, 2002. At around 2:30 a.m., a Canadian Pacific Railway train derailed and leaked 240,000 US gallons (910,000 L) of toxic anhydrous ammonia, releasing a cloud of caustic, poisonous gas over the city.[126] At the time, Clear Channel owned six commercial radio stations out of nine in the Minot area. City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations, but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home. In the meantime, 9-1-1 operators were advising panicked callers to tune to KCJB for emergency instructions, but the station was not broadcasting any such information.[127]
The ammonia spill was the largest of its kind in the United States, with one person killed, and over 1,000 seeking medical attention. Clear Channel claimed no responsibility for its failure to warn residents, maintaining that the city should have used the Emergency Alert System to trigger automatic equipment in place at all U.S. radio stations. The EAS equipment was later found to be functional at the time, but had not been activated by city, state or regional authorities.[128] Unfortunately, other critical systems throughout Minot were either inoperable or had failed, including the public siren system, electricity in parts of the town, and the 9-1-1 telephone system, which became overloaded.[129]
The incident has been cited as an example of the physical dangers of media consolidation and the prevalent cost-cutting measure of eliminating overnight staff at stations.
Rejection of advertising images[edit]




Clear Channel Outdoor rejected the two images on the left


In June 2010 Clear Channel Outdoor rejected without comment two digital billboard images submitted by St. Pete Pride, an LGBT organization that sponsors gay pride events in the St. Petersburg, Florida area, leading the group to cancel its contract with Clear Channel. St. Pete Pride has stated that throughout its eight-year history, Clear Channel has edited the organization's advertising material, and questioned whether the rejection of these images were because they displayed same-sex couples in affectionate poses. A Clear Channel spokesperson declined to comment on the specific reasons why the images were rejected but denied that the affection being shown was an issue, saying that such images had been included in previous St. Pete Pride campaigns.[130]
Censorship[edit]
iHeartMedia has been criticized for censoring opinions critical of George W. Bush and other Republicans. After Natalie Maines, the singer of the country band Dixie Chicks, told a London audience that they were "ashamed [of the fact that] the president of the United States is from Texas", the band's radio airplay dropped precipitously. Afterwards, some iHeartMedia (then Clear Channel) stations removed The Dixie Chicks from their playlists without any noted repercussions from the company. Gail Austin, Clear Channel's director of programming said, "Out of respect for our troops, our city and our listeners, [we] have taken the Dixie Chicks off our playlists."[131] Clear Channel was accused of orchestrating the radio blacklist by such critics as Paul Krugman; however, others claim some Clear Channel stations continued to play the band longer than some other companies.[132]
Clear Channel-owned KTVX was the only local television station that refused to air the paid political message of Cindy Sheehan against the war in Iraq.[133]
A smaller percentage of iHeartMedia's AM talk/music stations have been in the progressive talk format (featuring the now-defunct Air America Radio network) and iHeartMedia has also been a media sponsor of Frameline, the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival.[134]
Use of paid actors posing as callers[edit]
iHeartMedia, through its subsidiary, Premiere Radio Networks, auditions and hires actors to call in to talk radio shows and pose as listeners in order to provide shows, carried by iHeartMedia and other broadcasters, with planned content in the form of stories and opinions. The custom caller service provided by Premiere Radio assures its clients they won't hear the same actor's voice for at least two months in order to appear authentic to listeners who might otherwise catch on.[135]
iHeartMedia and rock radio[edit]
iHeartMedia has caused controversy with rock music fans in major cities for changing the programming on several longtime rock stations to other formats. These have included:

KSJO San Jose - flipped to Spanish-language oldies on October 28, 2004 after 35 years as a rock station[136]
KLOL Houston - flipped to Spanish-language pop on November 12, 2004 after 34 years as a rock station[137] (the station has been sold to CBS Radio a few years later)
WFNX Boston - flipped to adult hits on July 24, 2012 after 29 years as an alternative rock station[138]
WKLS Atlanta - flipped to mainstream top 40 on August 29, 2012 after 38 years as a rock station[139]
KZEP-FM San Antonio - flipped to rhythmic hot AC on August 8, 2014 after 25 years as a classic rock station and 45 years of some form of rock music on the frequency (the classic rock format was moved to low-powered translator K227BH)[140]
KDGE Dallas - flipped to Christmas music on November 16, 2016, then Mainstream AC on December 26 after 29 years as an alternative rock station.[141]

Similarly, on September 28, 2012, 640 WGST (conservative news/talk) changed formats to Spanish sports, sparking outrage from Atlanta listeners and petitions to return 640 to its original news format. On April 23, 2013, less than eight months after switching formats, it was announced that WGST would return to a news/talk format beginning June 3, 2013, with all syndicated programming.
See also[edit]


Texas portal
Companies portal



iHeartMedia radio stations
Clear Channel UK
List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia
List of songs deemed inappropriate by Clear Channel following the September 11, 2001 attacks
TuneIn

References[edit]


^ a b c Hendricks, David (March 11, 2016). "iIHeartMedia buries startling revelation in 1,700 pages of litigation". ExpressNews.com. Hearst Communications Inc. Archived from the original on March 12, 2016. Retrieved March 12, 2016. Two Boston private-equity firms bought 70 percent of iHeartMedia for $24 billion in 2008; the other 30 percent is publicly traded. 
^ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. Retrieved July 29, 2014. ... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings... 
^ a b c d "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. Retrieved August 31, 2013. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees... 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/22/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Peker, Emre (2011-02-07). "Clear Channel Seeks Amendment to Refinance LBO Debt". Bloomberg. [dead link]
^ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. Retrieved September 16, 2014. CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications. 
^ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia. Archived from the original on September 18, 2014. Retrieved September 16, 2014. Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names. 
^ "Company Overview of iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg LP. 2014. Retrieved September 20, 2014. On September 16, 2014, Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. changed its name to iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc. 
^ Lance Venta (2 August 2013). "Clear Channel Sells SiriusXM Stake; Stations To Leave Service". RadioInsight. 
^ Lance Venta (15 October 2013). "SiriusXM Adjusting Lineup: Z100/KIIS-FM Come To Sirius". RadioInsight. 
^ Faughnder, Ryan (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel flips its name to iHeartMedia". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Publishing. Retrieved September 20, 2014. Chief Executive Bob Pittman said flipping the switch on the name reflects the progress the radio giant has made in its digital business... 'It's a recognition of who we really are today and the transformation this company has made,' Pittman said in an interview. 'We have a company that's doing progressive stuff, and yet we're named after AM radio stations.'  
^ LauraJKeller, Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw Laura J. Keller. "Private Equity's IHeart Radio Chokes on Debt Load It Can't Repay". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ "iHeartMedia hires Moelis to tackle debt burden - sources". Reuters. 2016-03-08. Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ Ink, Radio. "The iHeart Debt Battle | Radio Ink". Retrieved 2016-03-27. 
^ IHeartMedia shares drop amid warning it may not survive another year San Antonio Express-News April 24, 2017
^ iHeartMedia facing bankruptcy Complete Music Update April 24, 2017
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 17, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Clearchanneloutdoor.com
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 7, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst and Capstar Broadcasting Corporation to Acquire SFX Broadcasting in Transaction Valued at Approximately $2.1 Billion". Business Wire. 1997-08-25. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Chancellor Media And Capstar Broadcasting To Merge, Creating Nation's Largest Radio Broadcasting Company With Enterprise Value Of More Than $17 billion". Business Wire. 1998-08-27. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 5, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel gets AMFM". CNNMoney. 1999-10-04. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Radio Titans to Combine / Clear Channel buying AMFM for $16.6 billion". San Francisco Chronicle. 1999-10-05. Retrieved 2011-11-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 16, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Frank Ahrens (2006-11-17). "Clear Channel Sale to End Era". The Washington Post. p. D1. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ "Clear Channel Announces Plan to Sell Radio Stations Outside the Top 100 Markets and Entire Television Station Group" (Press release). Clear Channel Communications. November 16, 2006. Archived from the original on November 18, 2006. Retrieved May 3, 2007. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 26, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Wall Street Journal newswire (2007-04-23). "Clear Channel sells TV assets to Providence Equity". The Boston Globe. Retrieved 2007-05-03. 
^ a b "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC (Form Type: 8-K, Filing Date: 07/24/2008)". secdatabase.com. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ Reuters.com, Clear Channel shareholders OK $17.9 billion buyout, (retrieved July 14, 2008)
^ Yorke, Jeffrey (2008-07-30). "Clear Channel Privatization Deal Done". Radio and Records. 
^ Kosman, Josh (2010-04-12) Unclear future: Clear Channel creditors poised to pick up pieces, New York Post
^ "Broadcastingworld.net". Archived from the original on 2010-12-08. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 24, 2010" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 6, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Ethan Smith (October 3, 2011). "Pittman to Run Clear Channel". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-03-15. 
^ "SFX and Clear Channel Partner for Digital, Terrestrial Radio Push". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ "John Sykes, Robert Sillerman on New Clear Channel, SFX Partnership: 'We Want to Be the Best'". Billboard.biz. Retrieved 6 January 2014. 
^ Clear Channel and SFX Strike Electronic Dance Music Marketing Deal from The Wall Street Journal (January 6, 2014)
^ "iHeartMedia Loses A Director, Gets More Time To Resolve Its Massive Debt Problems". Billboard. Retrieved 2016-04-23. 
^ a b "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 20, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Sep 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 4, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ The Florida Times-Union, Sale of Clear Channel TV stations uncertain. 2007-11-09
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 5, 2007". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Clear Channel to cut U.S. Workforce by 7%, WSJ.com
^ All Access (4/28/2009) Clear Channel Radio Completes Staff Reduction Connected To Restructuring
^ Business Wire (5/20/2009) Clear Channel Radio Kicks Off Initiative to Assist Unemployed Listeners
^ "The Top 25 Radio Groups By Revenue". 30 (18). Radio World. July 19, 2006. p. 28. 
^ Big Machine Label Group and Clear Channel Announce Groundbreaking Agreement to Enable Record Company and Its Artists to Participate in All Radio Revenue Streams and Accelerate Growth of Digital Radio. Clearchannel.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel Will Be The First To Pay Royalties For Music On Its Air : The Record. NPR (2012-06-13). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Record Label Innovative Leisure to Partner with Clear Channel on Digital and Broadcast Revenue-Sharing – Yahoo! Finance. Finance.yahoo.com (2013-07-25). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel and Fearless Records Strike Broadcast and Digital Performance Royalty Deal. Billboard (2013-06-03). Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ Clear Channel signs with Fleetwood Mac | Radio & Television Business Report. Rbr.com. Retrieved on 2013-08-16.
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 14, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jan 18, 2002". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1999-10-05). "Clear Channel to Buy Radio Leader AMFM in $15.9-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 10, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Reuters, From (1999-05-20). "Chancellor Creates 3 Units to Capitalize on the Internet". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-02-19). "$2.7-Billion Deal Would Create No. 2 Radio Group in U.S.". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Kathryn (1994-04-21). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS; Texas Radio Groups Add 11 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ a b "Chancellor broadcasting to buy 12 radio stations". The New York Times. 1996-08-27. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Companies: All Clear For Radio Buys". tribunedigital-orlandosentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (August 4, 1995). "Company Town: Entertainment Upheaval". Los Angeles. Retrieved April 22, 2014. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1995-02-02). "Company Town Annex". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Staff, Times; Reports, Wire (1996-09-21). "Media". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Switching Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Evergreen Buying 12 More Stations". tribunedigital-chicagotribune. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Martin Peers. "VIACOM RADIO SIGNS OFF". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro; Journal, Carlos Tejada Staff Reporters of The Wall Street (1998-08-28). "Hicks Muse Plans to Combine Radio Firms Chancellor, Capstar". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Benchmark agrees to be acquired Dallas company to buy Md. owner of Southeast stations". tribunedigital-baltimoresun. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-06-25). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Radio Broadcasters Shift Stations in 2 Deals". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Jones, Dow (1996-07-24). "Company news;capstar broadcasting buying osborn communications". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Honolulu Star-Bulletin Business". 
^ Hofmeister, SALLIE (1997-08-26). "Dallas Company to Buy SFX in $2.1-Billion Deal". Los Angeles Times. ISSN 0458-3035. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1995-11-16). "Company news;sfx plans to acquire liberty broadcasting". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-02-13). "SFX in Deal For 16 Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Pays $6.5 Million for Apex Radio Stations in Texas". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "COMPANY NEWS; OUTDOOR ADVERTISER BUYING DAME MEDIA, A BROADCASTER". The New York Times. 1998-06-17. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 15, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Clear Channel Acquires Bangor, Maine Radio Stations for $20 Million". Playbill. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Journal, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba Staff Reporter of The Wall Street (1998-10-09). "Clear Channel Wins Bidding Contest, Agrees to Buy Jacor Communications". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 9, 1998". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ Albiniak, Paige (November 25, 2001). "A Cloud Over Clear Channel; Petition says it controls stations through 'fronts,' including Ohio FM it seeks to buy". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 20 April 2013. 
^ Landler, Mark (1996-02-14). "THE MEDIA BUSINESS;Jacor to Buy Citicasters in $770 Million Radio Station Deal". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Business - The Enquirer - October 28, 1997". 
^ "Jacor communications to buy regent communications". The New York Times. 1996-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Reuters (1996-02-06). "Company news;jacor communications to buy noble broadcast group". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Westwood One spins its Metro Traffic business to Clear Channel for $119.25M". Radio-Info.com. April 29, 2011. 
^ "Competition rises in radio industry". The Bakersfield Californian. Archived from the original on 2016-02-06. 
^ "Parent Of Y-100 To Merge Metroplex Oks Pact With Texas Company". tribunedigital-sunsentinel. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Dow Jones News Service. "Clear Channel to buy Paxson assets". Variety. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ News, Bloomberg Business (1996-05-10). "Clear Channel to Acquire 19 More Stations". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (12 June 2000). "Clear Channel Acquires Radio Stations From Roberts Radio, L.L.C.". 
^ "COMBOS". 
^ "TRISTATE BUSINESS SUMMARY". 
^ Adelson, Andrea (1997-05-19). "Minority Voice Fading For Broadcast Owners". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-10-25. 
^ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 23, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 27, 2013. 
^ "Corporate Governance – Board of Directors". Live Nation. Retrieved 2007-05-06. 
^ "Home". HitPredictor. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. © 2016 iHeartMedia, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 
^ "[hitpredictor.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Copyright & Trademark Notices". RateTheMusic. 2015. Retrieved 2016-01-12. iHeartMedia Broadcasting, Inc. ("iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. 
^ "[ratethemusic.com] Domain Availability Check with WHOIS output". MarkMonitor. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant Organization: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ "Welcome Home". research.fm. Retrieved 2016-01-12. 
^ "[research.fm] .FM Domain Name Registry WHOIS". dotFM. 2016. Retrieved 2016-01-12. Registrant: ... Organisation: iHM Identity, Inc. 
^ McLaughlin, Molly (2007-11-08). "Avoid Traffic Jams With GPS". PC Magazine. 
^ "The Smooth Jazz Network". 
^ "Iheartmedia Inc". Bloomberg Business. Retrieved 2015-10-07. 
^ "Our Team". iHeartMedia Inc. Retrieved 2015-10-06. 
^ Reffue, John. "Sports Talk Radio as Public Discourse: Combinations & Confrontation." A Rhetoric of Sports Talk Radio. University of South Florida Scholar Commons: Graduate Theses and Dissertations, 2014. 10-18. Print.
^ "Clear Channel Radio joins pursuit of Hispanic listeners". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ Klinenberg, Eric. "Fighting For Air: The Battle to Control America's Media". Metropolitan Books, 2007
^ a b c Foege, Alec. "Right of the Dial: The Rise of Clear Channel and the Fall of Commercial Radio". Faber and Faber, 2008
^ In 2001, Jack Evans, regional senior VP of programming at Clear Channel, attributed the creation of the list to individual program directors rather than management; however, the completed list was distributed to the program directors by management at Clear Channel. See also: Truitt, Eliza (2001-09-17). "It's the End of the World as Clear Channel Knows It". Chatterbox. Slate.com. Retrieved 2007-09-14. 
^ "lipmagazine.org". Archived from the original on 2002-04-05. 
^ "Clear Channel Says National "Banned Playlist" Does Not Exist" (PDF) (Press release). Clear Channel Communications, Inc. September 18, 2001. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 23, 2002. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ "EFF Kills Bogus Clear Channel Patent" (Press release). Electronic Frontier Foundation. 2007-03-13. Retrieved 2016-08-26. 
^ "Clear Channel adopts 'zero-tolerance' indecency policy". USA Today. February 25, 2004. 
^ Alan B. Krueger, "The Economics of Real Superstars: The Market for Rock Concerts in the Material World", Journal of Labor Economics: 23 (2005): 1–30.
^ Washburn, Mark (May 26, 2002). "The voice of Charlotte... and Huntsville... and Jackson...". The Charlotte Observer. p. 1H. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Minot train derailment kills one, injures dozens". CBC. 18 January 2002. Archived from the original on August 17, 2007. 
^ "Exclusive... 911 Calls in North Dakota Town Reveal Dangers of Media Consolidation". Democracy Now. 25 January 2007. 
^ "Reconsidering Minot and EAS". NewBay Media. Retrieved 2010-10-12. 
^ Jack Shafer (10 January 2007). "The whole story about that toxic spill and the Clear Channel "monopoly."". Slate Magazine. 
^ Pransky, Noah (2010-06-11). "St. Pete Pride gay-themed digital billboards rejected by Clear Channel Outdoor". St. Petersburg, Florida: WTSP. Retrieved 2010-06-25. 
^ Fitzgerald, Michael (2003-03-18). "Dixie Chicks axed by Clear Channel". 
^ Gabriel Rossman, "Elites, Masses, and Media Blacklists: The Dixie Chicks Controversy", Social Forces: 83 (2004): 61–78.
^ "TV station refuses to air anti-war ad days before Bush visit". USA Today. 2005-08-20. Retrieved 2007-01-13. 
^ Media Sponsors for Frameline33
^ "Radio Daze". Tablet Magazine. 
^ DeFao, Janine (November 7, 2004). "KSJO's switch to Latin oldies rocks headbangers' world". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "KLOL suddenly switches to Spanish format". 
^ "WFNX replaced by WHBA-FM, the Harbor". 
^ "Rock fans upset over loss of Project 9-6-1 radio station". Archived from the original on September 2, 2012. 
^ "John Lisle gone, KZEP moved, Hot 104.5 launched". 
^ "102.1 The Edge is no more; radio station sends listeners to The Eagle | GuideLive". GuideLive. 16 November 2016. 


Further reading[edit]

Eric Boehlert, Radio's big bully, salon.com, April 30, 2001
Eric Boehlert, Tough company, salon.com, May 30, 2001
Group sues over anti-war billboard, CNN, July 12, 2004
Salon.com article on Clear Channel

External links[edit]

Official website
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived December 21, 1996)
CC Media Holdings, Inc. at the Wayback Machine (archived January 8, 2013)
Clear Channel Media and Entertainment
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
Clear Channel Communications SEC Filings
Clear Channel Communications at DMOZ







v
t
e


iHeartMedia



Corporate officers



Bob Pittman (Chairman/CEO)





Board of directors



Lowry Mays
Irving Azoff
B. J. "Red" McCombs
J. C. Watts
John H. Williams





Radio stations



List of radio stations owned by iHeartMedia





Radio networks



Fox Sports Radio
Premiere Networks
Premium Choice
Total Traffic and Weather Network





Miscellaneous



Clear Channel Outdoor
Clear Channel UK
iHeartRadio
List of programming syndicated by iHeartMedia
Mediabase
Radio Computing Services












v
t
e


LiveStyle



Key people



Robert F. X. Sillerman
Sebastian Solano





Subsidiaries



AIR Festivals
ALDA Events (50% stake)
B2S
Beatport
Disco Donnie Presents
Fame House
Flavorus
ID&T
I-Motion GmbH
Life in Color
Made Event
MMG Nightlife (80% stake)
Monumental Productions
Paylogic (75% stake)
Plus Talent
React Presents
Rock World (40% stake)
Teamwork Management
Totem OneLove





Festivals



A Day at the Park
Amsterdam Open Air
Buiten Westen
Creamfields Australia
Decibel Festival
Defqon.1 Festival
Electric Zoo
Electronic Family
Kingsday
Life in Color Festival
Mysteryland
Nature One
Q-dance
Ruhr in Love
Rock in Rio
Rock in Rio USA
Sensation
Spring Awakening
Stereosonic
TikTak
TomorrowLand
TomorrowWorld
Valhalla





Business
partners



WPP plc
Eventbrite
iHeartMedia
iHeartRadio
Syco Entertainment
T-Mobile US
Former: Live Nation
Clear Channel Communications





Related topics



Live electronic music
List of electronic music festivals












v
t
e


City of San Antonio




Nickname: Alamo City



Attractions



The Alamo
Alamo Cenotaph
La Antorcha de la Amistad
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Little Flower
Cathedral of San Fernando
HemisFair '68
Houston Street
San Antonio Zoo
Tower of the Americas
Tower Life Building





Museums



Artpace
Blue Star Contemporary Art Museum
Briscoe Western Art Museum
Casa Navarro State Historic Site
Fort Sam Houston Museum
Gallista
Gas Gallery
Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center
Guinness World Records
UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures
McNay Art Museum
Museo Alameda
Museum of Aerospace Medicine
O. Henry House Museum
Ripley's Believe It or Not!
San Antonio Academy Museum
San Antonio Museum of Art
Southwest School of Art
Spanish Governor's Palace
Edward Steves Homestead
Texas Air Museum
Texas Transportation Museum
United States Army Medical Department Museum
Witte Museum
Yturri-Edmunds Historic Site

See also: List of museums in Central Texas




Entertainment



Alamodome
Alamo City Rugby
Arneson River Theater
AT&T Center
Aztec on the River
Fiesta Noche del Rio
Fiesta San Antonio
Freeman Coliseum
Majestic Theatre
Morgan's Wonderland
Nelson W. Wolff Stadium
San Antonio Missions (Baseball)
San Antonio Rampage
San Antonio Scorpions
San Antonio Spurs
San Antonio Stars
San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo
San Antonio Symphony
San Antonio Talons
Santikos Theatres
San Antonio Zoo
SeaWorld San Antonio
Six Flags Fiesta Texas
Splashtown
St. Mary's Strip
Texas Folklife Festival
Toyota Field
Tobin Center for the Performing Arts (San Antonio Municipal Auditorium)





Companies



Christus Santa Rosa
iHeartMedia
Visionworks of America
Firstmark Credit Union
Frost Bank
Harte Hanks
H-E-B
M7 Aerospace
NewTek
Rackspace
San Antonio Express-News
SAS Shoemakers (SAS)
SAWS
Security Service Federal Credit Union
SWBC
Tesoro
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
USAA
Valero





Research
and education



The Alamo Colleges
Baptist School of Health Professions
Cancer Therapy & Research Center
Children's Cancer Research Institute
Oblate School of Theology
Our Lady of the Lake University
San Antonio Public Library
South Texas Medical Center
Texas Biomedical Research Institute
Southwest Research Institute
St. Mary's University
Texas A&M University–San Antonio
Texas Neurosciences Institute
Trinity University
University Hospital System
University of the Incarnate Word
University of Texas Health Science Center
University of Texas at San Antonio





Military



San Antonio Military Medical Center
Brooks City-Base
Camp Bullis
Fort Sam Houston
Lackland Air Force Base
Pershing House
Randolph Air Force Base
Wilford Hall Ambulatory Surgical Center





Parks



Acequia Park
Brackenridge Park
Denman Estate Park
Dwight D. Eisenhower Park
Friedrich Wilderness Park
Government Canyon State Natural Area
Hardberger Park
Mahncke Park
Orsinger Park
San Antonio Botanical Garden
Japanese Tea Garden
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park
San Pedro Springs Park
O. P. Schnabel Park
Travis Park





Restaurants
and shopping



Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
Buckhorn Saloon & Museum
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant
Earl Abel's
Guenther House
Jim's Restaurants
La Villita
Luby's
Market Square
North Star Mall
Pearl Brewery
Rivercenter
River Walk
The Shops at La Cantera
Taco Cabana
Whataburger





Other



Acequia Madre de Valero
Architecture
Bexar County Courthouse
Culture
Downtown
Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center
History timeline
St. Joseph Catholic Church
Metropolitan Area
Neighborhoods and Districts
San Antonio Conservation Society
San Antonio International Airport
San Antonio Springs
San Antonio Station
VIA Metropolitan Transit








Bexar County
San Antonio–New Braunfels Metro
Texas
United States












v
t
e


Bain Capital



People



Bill Bain
Eric Kriss
Mitt Romney





Portfolio Companies



Aleris
Bain & Company
Bain Capital Ventures
Bavaria Yachtbau
Bombardier Recreational Products
Brake Bros
Brookstone
Burger King
Burlington Coat Factory
D&M Holdings
Dollarama
Domino's Pizza
DoubleClick
Edcon
GOME Electrical Appliances
Guitar Center
Gymboree
HD Supply
iHeartMedia
Hospital Corporation of America
Kansas City Bolt and Nut Company plant
Michaels
New Life Lodge
NXP Semiconductors
Sealy Corporation
Staples Inc.
Toys "R" Us
Warner Music Group
The Weather Channel
Worldpay





Aspen Education Group



Aspen Achievement Academy
Academy at Swift River
Bromley Brook School
Excel Academy
Mount Bachelor Academy
New Leaf Academy
NorthStar Center
Oakley School
Wellspring Academies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia&oldid=792850858"					
Categories: IHeartMedia, Inc.Radio broadcasting companies of the United StatesCompanies based in San AntonioCompanies established in 1972Private equity portfolio companiesBain Capital companiesApollo Global Management companiesCompanies traded over-the-counter in the United States1972 establishments in TexasHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from January 2017Use mdy dates from January 2017Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2005All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with French-language external linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2015Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2008All articles needing style editingOfficial website different in Wikidata and WikipediaWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with DMOZ links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 03:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










IHEARTMEDIA CAPITAL I LLC San Antonio TX, 78209 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Communications
Iheartmedia Capital I LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Iheartmedia Capital I LLC



200 E Basse Rd

San Antonio,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 78209-8328
							
							 |  view map


(210) 822-2828

www.iheartmedia.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

IHEARTMEDIA CAPITAL I LLC is in the Radio Broadcasting Stations industry in San Antonio, TX.  This company currently has approximately 10,000 to 25,000 employees  and  annual sales of Over $1,000,000,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Industry:
						Radio Broadcasting Stations
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						2007
					

Sales Range:
						Over $1,000,000,000
					

Employees:
						10,000 to 25,000


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


iHeartCommunications, Inc. Announces Extension Of Private Term Loan Offers Webwire
iHeartMedia extends debt exchange offer for sixth time The San Antonio Express-News - Business
Morten Gotterup Named President for Clear Channel Airports World News - Business
iHeartMedia creditors move to block debt restructuring-sources World News - Business
IHEARTMEDIA, INC. : Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Other Events (form 8-K) EIN News
iHeart Media chief will get $9M in bonuses this year The New York Post - New York, NY
Clear Channel to upgrade digital advertising at Mitchell International Bizjournals Media and Marketing
Westbury Music celebrates 20 years with expansion; Store moves above former location The Watertown Town Times - Local Business - Watertown, CT




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments

Yes



Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

A 1 Raidator Service


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Hammer & CO


TRI State Metal Works


RAM Enterprises Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Barnes & Noble


Walbro


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								4.0
							


							( Based on
							
							49
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								49
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Iheartmedia Capital I LLC
Rate Iheartmedia Capital I LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Iheartmedia Capital I LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLTAIRE
VOGUE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
FACTOR SALES INC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
YADIN CO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
STINGER WELDING INC
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  


















Iheartmedia Capital II, LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Telecommunications Services Industry Report


Telecommunications Resellers Industry Report















Iheartmedia Capital II, LLC Revenue and Financial Data
Communication services, nec, nsk







Financials Information for Iheartmedia Capital II, LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$8423.258853 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        High
                        These businesses have a high projected rate of delinquency OR a high failure risk. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Iheartmedia Capital II, LLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Telecommunications Services Industry Report


Telecommunications Resellers Industry Report


















Iheartmedia Capital II, LLCCompany Information

200 E Basse RdSan Antonio, TX, 78209 United States(210) 822-2828 †
http://www.iheartmedia.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Iheartmedia Capital II, LLC Company Profile
Communication services, nec, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Iheartmedia Capital II, LLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

San Antonio, TX, United States
Telecommunications Services
Telecommunications Resellers







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























iHeartMedia, Inc. - Simple English Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia




















 






iHeartMedia, Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


iHeartMedia, Inc.

Type
Private


Traded as
OTCQB: IHRT


Industry
Mass media


Predecessor(s)
CC Media Holdings, Inc.


When it was created
2008


Headquarters
San Antonio, Texas, United States


Key people
Bob Pittman, Chairman/CEO[1]


Things made
Radio broadcasting, outdoor advertising


Money earned
 US$ 6.246 billion (2012)[2]


Operating income
 US$ 1.070 billion (2012)[2]


Net income
 US$ -424.4 million (2012)[2]


Total assets



 US$ 15.097 billion (2013) [3]
 US$ 16.292 billion (2012) [3]





Total equity
 US$ -8.299 billion (2012)[2]


Owner(s)
Bain Capital, LLC
Thomas H. Lee Partners, LP


Employees
20,800 (Dec 2012)[4]


Divisions
iHeartMedia
(formerly Clear Channel Media and Entertainment)


Subsidiaries
iHeartCommunications, Inc.
iHeartMedia and Entertainment, Inc.
iHeartMedia Capital I, LLC
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.


Website
iheartmedia.com


iHeartMedia, Inc. (known in the past as CC Media Holdings, Inc.) is a radio organization that was established in 1972. It was then taken as a private company in 2008. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. (used to be known as Clear Channel Communications). It owns more than 850 AM radio and FM radio stations through the United States alone.
On September 16, 2014, CC Media Holdings changed their name to iHeartMedia, Inc., while Clear Channel Communications became iHeartCommunications, Inc.[5][6]
References[change | change source]


↑ Billboard staff (January 13, 2014). "Clear Channel's John Hogan Retires, Bob Pittman's Contract Extended". Billboard.com. Billboard. http://www.billboard.com/biz/articles/news/radio/5869586/clear-channels-john-hogan-retires-bob-pittmans-contract-extended. Retrieved July 29, 2014. "... Bob Pittman, chairman and CEO of CC Media Holdings..."
↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 "CC Media Holdings, Inc. Revenue, Credit Rating, and Other Financial Data". Hoovers.com. Hoovers Inc. 2013. http://www.hoovers.com/company-information/cs/revenue-financial.CC_Media_Holdings_Inc.844a225e436381b8.html. Retrieved August 31, 2013.
↑ 3.0 3.1 "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 20, 2014. http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/739708/000073970814000025/0000739708-14-000025-index.htm.
↑ "Clear Channel Communications, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 19, 2013". secdatabase.com. http://edgar.secdatabase.com/1389/73970813000003/filing-main.htm. Retrieved Mar 26, 2013. "As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately 15,000 domestic employees and approximately 5,800 international employees..."
↑ Sisario, Ben (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Renames Itself iHeartMedia, in an Embrace of the Digital". NYTimes.com. The New York Times Company. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/17/business/media/embracing-digital-brand-clear-channel-renames-itself-iheartmedia.html. Retrieved September 16, 2014. "CC Media Holdings, for example, the overall corporation, will be renamed iHeartMedia Inc., and Clear Channel Communications, its major subsidiary, will become iHeartCommunications."
↑ Press Release (September 16, 2014). "Clear Channel Becomes iHeartMedia". ClearChannel.com. iHeartMedia, Inc. http://www.clearchannel.com/Pages/Press.aspx. Retrieved September 16, 2014. "Effective today, CC Media Holdings, Inc. (OTCCB: CCMO) will become iHeartMedia, Inc. In connection with the company's new brand, the company's ticker symbol will also change, effective September 17th. Of the company's major businesses, Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will become iHeartMedia; other company brands, including iHeartRadio, Premiere Networks, Total Traffic and Weather Network, Katz Media Group and RCS, will retain their current names."


Other websites[change | change source]

Offical website


 This short article about technology can be made longer. You can help Wikipedia by adding to it.




 
						Retrieved from "https://simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IHeartMedia,_Inc.&oldid=4911839"					
Categories: 1972 establishmentsRadio programsHidden category: Technology stubs 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Page
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Change
Change source
View history



More







Search



 







Getting around


Main pageSimple startSimple talkNew changesShow any pageHelpGive to Wikipedia 



Print/export


Make a bookDownload as PDFPage for printing 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



In other languages


DeutschEnglishFrançaisItalianoNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSuomiTürkçe中文 
Change links 





 This page was last changed on 11 October 2014, at 15:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License and the GFDL; additional terms may apply. See Terms of Use for details.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






