





									Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition |
									Newswire
			



































 




Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition


Press Release
-


									updated: Jun 2, 2017							

 


			Carlsbad, California, 
			June 2, 2017			(Newswire.com) -
	 Collin McMullen, Pres. of Illumitry Corp. OTC Market - ILUM, announced Illumitry Corp. has entered into a formal agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PetsZX, Inc, a Wyoming Corporation. PetsZX has developed a proprietary line of pet nutritional products designed to increase the nutritional value of the pets' food and decrease the toxic by-products that result from impaired digestion. PetsZX’s products will initially be sold by way of direct response/electronic retailing and social media. PetsZX plans on launching its product line by using a direct response commercial to introduce its primary product: Pet Power ZX. 
PetsZX’s other products, Omega 3 ZX, Eye Care ZX and First Aid Spray ZX, will also be launched through direct response commercial and social media. PetsZX is currently developing line extension products that will be introduced at future dates.  
Mr. Jaeson Cayne, CEO of PetsZX, who is responsible for more than a billion dollars in consumer sales, stated that the company’s products have been test-marketed in Germany with unbridled success. He went on to state that it is the company’s intention to market its four principal products by way of direct response electronic retailing and social media. Mr. Cayne has been a “Chart Topper” (#1 infomercial) in the Jordan Whitney Green Sheet (a rating publication for the electronic retailing industry). In addition to other awards granted to Mr. Cayne, he was awarded “Talk Show Infomercial of the Year” by NIMA. 
The pet industry is one of the most stable growth industries. Just in the United States, there are some 85 million owned dogs and 95 million owned cats. Pets are part of the family in 65% of U.S. households.
The pet industry, which has reached U.S. sales in excess of $60 billion in 2016, is a market segment that has had continuous positive growth rate. The industry is expected to grow at a rate in excess of 3.4% in 2017.     
The transaction between Ilumitry Corp. and the shareholders of PetsZX Inc., is expected to close within the next several weeks. 
Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to maintain our website and associated computer systems, our ability to generate sufficient market acceptance for our products and services, our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow, and general economic conditions. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release.
Contact: 
W. McMullen: (214) 707-3070
Source: Illumitry Corp.




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
Business News 








 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 








												Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition													PressRelease.com									






















Illumitry Corp.


Press Release
-
								June 2, 2017 2:17PM EST
			
Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition


			Carlsbad, California, 
			June 2, 2017					(Newswire.com) -
	 Collin McMullen, Pres. of Illumitry Corp. OTC Market - ILUM, announced Illumitry Corp. has entered into a formal agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PetsZX, Inc, a Wyoming Corporation. PetsZX has developed a proprietary line of pet nutritional products designed to increase the nutritional value of the pets' food and decrease the toxic by-products that result from impaired digestion. PetsZX’s products will initially be sold by way of direct response/electronic retailing and social media. PetsZX plans on launching its product line by using a direct response commercial to introduce its primary product: Pet Power ZX. 
PetsZX’s other products, Omega 3 ZX, Eye Care ZX and First Aid Spray ZX, will also be launched through direct response commercial and social media. PetsZX is currently developing line extension products that will be introduced at future dates.  
Mr. Jaeson Cayne, CEO of PetsZX, who is responsible for more than a billion dollars in consumer sales, stated that the company’s products have been test-marketed in Germany with unbridled success. He went on to state that it is the company’s intention to market its four principal products by way of direct response electronic retailing and social media. Mr. Cayne has been a “Chart Topper” (#1 infomercial) in the Jordan Whitney Green Sheet (a rating publication for the electronic retailing industry). In addition to other awards granted to Mr. Cayne, he was awarded “Talk Show Infomercial of the Year” by NIMA. 
The pet industry is one of the most stable growth industries. Just in the United States, there are some 85 million owned dogs and 95 million owned cats. Pets are part of the family in 65% of U.S. households.
The pet industry, which has reached U.S. sales in excess of $60 billion in 2016, is a market segment that has had continuous positive growth rate. The industry is expected to grow at a rate in excess of 3.4% in 2017.     
The transaction between Ilumitry Corp. and the shareholders of PetsZX Inc., is expected to close within the next several weeks. 
Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to maintain our website and associated computer systems, our ability to generate sufficient market acceptance for our products and services, our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow, and general economic conditions. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release.
Contact: 
W. McMullen: (214) 707-3070


 Topics 

						Business News, 


 Tags 
, 













Illumitry Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















illumitry corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Apparel & Textile Products
Sub-Industry: Textile & Textile Products
Illumitry Corp. operates in a field of embroidery on fabric, furnishings, and clothing. The Company offers logos on work wear, images on cloth, embroidery on hats and jackets, and patches. Illumitry serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Sasunci Davit Square
Yerevan
Armenia


Phone:
1-702-751-2912


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.illumitry-corp.com





Board Members




Pres/CEO/CFO/Treasurer/Secy
Company


Collin McMullen
Illumitry Corp


























From The Web











Key Executives


Collin McMullen


Pres/CEO/CFO/Treasurer/Secy







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






























































	Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition





















Toll Free 888.952.4446  e-Mail [email protected]



























                        
News Room /  Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition

                    










Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition


CARLSBAD, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 2, 2017 / Collin McMullen, Pres. of Illumitry Corp. (OTC PINK: ILUM), announced that Illumitry Corp. has entered into a formal agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PetsZX, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. PetsZX has developed a proprietary line of pet nutritional products designed to increase the nutritional value of the pets' food and decrease the toxic by-products that result from impaired digestion. PetsZX's products will initially be sold by way of direct response/electronic retailing and social media. PetsZX plans on launching its product line by using a direct response commercial to introduce its primary product: Pet Power ZX. 
PetsZX's other products, Omega 3 ZX, Eye Care ZX and First Aid Spray ZX, will also be launched through direct response commercial and social media. PetsZX is currently developing line extension products that will be introduced at future dates. 
Mr. Jaeson Cayne, CEO of PetsZX, who is responsible for more than a billion dollars in consumer sales, stated that the company's products have been test-marketed in Germany with unbridled success. He went on to state that it is the company's intention to market its four principal products by way of direct response electronic retailing and social media. Mr. Cayne has been a "Chart Topper" (#1 infomercial) in the Jordan Whitney Green Sheet (a rating publication for the electronic retailing industry). In addition to other awards granted to Mr. Cayne, he was awarded "Talk Show Infomercial of the Year" by NIMA. 
The pet industry is one of the most stable growth industries. Just in the United States, there are some 85 million owned dogs and 95 million owned cats. Pets are part of the family in 65% of U.S. households.
The pet industry, which has reached U.S. sales in excess of $60 billion in 2016, is a market segment that has had continuous positive growth rate. The industry is expected to grow at a rate in excess of 3.4% in 2017. 
The transaction between Ilumitry Corp. and the shareholders of PetsZX Inc., is expected to close within the next several weeks. 
Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to maintain our website and associated computer systems, our ability to generate sufficient market acceptance for our products and services, our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow, and general economic conditions. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release.
Contact:
W. McMullen: (214) 707-3070
SOURCE: Illumitry Corp.













Illumitry Corp.
Industry:

    Business & Professional Services

 





Top













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













    ILUM News - Illumitry Corp. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Illumitry Corp.

                  OTC: ILUM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Illumitry Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



ILUM

/quotes/zigman/80613240/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/80613240/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















/news/latest/company/us/ilum

      MarketWatch News on ILUM
    
No News currently available for ILUM







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ilum

      Other News on ILUM
    




 10-Q: ILLUMITRY CORP.
5:19 p.m. May 22, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: ILLUMITRY CORP.
6:00 p.m. March 10, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









/news/pressrelease/company/us/ilum

      Press Releases on ILUM
    




 Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition
2:31 p.m. June 2, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:52 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition






































Menu






Menu





Welcome!








Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site












































News: Accesswire







Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition







Print
Share
Font-size








            06/02/17 02:29 PM EDT
        


CARLSBAD, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 2, 2017 / Collin McMullen, Pres. of Illumitry Corp. (OTC PINK: ILUM), announced that Illumitry Corp. has entered into a formal agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PetsZX, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. PetsZX has developed a proprietary line of pet nutritional products designed to increase the nutritional value of the pets' food and decrease the toxic by-products that result from impaired digestion. PetsZX's products will initially be sold by way of direct response/electronic retailing and social media. PetsZX plans on launching its product line by using a direct response commercial to introduce its primary product: Pet Power ZX. 






PetsZX's other products, Omega 3 ZX, Eye Care ZX and First Aid Spray ZX, will also be launched through direct response commercial and social media. PetsZX is currently developing line extension products that will be introduced at future dates.  Mr. Jaeson Cayne, CEO of PetsZX, who is responsible for more than a billion dollars in consumer sales, stated that the company's products have been test-marketed in Germany with unbridled success. He went on to state that it is the company's intention to market its four principal products by way of direct response electronic retailing and social media. Mr. Cayne has been a "Chart Topper" (#1 infomercial) in the Jordan Whitney Green Sheet (a rating publication for the electronic retailing industry). In addition to other awards granted to Mr. Cayne, he was awarded "Talk Show Infomercial of the Year" by NIMA.  The pet industry is one of the most stable growth industries. Just in the United States, there are some 85 million owned dogs and 95 million owned cats. Pets are part of the family in 65% of U.S. households. The pet industry, which has reached U.S. sales in excess of $60 billion in 2016, is a market segment that has had continuous positive growth rate. The industry is expected to grow at a rate in excess of 3.4% in 2017.  The transaction between Ilumitry Corp. and the shareholders of PetsZX Inc., is expected to close within the next several weeks.  Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to maintain our website and associated computer systems, our ability to generate sufficient market acceptance for our products and services, our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow, and general economic conditions. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release. Contact: W. McMullen: (214) 707-3070 SOURCE: Illumitry Corp.


 






Print
Share
Font-size






























                
                
                    
                    
                        Sponsored Links
                    
                
                
                
                
                    
                    
                
            



















                
                
                    
                    
                        Sponsor Center
                    
                
                
                
                
                    
                    
                
            

















































Illumitry Corp.















illumitry corp.



















illumitry corp.
Illumitry Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 17, 2014. We are a development-stage company formed to commence operations in a field of embroidery on fabric and cloth in Armenia.








								It could be embroidery on any wardrobe items, headgear, any labels for the enterprises, or embroidery on upholstery. The labels usually present the name of the Company on work wear, also on the advertising items such as hats or scarves, gloves, jackets and other related items. Our embroidery machine has a special nozzle for embroidery on hats, which gives us more opportunities for offering our embroidery product to the potential customers. We plan to develop a new product â embroidery on damaged cloth that cannot be repaired in another way. This can be embroidery on pants or jackets where the damage occurred, camouflaging the damage.  This can be a good alternative for saving the damaged garment. In the next 12 months we intend to offer our services to clients in Armenia. We also plan to expand our embroidery business to the neighboring countries such as Georgia and Turkey.  National Armenian cloth and national Turkey and Georgian cloth have many common embroidery elements that make our embroidery business high demand in these countries. Ms. Sukiasyan will perform our embroidery production. Price of embroidery on fabric and cloth will depend on the complexity of the order and will be calculated individually.Our product can be represented as embroidery products. Embroidery products include, but are not limited to: logos on work wear, images on cloth, patches, embroidery on hats, jackets, and on linen, blankets, leather upholstery and others.  Our embroidery machine operates through the computer and which allows us to embroider on almost any kind of item.  The main product of our production is embroidery on fabric.Please do not hesitate to visit our office, in any case we will be happy to assist you regarding your embroidery ideas.
							

Our products


































offering of the purchaseillumitry corp.
Illumitry Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on October 17, 2014. Illumitry Corp. is a development stage company and intend to commence operations in the field of embroidery on fabric and cloth in Armenia. The embroidery can be made on any fabric, including silks and soft wools. It's target markets are ateliers (e.g., artist or designer workshops), fabric shops, designing agencies, marketing enterprises and others.

offering of the purchase

Illumitry Corp. is a development stage company that has recently started its operations. To date we have been involved primarily in organization activities. We do not have sufficient capital for operations in accordance to our Plan of operation. Any investment in the shares offered herein involves a high degree of risk. You should only purchase shares if you can afford a loss of your investment. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion for Illumitry Corp., which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.Please, contact us below, if you like to buy shares of Illumitry Corp. and be a part of the Company:







Contact us

Name





Email





Phone




Please complete the form below.


Send
















	Illumitry Corp (ILUM): Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition


































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                US OTC
                >
                Miscellaneous
                >
                Illumitry Corp (ILUM)




Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgPrevious | Next












$ B.M.F.$
                 
            





                Followed By
            

                59
            



                Posts
            

                1,732
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                0
            



                Alias Born
            

                02/15/11
            
















            ILUM
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        








            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















ILUM Detailed Quote







1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y










Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/22/2017 5:16:35 PM

Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/19/2017 5:11:22 PM

Amended Quarterly Report (10-q/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/23/2017 3:23:20 PM

Amended Quarterly Report (10-q/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/23/2017 3:15:20 PM

Amended Quarterly Report (10-q/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/23/2017 3:09:37 PM

Annual Report (10-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/10/2017 4:59:41 PM












$ B.M.F.$
                 
            

Friday, 06/02/17 05:47:56 PM




Re: 
Big Brother                                       
 
 post# 1






Post # 

                of
                2 









Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major Acquisition  Jun 02, 2017   OTC Disclosure & News Service   -   CARLSBAD, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 2, 2017 / Collin McMullen, Pres. of Illumitry Corp. (OTC PINK: ILUM), announced that Illumitry Corp. has entered into a formal agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PetsZX, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. PetsZX has developed a proprietary line of pet nutritional products designed to increase the nutritional value of the pets' food and decrease the toxic by-products that result from impaired digestion. PetsZX's products will initially be sold by way of direct response/electronic retailing and social media. PetsZX plans on launching its product line by using a direct response commercial to introduce its primary product: Pet Power ZX.   PetsZX's other products, Omega 3 ZX, Eye Care ZX and First Aid Spray ZX, will also be launched through direct response commercial and social media. PetsZX is currently developing line extension products that will be introduced at future dates.   Mr. Jaeson Cayne, CEO of PetsZX, who is responsible for more than a billion dollars in consumer sales, stated that the company's products have been test-marketed in Germany with unbridled success. He went on to state that it is the company's intention to market its four principal products by way of direct response electronic retailing and social media. Mr. Cayne has been a "Chart Topper" (#1 infomercial) in the Jordan Whitney Green Sheet (a rating publication for the electronic retailing industry). In addition to other awards granted to Mr. Cayne, he was awarded "Talk Show Infomercial of the Year" by NIMA.   The pet industry is one of the most stable growth industries. Just in the United States, there are some 85 million owned dogs and 95 million owned cats. Pets are part of the family in 65% of U.S. households.   The pet industry, which has reached U.S. sales in excess of $60 billion in 2016, is a market segment that has had continuous positive growth rate. The industry is expected to grow at a rate in excess of 3.4% in 2017.   The transaction between Ilumitry Corp. and the shareholders of PetsZX Inc., is expected to close within the next several weeks. 





BE A LEADER, FOLLOW NO-ONE






iHub NewsWire


ONCI INKS DEAL WITH MAJOR FLORIDA AUTO DEALER LAW GROUP(ONCI) Jul 27, 2017 11:16 AM
Signal Bay Enters into Definitive Agreement to Acquire Viridis Analytics MA, LLC(SGBY) Jul 27, 2017 10:34 AM
PURA PPS Potential To Reach $0.09 From Current $0.03(PURA) Jul 27, 2017 8:45 AM
North Road Ventures Advances to the Detailed Review Stage in its ACMPR Application(LIB) Jul 27, 2017 8:39 AM
CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgPrevious | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist




















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        

























 













ILLUMITRY CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ILLUMITRY CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ILLUMITRY CORP.


Company Address
AYASA 53YEREVAN 0015


Company Phone
17027512912


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Arusyak Sukiasyan


Employees  (as of 9/25/2015) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (3/18/2015)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.02


Shares Offered
3,000,000


Offer Amount
$60,000.00


Total Expenses
$8,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
6,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001636760




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten and “best-efforts” basis: no
minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The
offering price per share is $0.02. The following table sets forth the uses of
proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the
securities offered for sale by the Company. There is no assurance that we will
raise the full $60,000 as anticipated.
 
         Gross proceeds               $15,000       $30,000       $45,000       $60,000  
                                                                                         
Offering expenses                   $   8,000     $   8,000     $   8,000     $   8,000  
Net proceeds                        $   7,000     $  22,000     $  37,000     $  52,000  
Establishing an office              $       -     $     800     $   2,000     $   2,300  
Website development                 $       -     $   1,200     $   3,000     $   3,000  
Sales and assistant person salary   $       -     $   2,500     $   8,000     $  14,000  
Embroidery machine                  $       -     $   5,300     $   7,600     $  15,200  
Raw materials                       $       -     $   1,200     $   2,700     $   3,300  
Marketing and advertising           $       -     $   1,300     $   3,000     $   3,000  
SEC reporting and compliance        $   7,500 *   $   7,500     $   7,500     $   7,500  
Lease expenses                      $       -     $   1,200     $   1,200     $   1,200  
Miscellaneous expenses              $       -     $   1,000     $   2,000     $   2,500  

* SEC reporting and compliance costs will be approximately $ 7,500. Therefore,
in the scenario of selling 25% of the maximum offering amount, we will use all
$7,000 net proceeds and we will need additional funds in the amount of $500 to
meet SEC reporting and compliance obligations.  The above figures represent only
estimated costs. We are planning to attract additional financing from selling
our shares in this offering and through selling our embroidery products to
existing and future customer, if there is any. In case if we do not raise
additional funds our business will be harmed.
 
The above figures represent only estimated costs. If necessary, Arusyak
Sukiasyan, our President and director, has agreed to loan the Company funds to
complete the registration process, implement business plan, and maintain
reporting status and quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board or other quotation
service. Also, these loans would be necessary if the proceeds from this offering
are not sufficient to implement our business plan and maintain reporting
status. Ms. Sukiasyan will not be paid any compensation or anything from the
proceeds of this offering. There is no due date for the repayment of the funds
advanced by Ms. Sukiasyan. She will be repaid from revenues of operations if and
when we generate additional revenues to pay the obligation.


In Armenia, there is a high level of competition for embroidery production.
There are many Armenian companies that are established embroidery producers and
that maintain a strong position in the market. For example, we face strong
competition from Saw.Am Company and Embdesign, two Armenian companies which
specialize in embroidery.

The principal competitive factors in our industry are pricing and quality of
embroidery on fabric and cloth, such as quality of threads for good
implementation of design solution on the surface. Illumitry Corp. is offering
embroidery using a modern computerized embroidery machine, which completes
production in a shorter time, has higher quality of embroidery, and higher
design accuracy. We will be in a market where we compete directly with domestic
and international companies offering similar products of embroidery. Larger
embroidery companies may be able to provide more favorable services to
customers. Many of these companies may have a greater customer base than us.
Also, many of these companies will be able to offer better price for similar
product than us. All of this competition may cause us to lose business to our
competitors. We anticipate challenges from other new market entrants. We may be
unable to compete effectively with these existing or new embroidery companies,
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of our operation.

Illumitry Corp. has only just entered the market with one customer. We are at a
competitive disadvantage in the market. We are one of many participants in the
embroidery business. Nearly all Illumitry Corp.’s competitors have significantly
greater financial resources, technical expertise, and managerial capabilities
than Illumitry Corp. Therefore, Illumitry Corp. may not be able to establish
itself within the industry at all.


Company Description
We are a development-stage company formed to commence operations in a field of
embroidery on fabric and cloth in Armenia. We have recently started our
operation. As of today, we have developed our business plan, registered our
web-domain, signed a Rental Agreement with Hamlet Hayrapetyan and an


 Agreement
for sale of goods with “Mariyan” Atelier and Shop of Fabric, and generated
limited revenues of $7,003 from selling our products of embroidery.
---

We plan to commence operations in the clothing field, such as embroidery
production on any facture on which our machine is suitable for.
 
It could be embroidery on any wardrobe items, headgear, any labels for the
enterprises, or embroidery on upholstery. The labels usually present the name of
the Company on work wear, also on the advertising items such as hats or scarves,
gloves, jackets and other related items. Our embroidery machine has a special
nozzle for embroidery on hats which gives us more opportunities for offering our
embroidery product to the potential customers. We plan to develop a new product
— embroidery on damaged cloth that cannot be repaired in another way. This can
be embroidery on pants or jackets where the damage occurred, camouflaging the
damage. This can be a good alternative for saving the damaged garment. In the
next 12 months we intend to offer our services to clients in Armenia. We also
plan to expand our embroidery business to the neighboring countries such as
Georgia and Turkey. National Armenian cloth and national Turkey and Georgian
cloth have many common embroidery elements that make our embroidery business
high demand in these countries. Ms. Sukiasyan will perform our embroidery
production. Price of embroidery on fabric and cloth will depend on the
complexity of the order and will be calculated individually.

Our operations to date have been devoted primarily to start-up and development
activities, which include:

1. Formation of the Company;

2. Developing our business plan,

3. Setting up our web site,

4. Developing model of our business card,

5. Initiating relations and purchasing our embroidery machine and raw materials,

6. Signing Rental Agreement Hamlet Hayrapetyan,

7. Signing Agreement for sale of goods with “Mariyan” Atelier and Shop of
   Fabric.

We are planning to buy more modern equipment such as embroidery machine in the
future as was described in the Plan of Operation above. We also need funds for
general administrative expenses, business development and marketing expenses,
expenses connected with public company reporting, and the purchase of auxiliary
and raw materials.
---

Illumitry Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on October 17, 2014. Our principal
executive offices are located at Sasunci Davit Square, Yerevan, Armenia. Our
phone number is +17027512912. Email: illumitrycorp@gmail.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$4,003


Net Income
-$5,770


Total Assets
$8,030






Total Liabilities
$10,900


Stockholders' Equity
-$2,870




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ILLUMITRY CORP.
S-1/A
9/25/2015
Filing



ILLUMITRY CORP.
S-1/A
9/8/2015
Filing



ILLUMITRY CORP.
S-1/A
7/24/2015
Filing



ILLUMITRY CORP.
S-1/A
5/20/2015
Filing



ILLUMITRY CORP.
S-1
3/18/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Gillespie & Associates, PLLC


Auditor
Harris & Gillespie CPAs, PLLC


Company Counsel
Harrison Law, P.A


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Transfer Agent
Self-underwritten


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Illumitry Corp. Announces a Major AcquisitionHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballIllumitry Corp. Announces a Major AcquisitionAccesswireJune 2, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareCARLSBAD, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 2, 2017 / Collin McMullen, Pres. of Illumitry Corp. (OTC PINK: ILUM), announced that Illumitry Corp. has entered into a formal agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PetsZX, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. PetsZX has developed a proprietary line of pet nutritional products designed to increase the nutritional value of the pets' food and decrease the toxic by-products that result from impaired digestion. PetsZX's products will initially be sold by way of direct response/electronic retailing and social media. PetsZX plans on launching its product line by using a direct response commercial to introduce its primary product: Pet Power ZX.PetsZX's other products, Omega 3 ZX, Eye Care ZX and First Aid Spray ZX, will also be launched through direct response commercial and social media. PetsZX is currently developing line extension products that will be introduced at future dates.Mr. Jaeson Cayne, CEO of PetsZX, who is responsible for more than a billion dollars in consumer sales, stated that the company's products have been test-marketed in Germany with unbridled success. He went on to state that it is the company's intention to market its four principal products by way of direct response electronic retailing and social media. Mr. Cayne has been a "Chart Topper" (#1 infomercial) in the Jordan Whitney Green Sheet (a rating publication for the electronic retailing industry). In addition to other awards granted to Mr. Cayne, he was awarded "Talk Show Infomercial of the Year" by NIMA.The pet industry is one of the most stable growth industries. Just in the United States, there are some 85 million owned dogs and 95 million owned cats. Pets are part of the family in 65% of U.S. households.The pet industry, which has reached U.S. sales in excess of $60 billion in 2016, is a market segment that has had continuous positive growth rate. The industry is expected to grow at a rate in excess of 3.4% in 2017.The transaction between Ilumitry Corp. and the shareholders of PetsZX Inc., is expected to close within the next several weeks.Forward-Looking Statements:This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements in this release reflect the good faith judgment of management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements, including but not limited to our ability to maintain our website and associated computer systems, our ability to generate sufficient market acceptance for our products and services, our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow, and general economic conditions. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this release.Contact:W. McMullen: (214) 707-3070SOURCE: Illumitry Corp.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressA major player in the struggle for control of the Sinaloa cartel just surrendered in the USBusiness InsiderMcCain, once belittled by Trump, hands him big defeat in healthcare voteFranz Josef: Forget about the McCain Trump duo for a moment.  The bottom line is that millions of hard working Americans can no longer afford Health Insurance with it's high premiums and high deductibles.  Who does get great health insurance?  Well those in Congress, government employees, the rich, those on welfare, those on prison, illegal aliens.  System broke.  Fix it for the middle class working person, Democrat or Republican.Join the Conversation1 / 5332








