





IMH
 
































































































 
Our Story

Be Informed. Be Smart. Be Sure.

The future of IMH has never looked brighter.

20 years in the industry has brought strength and insight to all facets of IMH, enabling us to seize the best opportunities in the real estate market.

We keep our finger squarely on the pulse of relevant markets, informing and allowing us to maintain flexible investment strategies in changing market conditions. IMH is staffed by some of the brightest minds in finance and real estate.




7001 N. Scottsdale Rd., Suite 2050
Scottsdale, AZ 85253
(480) 840-8400




Latest News


No posts were found.



 



Find What You Need





















Search
(480) 840-8400
(800) 510-6445
Contact Us
Shareholder Portal





IMH Financial






 

Top



 





 





Ahead of the Future 

With over a decade of experience in real estate lending and investment, IMH Financial Corporation is ahead of the curve 







Always Seeking Opportunity 

Strategic partnerships, attractive investments and seizing the best opportunities in real estate is what makes our company tick 







Smart Growth 

We identify and purchase quality assets, investments and opportunities that facilitate strategic growth 



 




 






 



Assets Available for Sale



Search Listings













IMH Financial Corporation is a real estate investment and finance company based in the Southwest United States with over a decade of experience in various and diverse facets of the real estate lending and investment process. Our expertise spans origination, acquisition, underwriting, documentation, servicing, construction, enforcement, development, management and operations, marketing, and disposition.








 



Over ten years ago, IMH Secured Loan Fund began with a short-term bridge loan to help finance a small real estate project. It was a relationship built on trust and mutual respect — qualities that to this day, cement every long-term relationship.
Learn More





 



We understand and evaluate our borrower’s needs, then make them our own. We present options that make sense. We offer flexible loans, competitively-priced, and combined with professional service that earns trust and business for years to come.
Learn More





 



We respect our brokers as key business partners and strive to keep them informed and up to date regarding the progress of their loans. We provide our brokers with competitive compensation.
Learn More





IMH strives to maintain transparency and trust with its investors. Our commitment to our shareholders drives IMH to be the best in its class and build a strong reputation for honesty and integrity. These are among our most valuable assets.
 
The Shareholder Portal allows our investors to create a personal account granting access to the latest in shareholder news and enabling them to manage the details of their account.





Access the Shareholder Portal




Login Now







Imh Financial Corporation:  quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceImh Financial CorporationCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Imh Financial Corporation
 









Officers and directors


William Meris
CEO


Jim Abood
Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary


Ryan Muranaka
Senior Vice President Underwriting


Address
7001 N Scottsdale Rd #2050Paradise Valley, AZ 85253-3698USA+1 480-840-8400 (Phone)

Website links


www.imhre.com










IMH Financial deals in real estate lending and investment mainly in the southwestern US. Although its family of companies historically have focused on acquiring and originating short-term bridge loans to enable commercial real estate development and construction, market conditions -- mainly lack of mortgage capital availability -- are prompting the company to change course. Its focus now is to make investments across a more diverse set of target assets, including interim loans used to pay off construction or property loans and whole commercial real estate mortgage loans. Its primary markets include Arizona, California, and Texas. IMH filed to go public in 2010 but withdrew the next year.


More from Hoovers »




Related companies




Name
Exchange
Symbol
Last trade

Change
Mkt cap




Imh Financial Corporation
Private












Partners Realty Capital LLC
Private












CBRE CAPITAL MARKETS, INC.
Private












ARIES CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC.
Private












Republic State Mortgage Co.
Private












Dhi Mortgage Company, Ltd.
Private












Merrill Lynch Credit Corporation
Private












Shearson Financial Network, Inc.
Private












GMAC Mortgage, LLC
Private












Synovus Mortgage Corp
Private












Vestin Group Inc
Private
















Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service






IMH Financial Corp in Scottsdale, AZ | 7001 N Scottsdale Rd, Ste 2050, Scottsdale, AZ






< Back to previousIMH Financial Corp(0){{slogan}}7001 N Scottsdale Rd, Ste 2050Scottsdale, AZ 85253{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?The IMH Family of Companies have been engaged in many facets of the real estate investment process, including origination, underwriting, documentation, servicing, construction, enforcement, development, marketing and disposition for over 12 years. We focus on a niche segment of the real estate market that we believe is underserved by community, regional and national banks: high yield, short-term, senior secured commercial real estate mortgage loans. The intense level of underwriting analysis required in this segment of the market necessitates personnel and expertise that many small community banks lack, yet the requisite localized market knowledge of the underwriting process and the size of the loans we seek often precludes the regional and national banks from efficiently entering this market. The IMH Family of Companies includes Investors Mortgage Holdings, Inc. and SWI Management, LLC. Investors Mortgage Holdings, Inc is a mortgage banker licensed in the State of Arizona, and Investors Mortgage Holding California, Inc is a real estate broker licensed in State of California... Read more LessMessage from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoScottsdale Seville... MoreScottsdale Seville LessProducts & ServicesBridge Loans, Commercial Loans, Commercial Services, Construction Loans, Investment Property Loans, Mortgages, Real Estate Loans, Renovation Loans, Un... MoreBridge Loans, Commercial Loans, Commercial Services, Construction Loans, Investment Property Loans, Mortgages, Real Estate Loans, Renovation Loans, Underwriting LessHoursMon-Fri: 09:00 AM-05:00 PM Sat-Sun: ClosedSpecialtiesMulti-Units... MoreMulti-Units LessAdditional InformationLoan Broker, Mortgage Banker... MoreLoan Broker, Mortgage Banker LessIn Business Since2003... More2003 LessCertification & AffiliationsLicensed... MoreLicensed LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.













IMH stock quote - Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Common Stock New price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    IMH















Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Common Stock New Quote & Summary Data 


IMH 
$14.68
*  
0.07

0.48%
Get IMH Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading IMH now
				        




Exchange:AMEX 
Industry: Consumer Services 
Community Rating:  



















IMH





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 14.91 / $ 14.48




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





9,381





                                        90 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




57,000




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 14.61




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 18.50 / $ 12.04
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 306,555,746 




                                            P/E Ratio
                                            


                                                    "P/E Ratio" is a statistic calculated by dividing the price of a stock by the reported actual earnings per share of the issuing firm (not the same as the projected P/E ratio); it is also called the "multiple".
                                                




4.33




                                        Forward P/E(1y)
                                            


                                                        A widely used stock evaluation measure. For a security, the Price/Earnings Ratio is given by dividing the Last Sale Price by the Average EPS (Earnings Per Share) Estimate for the specified fiscal time period. The forward P/E refers to the value for the next full year. 
                                                    









                                            Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                                            


	                                                    The EPS listed on our infoquote and Summary Quote page is "12-mos Rolling". EPS represents the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Net income (reported or estimated) for a period of time is divided by the total number of shares outstanding (TSO) during that period; See growth rate measures for EPS. Our vendor's methodology for the EPS on the infoquote and Summary Quote pages follows the EPS used by the majority of the analysts following the stock, in many cases this is EBITDA EPS. 
	                                                




$ 3.39


Annualized dividend
N/A




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




N/A


Dividend Payment Date
N/A




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




0 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




1.62






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)
Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc., sometimes referred to herein as the "Company,"
"we," "our" or "us," is a Maryland corporation incorporated in August 1995 and
includes the following subsidiaries: Integrated Real Estate Service Corporation,
or IRES, IMH Assets Corp. and Impac Funding Corporation. IRES subsidiary, Impac
Mortgage Corp. (IMC), formerly known as Excel Mortgage Servicing, Inc., or
Excel, conducts our mortgage lending and real estate services operations.

Forward­Looking Statements

This report on Form 10­K contains certain forward­looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  ... More ...  




Risk Grade

			        Where does IMH fit in the risk graph?
				
































News for IMH









                        Impac Mortgage Holdings (IMH) Investor Presentation - Slideshow
                    

7/27/2017 3:01:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Stocks to watch next week
                    

7/22/2017 10:06:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Impac Mortgage Holdings: Brutal Earnings Report And Significant Market Headwinds Spell Trouble Ahead
                    

5/11/2017 3:15:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Get WACked?
                    

4/24/2017 11:00:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Impac Mortgage Moves On 2017 Strategy
                    

4/24/2017 9:41:00 AM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More IMH News & Commentary



                Read IMH Press Releases





















Consensus Recommendation


















Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$


Quarterly EPS Est:



PEG Ratio:
N/A


Mean Recommendation:
0




            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































IMH
 
































































































 
Our Story

Be Informed. Be Smart. Be Sure.

The future of IMH has never looked brighter.

20 years in the industry has brought strength and insight to all facets of IMH, enabling us to seize the best opportunities in the real estate market.

We keep our finger squarely on the pulse of relevant markets, informing and allowing us to maintain flexible investment strategies in changing market conditions. IMH is staffed by some of the brightest minds in finance and real estate.




7001 N. Scottsdale Rd., Suite 2050
Scottsdale, AZ 85253
(480) 840-8400




Latest News


No posts were found.



 



Find What You Need





















Search
(480) 840-8400
(800) 510-6445
Contact Us
Shareholder Portal





IMH Financial






 

Top



 





 





Ahead of the Future 

With over a decade of experience in real estate lending and investment, IMH Financial Corporation is ahead of the curve 







Always Seeking Opportunity 

Strategic partnerships, attractive investments and seizing the best opportunities in real estate is what makes our company tick 







Smart Growth 

We identify and purchase quality assets, investments and opportunities that facilitate strategic growth 



 




 






 



Assets Available for Sale



Search Listings













IMH Financial Corporation is a real estate investment and finance company based in the Southwest United States with over a decade of experience in various and diverse facets of the real estate lending and investment process. Our expertise spans origination, acquisition, underwriting, documentation, servicing, construction, enforcement, development, management and operations, marketing, and disposition.








 



Over ten years ago, IMH Secured Loan Fund began with a short-term bridge loan to help finance a small real estate project. It was a relationship built on trust and mutual respect — qualities that to this day, cement every long-term relationship.
Learn More





 



We understand and evaluate our borrower’s needs, then make them our own. We present options that make sense. We offer flexible loans, competitively-priced, and combined with professional service that earns trust and business for years to come.
Learn More





 



We respect our brokers as key business partners and strive to keep them informed and up to date regarding the progress of their loans. We provide our brokers with competitive compensation.
Learn More





IMH strives to maintain transparency and trust with its investors. Our commitment to our shareholders drives IMH to be the best in its class and build a strong reputation for honesty and integrity. These are among our most valuable assets.
 
The Shareholder Portal allows our investors to create a personal account granting access to the latest in shareholder news and enabling them to manage the details of their account.





Access the Shareholder Portal




Login Now




















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




IMH Financial Corp 7001 N Scottsdale Rd Scottsdale, AZ Mortgages - MapQuest







































































































    IMH Financial Corp
  

7001 N Scottsdale Rd

Scottsdale
AZ
85253




 Reviews



(480) 840-8400
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            The IMH Family of Companies have been engaged in many facets of the real estate investment process, including origination, underwriting, documentation, servicing, construction, enforcement, development, marketing and disposition for over 12 years. We focus on a niche segment of the real estate market that we believe is underserved by community, regional and national banks: high yield, short-term, senior secured commercial real estate mortgage loans. The intense level of underwriting analysis required in this segment of the market necessitates personnel and expertise that many small community banks lack, yet the requisite localized market knowledge of the underwriting process and the size of the loans we seek often precludes the regional and national banks from efficiently entering this market. The IMH Family of Companies includes Investors Mortgage Holdings, Inc. and SWI Management, LLC. Investors Mortgage Holdings, Inc is a mortgage banker licensed in the State of Arizona, and Investors Mortgage Holding California, Inc is a real estate broker licensed in State of California
          






















Legal






Help





























 IMH - Stock quote for Impac Mortgage Holdings Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Impac Mortgage Holdings Inc
Amex: IMH



US Markets Closed










AdChoices








14.68


▲


+0.07
+0.48%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 28, 2017 8:00 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
14.48


Previous Close
14.61


Volume (Avg) 
9.38k (57.84k)


Day's Range
14.48-14.91


52Wk Range
12.04-18.50


Market Cap.
306.56M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
0.55


Shares Outstanding
20.88M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
4.17 (3.52) 









Recent News







Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. INSIDERS ON Board Members

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
5 days ago






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            Morning Star
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings IMH

                            
                            The Motley Fool
                        
7/21/2017






Key Executives for Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc.

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings IMH

                            
                            The Motley Fool
                        
7/17/2017








Genworth Financial (NYSE:GNW) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows

                            
                            Ci News
                        
1 day ago






Genworth Financial Inc (GNW) Upgraded to "Hold" by BidaskClub

                            
                            nolopodrasdejardever.com
                        
1 day ago






Alliancebernstein LP Reduces Stake in Genworth Financial Inc (GNW)

                            
                            techdeezer.com
                        
1 day ago






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            einpresswire.com
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            ForexTV
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            GlobeNewswire
                        
7/21/2017








Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            isp.netscape.com
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            econotimes.com
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            teletrader.com
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            euroinvestor.com
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders’ Meeting

                            
                            publicnow.com
                        
7/21/2017






Impac Mortgage Holdings Balance Sheet - Quarterly (NYSEMKT:IMH)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/19/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,830.31


+33.76
+0.15%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 4:38 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,374.68




-7.51
-0.12%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,368.37




-74.64
-1.00%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,954.69




-8.54
-0.07%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  8143060Z Stock Quote - IMH Financial Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  IMH Financial Corp   8143060Z:US      Unlisted   8143060Z:US is unlisted   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -1.11    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   15.279    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   IMH Financial Corporation is a real estate finance company based in Scottsdale, Arizona.  The Company is involved with the acquisition and origination of min-perm loans, or other short-term financings that are used to pay off construction or commercial property loans.    Address  4900 N. Scottsdale RoadSuite 5000Scottsdale, AZ 85251United States   Phone  480-840-8400   Website   www.imhfc.com     Executives Board Members    Lawrence D Bain  Chief Executive Officer    Lisa Jack  Chief Financial Officer    Jonathan T Brohard  Exec VP/Gen Counsel/Secy    Steven Darak  Senior VP/Chief Accounting Ofcr     Show More         



IMH FINANCIAL CORP Paradise Valley AZ, 85253 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Real Estate
IMH Financial Corp
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







IMH Financial Corp



7001 N Scottsdale Rd, Ste 2050

Paradise Valley,
							
							
							 AZ
							
							
							 85253-3698
							
							 |  view map


(480) 840-8400

www.imhfc.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

IMH FINANCIAL CORP is in the Real Estate Agents and Managers industry in Paradise Valley, AZ.  This company currently has approximately 100 to 250 employees  and  annual sales of $25,000,000 to $74,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Real Estate Agents and Managers
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2003
					

Sales Range:
						$25,000,000 to $74,999,999
					

Employees:
						100 to 250


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Southern Cleaning Service Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


TRI State Metal Works


Ideal Construction CO


A 1 Raidator Service


Barnes & Noble


Hammer & CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Walbro








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								4.0
							


							( Based on
							
							2
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								2
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on IMH Financial Corp
Rate IMH Financial Corp on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about IMH Financial Corp
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLTAIRE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
YADIN CO INC
FACTOR SALES INC
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
PANALPINA INC
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















IMH Financial Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















imh financial corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
IMH Financial Corporation is a real estate finance company based in Scottsdale, Arizona.  The Company is involved with the acquisition and origination of min-perm loans, or other short-term financings that are used to pay off construction or commercial property loans.




Corporate Information
Address:

4900 N. Scottsdale Road
Suite 5000
Scottsdale, AZ 85251
United States


Phone:
480-840-8400


Fax:
800-510-6445


Web url:
www.imhfc.com





Board Members




Chief Executive Officer
Company


Lawrence Bain
Imh Financial Corp








Board Members
Company




Jay Wolf
Indiepub Entertainment Inc


Seth Singerman
Singerman Real Estate LLC






Lori Wittman
Care Capital Properties Inc




Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Lawrence D Bain


Chief Executive Officer




Lisa Jack


Chief Financial Officer




Jonathan T Brohard


Exec VP/Gen Counsel/Secy




Steven Darak


Senior VP/Chief Accounting Ofcr







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































IMH Financial Corp (IPO-IFC.N)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States


















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsConsumer Lending












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        














					Full Description



IMH Financial Corporation (IMHFC), incorporated on December 22, 2009, is a real estate investor and finance company based in the southwest United States. The Company's segments include Hospitality and Entertainment Operations, which consists of two operating hotels in Sedona, Arizona with related spa, and food and beverage operations, and a golf course operation located in Bullhead City, Arizona with related spa, and food and beverage operations; Mortgage and real estate owned (REO)Legacy Portfolio and Other Operations, which consists of activities relating to the collection, workout and sale of new and legacy loans and REO assets, including financing of such asset sales; Commercial Real Estate Leasing Operations, which consists of a commercial medical office building located in Stafford, Texas, and Corporate and Other, which consists of the Company's centralized general and administrative, corporate treasury and deposit gathering activities, and interest expense associated with debt issuances.The Company's focus is to invest in, originate, manage and dispose of commercial real estate mortgage and related investments. It also focuses to perform functions related thereto, including developing, managing and either holding for investment or disposing of real property acquired through foreclosure, investment or other means.As of December 31, 2014, the Company's loan portfolio consisted of nine first mortgage loans. Of its nine outstanding loans as of December 31, 2014, the Company had three performing loans.

» Full Overview of IPO-IFC.N







					Company Address



IMH Financial Corp
7001 N Scottsdale Rd Ste 2050SCOTTSDALE   AZ   85253-3698
P: +1480.8408400F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Lawrence Bain

630,459




							 Samuel Montes

--




							 Jonathan Brohard

--




							 Greg Hanss

--




							 Ryan Muranaka

--




» More Officers & Directors





					IMH Financial Corp News




BRIEF-IMH Financial files for non-timely 10-K

Apr 03 2017 

» More IPO-IFC.N  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsConsumer Lending




















