 



Aravind Immaneni Named Fifth Third Bank Chief Operations and Technology Officer | Business Wire


























































Aravind Immaneni Named Fifth Third Bank Chief Operations and 
      Technology Officer












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Fifth Third Bank announced today that Aravind Immaneni will be joining the Bank effective Nov. 14, 2016, as executive vice president and chief operations and technology officer. Immaneni will report to President and CEO Greg D. Carmichael. (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Fifth Third Bank announced today that Aravind Immaneni will be joining the Bank effective Nov. 14, 2016, as executive vice president and chief operations and technology officer. Immaneni will report to President and CEO Greg D. Carmichael. (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














November 01, 2016 04:29 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fifth Third Bancorp (Nasdaq:FITB) announced today that Aravind Immaneni 
      will be joining the Bank effective Nov. 14, 2016, as executive vice 
      president and chief operations and technology officer. Immaneni will 
      report to President and CEO Greg D. Carmichael. He will be responsible 
      for all aspects of information technology and back-office operations at 
      the $143 billion bank.
    


      Immaneni has extensive experience in transforming businesses by 
      reinventing operations, technology and processes. He joins Fifth Third 
      from TD Bank, where he currently is head of Retail Distribution Strategy 
      & Operations. In that role, Immaneni has oversight for branch 
      operations, infrastructure, distribution strategy and transformation for 
      TD Bank’s 1,280-branch network from Maine to Florida. Prior to his 
      current role, he served as head of Retail Bank Operations, with 
      oversight for back-office operations, systems, loan origination and 
      underwriting for TD’s Consumer Bank.
    

      “We are excited to have an executive of Aravind’s caliber and seasoning 
      join Fifth Third in this role at this time,” Carmichael said. “In 
      addition to being able to contribute immediately to current lines of 
      business, Aravind also will put his extensive expertise and passion to 
      work on new initiatives under way to grow revenue, tightly manage 
      expenses and improve the customer experience.”
    

      Immaneni started his career with DuPont in 1997, serving in roles 
      spanning research, operations and marketing. He joined Capital One in 
      2002, holding senior leadership positions in National Direct Bank, 
      Deposit Operations & External Fraud, and Commercial & Small Business 
      Operations. In each role, he led significant transformation by 
      integrating process improvement and technology.
    

      Immaneni earned a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from 
      IIT-Madras and a doctorate from the University of Illinois at 
      Champaign-Urbana. He also graduated Palmer Scholar with an MBA from the 
      Wharton School of Business. He is a certified Six Sigma Master Black 
      Belt. Immaneni is also an avid ultra-distance athlete and is a two-time 
      Ironman finisher. He and his family will relocate to the Cincinnati area 
      from New Jersey.
    

      “I am thrilled to join the leadership team at Fifth Third,” Immaneni 
      said. “This is a terrific time to leverage my experience in operations 
      and technology at Fifth Third to help the Company achieve and exceed its 
      strategic objectives.”
    

      Fifth Third Bancorp is a diversified financial services company 
      headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. As of September 30, 2016, the Company 
      had $143 billion in assets and operates 1,191 full-service Banking 
      Centers, including 94 Bank Mart® locations, most open seven days a week, 
      inside select grocery stores and 2,497 ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, 
      Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Georgia and North 
      Carolina. Fifth Third operates four main businesses: Commercial Banking, 
      Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, and Wealth & Asset Management. Fifth 
      Third also has an 18.3% interest in Vantiv Holding, LLC. Fifth Third is 
      among the largest money managers in the Midwest and, as of September 30, 
      2016, had $314 billion in assets under care, of which it managed $27 
      billion for individuals, corporations and not-for-profit organizations. Investor 
      information and press 
      releases can be viewed at www.53.com. 
      Fifth Third’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ® Global Select Market 
      under the symbol “FITB.” Fifth Third Bank was established in 1858.
    

      Copyright © 2016. Fifth Third Bank, Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender, 
      All Rights Reserved.
    




Contacts

Fifth Third BancorpSameer Gokhale (Investors), 
      513-534-2219orLarry Magnesen (Media), 
      513-534-8055





















Contacts

Fifth Third BancorpSameer Gokhale (Investors), 
      513-534-2219orLarry Magnesen (Media), 
      513-534-8055









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Aravind Immaneni, Fifth Third Bancorp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Aravind Immaneni

Exec VP/Chief Operations & Technology Ofcr,
Fifth Third Bancorp






Career History




Exec VP/Chief Operations & Technology Ofcr
Fifth Third Bancorp, 11/2016-PRESENT


Head:Retail Distribution
Toronto Dominion Bank, FORMER









Website:
www.53.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Fifth Third Center
38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, OH 45263
United States


Phone:
1-800-972-3030


Fax:
1-513-534-6757


Web url:
www.53.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Illinois
Doctorate Degree


Indian Institute of Technology Madras
Bachelor's Degree








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Your service SUCKS. Your customer... - Aravind Immaneni | Facebook




FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?Sign UpTo see more from KitchenAid on Facebook, log in or create an account.Log InorSign UpTo see more from KitchenAid on Facebook, log in or create an account.Log InorSign UpNot Now   English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















































































Career Moves: Aravind Immaneni has joined Fifth Third Bancorp as executive VP | Business | indiawest.com



















You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article




































                                Home
                            



                                        About Us
                                    


                                        Contact Us
                                    


                                        Advertise With Us
                                    


                                        Subscription Services
                                    


                                        Submission Forms
                                    


                                        Local Weather
                                    





                                News
                            



                                        Business
                                    


                                        Global Indian
                                    


                                        India
                                    


                                        Technology
                                    





                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Bollywood
                                    


                                        Global
                                    


                                        Interviews
                                    


                                        Movie Reviews
                                    


                                        South Indian
                                    


                                        Television
                                    



                                Photos/Videos
                            




                                Sports
                            






                                Calendar
                            



                                        Northern California
                                    


                                        Southern California
                                    


                                        Other States
                                    





                                Life & Style
                            



                                        Health/Beauty
                                    


                                        Fashion
                                    


                                        Relationships
                                    


                                        Youth/Education
                                    


                                        Food
                                    


                                        Restaurants
                                    



                                Weddings
                            




                                Horoscope
                            




                                Classifieds
                            




                                Letters
                            




                                Blogs/Opinions
                            




                                Advertise With Us
                            


















































Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout























































Close




1 of 2
                    













Aravind Immaneni 





























































Rajesh Ramchandani 















































































        
        Career Moves: Aravind Immaneni has joined Fifth Third Bancorp as executive VP
    


Compiled by GIOVANNI ALBANESE Jr.

Dec 9, 2016
 0


























































Aravind Immaneni 



























Rajesh Ramchandani 




























































• Aravind Immaneni has joined Fifth Third Bancorp as executive VP, COO and CTO. Immaneni joins Fifth Third from TD Bank, where he most recently served as retail distribution strategy and operations. He also served as retail bank operations head at TD Bank. Immaneni also worked at DuPont and Capital One. He earned a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from IIT Madras and a doctorate from the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana. He also graduated Palmer Scholar with an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business.• SME has elected Ashok Kumar of the University of South Florida to its 2016 College of Fellows. Kumar is a professor in the mechanical engineering department at the University of South Florida. He holds a doctorate degree in materials science and engineering from North Carolina State University, Raleigh, and master’s and bachelor’s degrees in metallurgical engineering from IIT Kanpur.
• Fractal Analytics, one of the largest pure play providers of analytics, announced expansion and a new corporate structure. As part of this structure, Fractal will be organized into four distinct entities — Fractal Analytics, Customer Genomics and TrialRun, Cuddle.ai and Qure.ai. Pranay Agrawal, co-founder and chief client officer, will assume the role of CEO of Fractal Analytics. Srikanth Velamakanni, the former CEO of Fractal Analytics, now serves as the group chief executive and executive vice chairman, responsible for all four entities.• Cohen & Steers Inc. named Dr. Reena Aggarwal to the company's board of directors. Aggarwal currently serves as vice provost for faculty at Georgetown University. In addition, she serves as a professor of finance and the director of the Georgetown Center for Financial Markets and Policy at Georgetown's McDonough School of Business. She received a doctorate in finance from the University of Maryland and a master's from BITS in India.
• Accelerite, a provider of software for simplifying and securing enterprise infrastructure, named Rajesh Ramchandani GM of Accelerite’s cloud services and platforms. He will lead the company's next chapter of cloud infrastructure offerings to enable companies to quickly and easily build private and public enterprise clouds. Previously Ramchandani was the co-founder and VP of products at CumuLogic, as well as senior executive roles overseeing cloud technologies at global companies such as Oracle Corporation, Sun Microsystems and Wipro Infotech. He earned a bachelor's from Pune University.• ITT Inc. named Farrokh Batliwala as president of the company’s control technologies and interconnect solutions businesses. Batliwala, who joined ITT in 2015 as president of control technologies, previously held a number of increasingly responsible leadership positions at Eaton Corporation.• Thomas H. Lee Partners L.P. (“THL”), a private equity firm, named Jay H. Bhatt managing director in THL’s media, information services and technology group. Bhatt most recently was president and CEO at Blackboard Inc. Prior to that, he worked at Progress Software Corporation, Autodesk Inc., Bank of America Merrill Lynch and UBS Investment Bank. Bhatt holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from the UCLA School of Law.













































































×
Post a comment as 







Emoticons 


[smile]
[beam]
[wink]
[sad]
[cool]
[innocent]
[rolleyes]
[whistling]
[lol]
[huh]
[tongue]
[love]
[sleeping]
[yawn]
[unsure]
[angry]
[blink]
[crying]
[ohmy]
[scared]
[sleep]
[sneaky]
[tongue_smile]
[thumbdown]
[thumbup]
[censored]
[happybirthday]
[ban]
[spam]
[offtopic]
[batman]
[ninja]
[pirate]
[alien]



Comment Text





Cancel


Post comment













×
Report








Cancel


Report Abuse
















×

Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.








                            Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion
                        

                            Notifications from this discussion will be disabled.
                        



Cancel



Start watching
Stop watching












 (0) comments 
                            
                        





Welcome to the discussion.


Log In



Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.
PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.
Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.
Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.
Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.
Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.
Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.



Post a comment



Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.




































                
                Submit Your News
                
                    




We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Go to form






                
                Latest News
                
            







        

        
        After India Makes 600, Sri Lanka Slips to 154-5



        

        
        Mani Ratnam: ‘I Could Not Preserve Most of My Films’



        

        
        China's Top Diplomat Raises 'Major Problems' in Meeting with Doval



        

        
        Aap Ka Colors’ Detective Show ‘Dev’ to Take Off



        

        
        Prime Minister Modi Meets India’s Women’s Cricket Team



        

        
        USCIS to Resume H-1B Premium Processing for Certain Cap-Exempt Petitions



        

        
        ‘Toilet: Ek Prem Katha’ Criticized for Glorifying Stalking, Akshay Kumar Says Can’t Show Only Good



        

        
        Seema Verma Runs Medicaid. Her Husband’s Practice Won’t Accept It.







                
                Most Popular
                
            






 Articles


 Images


 Videos


 Commented




ArticlesZee TV Back with New Season of ‘Fear Files – Darr Ki Sacchi Tasveerein’Kumar Sanu’s Daughter Shannon K. Is Stepping into Her Father’s Shoes, But in HollywoodIndian Students Admitted to U.S. Universities Concerned about Physical SafetyUniversity of Missouri Team Develops Non-toxic Gold Nanoparticles for Ayurveda Treatment‘Runner’ in IRS Phone Scam Arrested for Bilking $360K from Elderly U.S. ResidentsIndian American Student Dances Her Way to ‘So You Think You Can Dance’NASA Ames Researcher Targeted in Apparent Hate Crime in Central CaliforniaMichigan Couple Charged with Soliciting Daughter’s Friends for Videotaped Sex‘Parmanu’ First Schedule Over, Hrithik Roshan Approached for Bhansali Film: Bollywood’s LatestIndian American Businesswoman in San Jose Pleads Guilty to Tech Worker Visa Fraud

Images























Videos


























































CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.








                
                Upcoming Events
                
                    







Jul
29





        

        
        SPIRITUAL EVENT - Pasadena, CA.



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 4:00 pm
        





Jul
29





        

        
        TELUGU KARAOKE – San Ramon, CA



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 6:00 pm
        





Jul
29





        

        
        DANCE PARTY – Portland, Oregon



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 9:00 pm
        





Jul
30





        

        
        RATH YATRA – San Francisco, CA



            Sun, Jul 30, 2017 @ 11:00 am
        





Jul
30





        

        
        COMEDY PLAY – Fullerton, CA



            Sun, Jul 30, 2017 @ 6:30 pm
        





Jul
31





        

        
        COMEDY PLAY – Norco, CA



            Mon, Jul 31, 2017 @ 7:30 pm
        




























































                
                Most Popular
                
            






 Articles


 Images


 Videos


 Commented




ArticlesZee TV Back with New Season of ‘Fear Files – Darr Ki Sacchi Tasveerein’Kumar Sanu’s Daughter Shannon K. Is Stepping into Her Father’s Shoes, But in HollywoodIndian Students Admitted to U.S. Universities Concerned about Physical SafetyUniversity of Missouri Team Develops Non-toxic Gold Nanoparticles for Ayurveda Treatment‘Runner’ in IRS Phone Scam Arrested for Bilking $360K from Elderly U.S. ResidentsIndian American Student Dances Her Way to ‘So You Think You Can Dance’NASA Ames Researcher Targeted in Apparent Hate Crime in Central CaliforniaMichigan Couple Charged with Soliciting Daughter’s Friends for Videotaped Sex‘Parmanu’ First Schedule Over, Hrithik Roshan Approached for Bhansali Film: Bollywood’s LatestIndian American Businesswoman in San Jose Pleads Guilty to Tech Worker Visa Fraud

Images























Videos


























































CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.



© Copyright 2017 India West, 933 MacArthur Blvd San Leandro, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.






















 


Aravind Immaneni on CrowdRise




































































Skip to content









Close System Alert Message











Aravind Immaneni




 Royalty Crests
						







 Comments
							





To leave a comment Login or Signup














About
Aravind Immaneni



        			                                Moorestown, 
			                            			                                NJ 
			                            			                                United States			                            									
CROWDRISING SINCE: Sep 07, 2014
Stuff About Me:
The person who created this page is probably preparing something riveting to post about everything they're doing to give back.  We recommend you sit at your computer and hit refresh over and over until their story goes live.  You should also scroll down and see if they have a fundraiser going so you can support 'em.


AravindImmaneni






VOTE


CR Impact Points
Click the VOTE button to give Aravind 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). Vote for the Volunteers and Fundraisers that are answering the call to service, raising money for charity, and making an impact for their causes. Come back and Vote every months.  CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status.


CR Impact Points
If you're seeing the grey VOTE button, you should feel great about yourself. It means you already voted for Aravind this month. Come back next month and vote again if you still love Aravind. Thanks to your vote, Aravind earned 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status.



6,250
Total Impact Points




$0
Money Raised




Share
This page





Share



Tweet




 


Donate
To a Fundraiser









Aravind Immaneni's Fundraisers








Ironman Augusta 70.3- Team S…

Amount Raised:
$0 


 

0% Raised of 
$5,000            
Goal





































Hey There!























IN PROGRESS
We're setting up your Fundraiser page right now. It will take anywhere from 3 seconds to 27 seconds.






















 



Aravind Immaneni Named Fifth Third Bank Chief Operations and Technology Officer | Fifth Third Bank




































































Menu






Search



Log In


























Aravind Immaneni Named Fifth Third Bank Chief Operations and Technology Officer


11/1/2016


Cincinnati - Fifth Third Bancorp (Nasdaq: FITB) announced today that Aravind Immaneni will be joining the Bank effective Nov. 14, 2016, as executive vice president and chief operations and technology officer. Immaneni will report to President and CEO Greg D. Carmichael. He will be responsible for all aspects of information technology and back-office operations at the $143 billion bank.
Immaneni has extensive experience in transforming businesses by reinventing operations, technology and processes. He joins Fifth Third from TD Bank, where he currently is head of Retail Distribution Strategy & Operations. In that role, Immaneni has oversight for branch operations, infrastructure, distribution strategy and transformation for TD Bank’s 1,280-branch network from Maine to Florida. Prior to his current role, he served as head of Retail Bank Operations, with oversight for back-office operations, systems, loan origination and underwriting for TD’s Consumer Bank.
“We are excited to have an executive of Aravind’s caliber and seasoning join Fifth Third in this role at this time,” Carmichael said. “In addition to being able to contribute immediately to current lines of business, Aravind also will put his extensive expertise and passion to work on new initiatives under way to grow revenue, tightly manage expenses and improve the customer experience.”
Immaneni started his career with DuPont in 1997, serving in roles spanning research, operations and marketing. He joined Capital One in 2002, holding senior leadership positions in National Direct Bank, Deposit Operations & External Fraud, and Commercial & Small Business Operations. In each role, he led significant transformation by integrating process improvement and technology.
Immaneni earned a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from IIT-Madras and a doctorate from the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana. He also graduated Palmer Scholar with an MBA from the Wharton School of Business. He is a certified Six Sigma Master Black Belt. Immaneni is also an avid ultra-distance athlete and is a two-time Ironman finisher. He and his family will relocate to the Cincinnati area from New Jersey.
“I am thrilled to join the leadership team at Fifth Third,” Immaneni said. “This is a terrific time to leverage my experience in operations and technology at Fifth Third to help the Company achieve and exceed its strategic objectives.”
 
About Fifth Third 
Fifth Third Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $143 billion in assets and operates 1,191 full-service Banking Centers, including 94 Bank Mart® locations, most open seven days a week, inside select grocery stores and 2,497 ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Georgia and North Carolina. Fifth Third operates four main businesses: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, and Wealth & Asset Management. Fifth Third also has an 18.3% interest in Vantiv Holding, LLC. Fifth Third is among the largest money managers in the Midwest and, as of September 30, 2016, had $314 billion in assets under care, of which it managed $27 billion for individuals, corporations and not-for-profit organizations. Investor information and press releases can be viewed at www.53.com. Fifth Third’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ® Global Select Market under the symbol “FITB.” Fifth Third Bank was established in 1858. Member FDIC,  Equal Housing Lender.











Leaving 53.com



You are leaving a Fifth Third website and will be going to a website operated by a third party which is not affiliated with Fifth Third Bank. That site has a privacy policy and security practices that are different from that of the Fifth Third website. Fifth Third and its affiliates are not responsible for the content on third parties.


Cancel
Continue







Sign up for Our Newsletters










Email Address







                                    Treasury At A Glance - Wholesale
                                 





                                    Treasury At A Glance - Business Banking
                                 





                                    Business Advisor - Wholesale
                                 





                                    Business Advisor - Business Banking
                                 





                                    Business Advisor
                                 





                                    Capital Markets Report
                                 




Cancel









Sign up for Our Newsletters










Email Address







                                     Capital Markets Bi-Weekly Newsletter
                                 
A bi-weekly newsletter that provides an overview of key trends and market conditions in the capital markets in which Fifth Third is active and engaged to help you better evaluate and manage the market risks that affect your business.



Cancel
















































 Aravind Immaneni | Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology | Pharma & Biotech Resources





























































 






Skip to main content




 
Sign In | Subscribe



















































Aravind Immaneni
Special guest speaker: Aravind joined TD Bank in February 2011 as head of Operations for the Deposits Business. His responsibilities include various operational functions that support the bank’s $170+ Billion in Deposits. He is also responsible for Distribution, Mail and Print services (Statements) for all businesses in TD Bank. Aravind also serves as the business owner for the core systems/infrastructure for Deposits and Statements.

	Aravind started his career in 1997 at DuPont where he spent 5 years in a variety of functions in Research, Operations & Marketing. He joined Capital One in 2002 in the core Process Improvement group. From 2002-2007 he held leadership roles in the Direct Marketing Center, Asia Supply Management and Capital One Direct Bank.  He joined the Capital One Retail Banking division in 2007 where he held leadership positions in Deposit Operations & External Fraud and Commercial & Small Business Operations. Aravind got his BS in Chemical Engineering from IIT-Madras in 1992, and a PhD from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1997.  He also has an MBA from the Wharton Business School, where he graduated with the highest academic honor of “Palmer Scholar”. Aravind is a certified Six Sigma Master Black Belt.

	Aravind lives in Moorestown, NJ with his wife of 15 years, Nina and 12 year old daughter Anna. In his spare time, he enjoys endurance sports, in particular long course triathlons and recently completed his first full Ironman race 















      EVENTS OF INTEREST    






 Cult X: Cannabis Cultivation Excellence


 The Marker San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, United States 
 July 31 - 1, 2017 
 Register Now | 
View Agenda| 
Learn More  



 Next Gen Research Labs


 Hyatt Regency Cleveland at The Arcade, Cleveland, OH, United States 
 August 20 - 22, 2017 
 Register Now | 
View Agenda| 
Learn More  



 13th Compound Management & Integrity Summit 2017


 Wyndham Philadelphia Historic District, Philadelphia, PA, United States 
 August 27 - 29, 2017 
 Register Now | 
View Agenda| 
Learn More  

 



      RECENT ACTIVITY    




 Recently I attended one of your conferences in London, "Clinically Relevant Drug Tran...  

 Hi Folks, I have a basic question. If I am using a contract manufacturing organization to...  

 What does GCP & GLP means  

 










 
 

