
Immune Therapeutics Inc (IMUN.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Immune Therapeutics Inc (IMUN.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				IMUN.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.05USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+4.30%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.05


Open

$0.05




Day's High

$0.05


Day's Low

$0.05




Volume

37,430


Avg. Vol

869,178




52-wk High

$0.16


52-wk Low

$0.03












					Full Description



Immune Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company. The Company is involved in the manufacturing, distribution and marketing of therapies to combat chronic, life-threatening diseases through the activation and modulation of the body's immune system using its patented immunotherapy. The Company's products and immunotherapy technologies are designed to improve the treatment of cancer, infections, such as human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/acquired immuno deficiency syndrome (AIDS), chronic inflammatory diseases and autoimmune diseases. The Company's technology platform is built on various immunotherapies, such as Low Dose Naltrexone (LDN) and Methionine-Enkephalin (MENK). The Company's technology offers treatment for a range of cancers. The Company's clinical programs involve immunotherapy with Methionine-Enkephalin (MENK) (sometimes referred to as opioid growth factor (OGF)) and its LDN product or LodonalTM, which stimulates the immune system even in patients with advanced cancer. The Phase II clinical trials of MENK/OFG indicated evidence for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, as well as anti-cancer activity in kaposi sarcoma, lung, melanoma, ovarian, cervical, head and neck, pancreatic, liver and renal cancer. MENK/OFG has been found to have immunostimulating and immuno-regulating effects. MENK/OFG has been used to treat various autoimmune conditions in human subjects, including multiple sclerosis, uveitis, behcet's syndrome, and optic neuritis. LDN is used as an immune modulator. Lodonal/LDN works by managing levels of endorphins (peptides produced in the brain and adrenal glands).The Company competes with Abbott Laboratories, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Biogen Idec, Bayer, Elan, Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Takeda, Novartis, Pfizer, Reata, Sanofi-Aventis, Teva, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Incyte, UCB Pharma, Protalex, Inc., Akorn Inc., Chelsea Therapeutics Inc., MAP Pharmaceuticals Inc., Pain Therapeutics Inc., Rexahn Pharmaceuticals Inc., Santarus Inc., Ventrus Biosciences Inc. and XenoPort Inc.

» Full Overview of IMUN.PK







					Company Address



Immune Therapeutics Inc
37 N Orange Ave Ste 607ORLANDO   FL   32801-2439
P: +1407.6803097F: +1407.6418668







					Company Web Links











					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Nicholas Plotnikoff

--




							 Noreen Griffin

399,281




							 Peter Aronstam

90,000




							 Christopher Pearce

303,961




							 Joseph Fortunak

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Immune Therapeutics Inc News




» More IMUN.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research









































 



 Immune Therapeutics Inc. CEO Issues Letter to Shareholders Highlighting Significant Progress 
         










    










 






 











 









Immune Therapeutics Inc. CEO Issues Letter to Shareholders Highlighting Significant Progress

Jan 05, 2015, 10:00 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Immune Therapeutics Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


ORLANDO, Fla., Jan. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Immune Therapeutics Inc. (OTCBB: IMUN), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of targeted immune  therapies, announced today that its Chief Executive Officer Noreen Griffin issued a letter to shareholders highlighting the significant progress the company has made toward its vision of becoming a leading developer of immune therapies.  
As we come to the end of 2014, I want to provide an overview of the accomplishments and the significant strides that Immune Therapeutics, Inc. is making toward our vision of becoming a leading developer of targeted immunotherapies. 
Like you, I have been disappointed, as our stock price has continued to decline.  We are getting calls from shareholders and it is clear that there is a lot of concern and confusion. As some shareholders are only watching the stock price and consider no other information, it is easy to listen to rumors or to assume the worst.  As you read the following overview, you can see why we believe that our stock does not at all reflect the underlying value of the company. 
Among other things, I will discuss the significant potential of our lead product candidate, Lodonal, in emerging nations, which we believe is one of the primary value drivers for Immune Therapeutics.  In addition, I will discuss the current status of the clinical trial process for Cytocom Inc.'s product candidates, IRT-103 (LDN) and IRT-101 (MENK).  
2014 Highlights: 

Immune Therapeutics developed an oral adult low dose (1mg; 3mg; 4.5mg/day) formulation and pediatric oral liquid formulation (0.1 mg/kg/day) of Low Dose Naltrexone (LDN).  Formulations are required for Phase III trials and this work took most of 2014.   This drug will be used in all trials both in the US and overseas. 
In December 2014, the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) in Nigeria granted us permission, with Dr. Afonja as principal investigator, to begin a 90-day bridging trial for HIV/AIDS. The objective of this bridging trial is to assure safety and tolerability as well as efficacy with the local population.  The estimated completion date of this bridging trial is April 2015. 
In December 2014, we finalized the spin off of Cytocom to our shareholders. As part of the transaction, we retained exclusive rights to all international patents, in-country approvals, formulations, trademarks, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and distributions rights in emerging nations, including Africa, Central America, South America, Russia, India, China, Far East, and The Commonwealth of Independent States (former Soviet Union).  
Immune Therapeutics will continue to have access to existing clinical data as well as any new data generated by Cytocom during drug development 
In December of 2014, we finalized the issuance of 126,868,174 shares of Cytocom common stock to our shareholders of record that provided evidence of share ownership by December 8, 2014.   In addition, Cytocom issued 140,000,000 shares of its common stock to Immune Therapeutics, which has allowed us to retain a 51% stake in Cytocom until such time as the funding for Cytocom closes.    
In July 2014, the Republic of Malawi approved Lodonal as an adjunct for the treatment of Cancer. The Brewer Group, Inc., a strategic partner, paid for the first shipment of Lodonal for Malawi but was unable to ship the drugs due to issues with the importation of Lodonal into Malawi.  Those issues have been resolved and The Brewer Group and PanAm Global Logistics, Inc., a company that will purchase and distribute Lodonal, will be able to ship Lodonal in January of 2015. 
In May of 2014, we presented to audiences of doctors and scientists at the Pan-African Medical Doctors & Healthcare Conference immunotherapy solutions that enhance immune health such as, Low Dose Naltrexone, and LDN was accepted and endorsed by the healthcare professionals at the conference.  The endorsement by leading doctors is an important part of our overall strategy. 
2015 Strategic Goals: 

New Management Team:  Negotiations with members of an experienced management team are virtually complete. The new management is expected to begin by the middle of January of 2014. 
Conference Attendance: We intend to participate in a number of conferences both domestically and internationally about the value of Lodonal as an immunomodulator for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and cancer.  These conferences include VI Annual World Congress on Anti-Aging Medicine (A4M) in Mexico City February 13, 14 and 15, the 4th International Conference and Exhibition on Immunology in September in Houston Texas, The Complementary & Alternative Cancer Therapies conference February 26-28, in West Palm Beach, Florida, the Academy of Integrative Health & Medicine in San Diego California October 24 - 29, and the 23rd Annual World Congress on Anti-Aging Medicine, May 6-9, in Hollywood Florida.  We believe attendance at these conferences will help generate sales.    
International Regulatory Approval for Lodonal in 2015: We expect to obtain regulatory approval for Lodonal in some of the following countries in 2015: South Africa, Angola, Niger, Gabon, Egypt, Sri Lanka, and China. We believe the process will take between 4 to 12 months depending on the local authorities. 
Establish Partnerships in Africa:  Our goal is to establish partnerships in Africa with large employers that maintain onsite clinics; there is increasing recognition that health creates wealth and advances GDP.  HIV and AIDS have had an enormous negative impact on labor and productivity. The vast majority of people living with HIV in Africa are of working age 15-49 years old.  We believe that Lodonal can be used as a prophylactic to avoid many of the standard opportunistic infections accompanied with HIV and cancer. 
Funding Cytocom Clinical Trials:  If sales are sufficient, our  goal in 2015 is to commit financial resources to help fund Cytocom's clinical trials in the US to validate the use of LDN in a number of various indications.  
Clinical Studies:

We have spent the last 12 months obtaining approval from Nigeria and Malawi to begin our clinical development program for Lodonal. As indicated above, NAFDAC in Nigeria granted us permission to begin a 90-day bridging trial for HIV/AIDS and we expect to commence a 120-day bridging trial for cancer in the first quarter of 2015 in the Republic of Malawi. 
On the regulatory front, Cytocom has held constructive dialogue with the FDA with respect to appropriate trial designs and study protocols for IRT-103 and IRT-101. 
Cytocom's immediate focus will be on Crohn's Disease both in children and adults and we expect recruitment in both pharmacokinetic (PK) and Dosing Trials for IRT-103 (LDN) to begin this year. 
In addition to the trial design, we recently initiated a Toxicologist and PK study in China for IRT-101 for the purpose of furthering our understanding of the effect of the pharmacokinetics of IRT-101. This will allow us to better understand the potential for drug interactions to further optimize treatment for Phase 3 development of IRT-101 for cancer in both the US and China. 
In addition, the Company expects to begin a bridging trial for cancer in Malawi within the first quarter of 2015. 
Our Strategy for Growth:

Over the past several months, we have worked aggressively to build the business both upward and outward. We have worked to build Immune Therapeutics into a multi-faceted leader in immuno therapies by exploring opportunities beyond HIV/AIDS and cancer in emerging nations. 
Our goal and strategic vision is to build a diverse pipeline and to develop and commercialize novel drug treatments to improve the lives of patients suffering from chronic often life-threating disease. 
To fulfill these near-term and long-term goals, we are happy to report that we have obtained a loan commitment for up to two million dollars of which the first half a million-dollar tranche closed in December 2014 and we expect the remaining funds to close by the end of January of 2015. The loan is straight debt and does not convert into equity and will be repaid from revenue over the next three years. 
This loan is transformational for the company. It has allowed us to move ahead with our strategic goals to obtain international regulatory approval throughout Africa and other emerging nations.   
We anticipate revenues in 2015 from a number of sources including revenues from fees from the use of our formulation and patents and the sale of Lodonal in Nigeria, Malawi and Equatorial Guinea. 
While we continue to execute this strategy in a capital efficient manner, we plan to fuel the growth of our company by evaluating strategic financing options as well as licensing opportunities that will increase shareholder value. 
The Growth of Immune Therapeutics:

Finally, we have made an effort to build visibility and positive awareness of Immune Therapeutics by presenting at key investor and industry conferences internationally. As a complement to our ongoing partnering efforts, we are committed to enhancing communications with key investor groups in an effort to increase shareholder value by building appreciation for the Immune Therapeutics story. 
Upon the completion of the bridging trial in Nigeria, we will be able to "fast track" the approval process in a number of African Nations that will accept NAFDAC approval of Lodonal for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. 
Why HIV/AIDS? 
HIV/AIDS still remains one of the three global public health threats. This disease results in substantial morbidity, mortality, negative socioeconomic consequences, and human suffering. Despite the significant increase in financial support and recent progress in addressing HIV/AIDS, many obstacles and unmet priorities remain. 
Disease-specific interventions must be developed to ensure successful treatments of this disease.  Apart from human suffering, the associated high adult mortality caused by HIV/AIDS, negatively impacts the socioeconomic development in some countries, especially in Nigeria and South Africa. 
Adopting a treatment regimen for life that involves taking daily medication with potential side effects, presents many challenges that must be overcome if patients are to successfully remain on treatment. If drug resistance occurs through failure to adhere to antiretroviral treatments (ARVs), far more expensive second line therapy may be necessary. In some cases drug-resistant strains of HIV are transmitted, which can impact national treatment programs. Drug resistance has been found to be more prevalent the longer a country has provided antiretroviral therapies.  
We believe Lodonal can provide an alternative in areas where patients have stopped taking their therapies due to side effects, or cost; Lodonal has been shown in trials to lessen the toxic side effects of ARVs.  In those areas of the country where people must travel monthly for a medical check up (and lose a day's pay) Lodonal can cost-effectively provide the ability to slow the progression of the disease without any toxic side effects.  
Nigeria:  In Nigeria, over 3.6 million people are living with HIV/AIDS, with the annual number of new infections for adults at 323,000 and 57,000 for children. Currently, only 600,000 people receive HIV treatment.  The number of people living with HIV is only an estimate, as very few Nigerians know their HIV status.  
South Africa:  Based on a wide range of data including the household and antenatal studies, UNAIDS estimated that HIV prevalence was 17.3% among 15-49 year olds at the end of 2011. The high and low estimates were 16.6% and 18.1%, respectively. This implies that around 5.6 million South Africans were living with HIV at the end of 2011, including 460,000 children under 15 years old.  By October 2012, only two million people were receiving ARVs.  Again, the biggest problem is compliance, as people are required to take pills, 2 to 3 times a day at specific times and many times with food with considerable toxic side effects. Lodonal in contrast is taken only once per day, does not have to be taken with food, and has no toxic side effects.
Why an adjunct to cancer treatment?
Cancer is now one of the leading causes of death in developing countries. Already there are more deaths in the world from cancer than from AIDS, TB and Malaria combined. Specifically in Africa, facilities for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer are minimal and in most cases there aren't any cancer control programs in place. 
It is estimated that sub-Saharan Africa will see approximately a million new cancer cases this year and it is predicted that the number of new cases will double within the next decade. Additionally, due to low cancer awareness in Africa, it is estimated 80% of all patients with cancer will not be seen until the cancer is in the advanced stage of the disease.  
Even if the cancers were detected in the early stages, there is inadequate access to effective treatment.  Therefore, there is an urgent need of safe, effect low cost treatments especially when you have to consider that anyone on chemotherapy must have a healthy immune system. 
In Conclusion
As we continue to execute on our corporate strategy, I would like to thank you personally for your continued support of Immune Therapeutics' management team, development strategy, and corporate vision. We plan to provide regular updates on key clinical milestones, management changes and other corporate developments and look forward to sharing our successes with you, our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Noreen Griffin 
About the Company
The Company is a biotechnology company working to combat chronic, life-threatening diseases through the activation and modulation of the body's immune system using our patented and licensed immunotherapy. Our immunotherapies are designed to harness the power of the immune system to improve the treatment of cancer, infections such as HIV/AIDS, chronic inflammatory diseases, and autoimmune diseases.
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This press release includes various "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Statements containing expressions such as "believes," "anticipates," "intends," or "expects," used in this press release and in Disclosure Statements and Reports filed with the Over The Counter Markets through the OTC Disclosure and News Service are intended to identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to materially differ from those anticipated in the statements. The most significant of these uncertainties are described in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.. Although we believe our expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, there can be no assurances that actual results will not differ materially from expected results. We caution that these and similar statements included in this press release are further qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof.
Contact: Dennis S. Dobson President and CEO Dobson Media Group andInternational Investor Relations Services Inc. 203-258-0159 
 SOURCE  Immune Therapeutics Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 08, 2015, 10:00 ET
Preview: The Jack Brewer Foundation and Immune Therapeutics Inc. Announce Medical Equipment Donation Program for the Prevention of Cervical Cancer in Africa to be Unveiled Today at the United Nations






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




















 



 Immune Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Agreement with KRS Global Biotechnology, Inc. 
         










    










 






 











 









Immune Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Agreement with KRS Global Biotechnology, Inc.

Jan 23, 2015, 09:46 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Immune Therapeutics, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


ORLANDO, Fla. and DUBLIN, Jan. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Immune Therapeutics, Inc. today announced the signing of the agreement with KRS Global Biotechnology, Inc. for the compounding, packaging and distributing of its naltrexone tablets.  The tablets will be compounded for shipment in the United States. 
KRS Global is a 503B FDA approved Outsourcing Facility capable of compounding naltrexone tablets in various strengths for individual patients in response to a prescription from a licensed physician.  
Immune Therapeutics has exclusive proprietary and legal rights licenses and patents for Low Dose Naltrexone for the following indications: Crohn's Disease, IBS and inflammatory diseases, prostate cancer, lymph proliferative syndrome, including such diseases as malignant lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's lymphoma, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, infectious diseases such as chronic herpes virus infections, including chronic genital herpes caused by the herpes simplex virus, Type 2, Fibromyalgia, Parkinson, chronic infections due to the Epstein-Barr virus, and chronic inflammatory conditions including chronic fatigue syndrome, a treatment method for humans infected with HTLV-III (AIDS) virus, including patients clinically diagnosed as suffering from AIDS, and those suffering from AIDS-related complex (ARC).
Seth Elliott, President and Chief Operating Officer of Immune Therapeutics, stated, "This agreement with KRS Global will help people looking to purchase a formulated product while protecting Immune Therapeutics' intellectual property.  We expect that the payments to Immune Therapeutics under the agreement with KRS Global will allow the company to provide funds to Cytocom Inc. so they can complete clinical trials with the FDA for Low Dose Naltrexone in Crohn's Disease, MS, HIV/AIDS, in addition to other indications."
KRS Global is a recognized leader in pharmaceutical compounding, helping Physicians and Veterinarians with medicine precisely customized for each individual patient.  Very few compounding pharmacies in the nation have implemented the quality control standards performed at its facility. Their on-site testing, sterilization and formulations allow KRS Global to provide patients with exactly what they expect to receive from their hospital; a compounded preparation that can be trusted. For more information about KRS Global visit www.GBTBIO.com. 
The information contained herein is general in nature and is intended for use only as an informational aid. It does not cover all possible uses, actions, precautions, side effects, or interactions of Low Dose Naltrexone, nor is the information intended as medical advice or diagnosis for individual health problems. 
Low Dose Naltrexone has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is not made under the FDA's GMP requirements. It is compounded in a licensed compounding pharmacy. The compound is for the use of an individual patient who has been prescribed Low Dose Naltrexone by a licensed physician.  The information contained herein is not intended for making an evaluation as to suitability, risks or benefits. Before taking any action, consult your Physician.
About Immune Therapeutics, Inc.
We are a biotechnology company working to combat chronic, life-threatening diseases through the activation and modulation of the body's immune system using our patented immunotherapy. Our products and immunotherapy technologies are designed to harness the power of the immune system to improve the treatment of cancer, infections such as HIV/AIDS, chronic inflammatory diseases, and autoimmune diseases.
Our proprietary technology, therapies and patents include the treatment of a wide range of cancers. Our most advanced clinical programs involve immunotherapy with met-enkephalin (MENK) (sometimes referred to as opioid growth factor) and our Low Dose Naltrexone product (LDN) or Lodonal™, which have been shown to stimulate the immune system even in patients with advanced cancer.
Even though management considers any condition that results in altered-immune response a target for investigation, we will most likely pursue additional investigations for MENK and LDN as valuable candidates in the treatment of autoimmune states such as rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis; as an adjunct in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy, radiation treatments or surgery; and as a complement to antibiotics in the treatment of a variety of infectious diseases, including patients with HIV/AIDS, in combination with retroviral drug therapy.
About Cytocom Inc.
Cytocom Inc. is a biotechnology company that will initially focus on developing LDN (Lodonal™) and MENK in the investigation of unmet medical needs in the areas of oncological and inflammatory diseases.
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This announcement contains statements, which constitute "forward-looking statements."  Forward-looking statements include any statements related to the agreement with KRS Global, and are generally identified by words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "will," "may," "continue," "should" and other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Immune Therapeutics, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking statements. As a result, recipients should not rely on such forward-looking statements. Subject to compliance with applicable law and regulations, Immune Therapeutics does not intend to update these forward-looking statements and does not undertake any obligation to do so.
Contact: Dennis S. Dobson President and CEO Dobson Media Group andInternational Investor Relations Services Inc. 203-258-0159www.dobsonmediagroup.com 
 SOURCE  Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 26, 2015, 15:44 ET
Preview: ClearTrust, LLC is Immune Therapeutics' New Transfer Agent and Support Provider













Jan 21, 2015, 10:00 ET
Preview: Immune Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Appointment of New Director and Acceptance of Election by Director






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




1:53 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































10-Q: IMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









12:33 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
                                





 
12:20 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7/28


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7/28


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
7/28


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: IMMUNE THERAPEUTICS, INC.
    








    By

Published: Nov 14, 2014 11:20 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those set forth on the forward-looking statements as a result of the risks set forth in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, general economic conditions, and changes in the assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements.  General  TNI BioTech, Inc. ("we" or the "Company") was initially incorporated in Florida on December 2, 1993 as Resort Clubs International, Inc. ("Resort Clubs") to manage and market golf course properties in resort markets throughout the United States. Galliano International Ltd. ("Galliano") was incorporated in Delaware on May 27, 1998 and began trading in November 1999 through the filing of a 15C-211. On November 10, 2004, Galliano merged with Resort Clubs. Resort Clubs was the surviving corporation. On August 23 2010, Resort Clubs changed its name to pH Environmental, Inc. ("pH Environmental"). On April 23, 2012, pH Environmental completed a name change to TNI BioTech, Inc., and on April 24, 2012 the Company executed a share exchange agreement for the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of TNI BioTech IP, Inc.  The Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and autoimmune diseases by combating these chronic and often life-threatening diseases through the activation and rebalancing of the body's immune system. The Company has been developing active and adoptive forms of immunotherapies through the acquisition of patents, Investigational New Drug applications and clinical data and all proprietary technical information, know-how, procedures, protocols, methods, prototypes, designs, data and reports, which are not readily available to others through public means, and which are owned, generated or developed through experiments or testing by Dr. Plotnikoff, Professor Shan, Dr. Bernard Bihari, Dr. Ian Zagon, Dr. Jill Smith, Dr. Patricia J. McLaughlin and Moshe Rogosnitzky. The Company currently has offices in Frederick, Maryland, White Plains, New York and Orlando, Florida.  Business Strategy  The Company's short-term business strategy focuses on several key areas described below, all of which are being undertaken simultaneously.  ? Commencing by the end of the third quarter of 2014, the distribution of low-dose naltrexone ("IRT 103 LDN") to support the large scale treatment in emerging nations, initially in Africa and Central/South America as an immune-stimulating therapy for HIV/AIDS, cancer, autoimmune disease and immune disorders;  ? Commencing by the end of the second quarter of 2014, the distribution of IRT-103 LDN marketed under the name Lodonal(TM) through various distribution agreements;  ? Outsourcing of the manufacturing of IRT-103 LDN to Laboratorios Ramos in Managua, Nicaragua to provide IRT 103 LDN in capsule, tablet and/or cream form, throughout Africa and expanding to other developing nations (Laboratorios Ramos has already produced IRT 103 LDN, and the Company will commence shipments when all regulatory approvals have been received in Africa for the importation of IRT 103 LDN); and  ? Continuing the cooperative venture with the Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Company ("Qianjiang Pharmaceutical") pursuant to which Qianjiang Pharmaceutical will provide the funding required for the clinical trials of the Company's products in China in exchange for the Company providing exclusive licensing rights in China (with the Company expecting to receive 6% of the gross revenue from sales of those products in China).  To further the business strategy, the Company has entered into relationships with a number of groups to promote the sale of its products outside the U.S., focusing initially on countries in Africa and Central/South America. They include: the Brewer Group, Inc. (the "Brewer Group"); GB Oncology & Imaging Group, LLC ("GBOIG"); American Hospitals and Resorts Limited ("AHAR"), an advanced surgical and medical facility, as well as a number of U.S. doctors that own and operate clinics in the U.S. and Nigeria.  The Brewer Group is an international business advisory firm engaged in the business of identifying and capitalizing on opportunities with international governments, non-government organizations and professional athletes. The CEO of The Brewer Group is also the founder and Executive Director of The Jack Brewer Foundation. The Jack Brewer Foundation seeks to provide the Company with medical equipment where it is needed. Under the Engagement Agreement for Corporate Advisory Services dated February 5, 2013 (the "Engagement Agreement"), the Brewer Group agreed to evaluate the Company's options for expansion and growth into certain international markets, including Africa and, upon request, markets in Haiti, the Dominican Republic and/or Panama. Pursuant to the Engagement Agreement, the Brewer Group agreed to endorse the Company publicly and assist the Company in securing strategic partnership deals to enhance brand and market awareness. The initial term of the Engagement Agreement was 12 months, with an option for either party to terminate upon 30 calendar days with written notice to the other party. The Engagement Agreement has been extended through February 2015. The Company issued the Brewer Group 500,000 shares of its common stock in accordance with the Engagement Agreement.  GBOIG, a subsidiary of GB Energie LLC, is a Washington D.C. based business managed by Dr. Gloria B. Herndon, a former director of the Company. Dr. Herndon is committed to sourcing sustainable solutions in the field of health care in Africa, and has been involved since the 1990s on health-care related issues in Africa. The Company and GBOIG are working with the ministries of health in African countries to provide better access to and public awareness of the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of cancer and chronic infectious diseases. The Company plans to work with onsite clinics to complete patient assessments at little or no cost and prescribe treatments used to stimulate the immune system of the patients with various chronic diseases, especially HIV/AIDS and/or cancer.  In September 2012, the Company announced an agreement to open an outpatient's clinic at Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital in Malawi for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases with GBOIG. Once the facility is operational, AHAR has agreed to assist in the operation of the clinic in Malawi and the implementation of the Company's therapies. The contract with the Republic of Malawi calls for delivery of 25,000 pills a day, increasing to 500,000 pills a day within 24 months. On April 16, 2014, The Malawi Pharmacy, Medicines and Poisons Board, the drug regulator authority of the government of Malawi, approved the marketing and sale of the Company's LDN product in Malawi. The Company expects to commence sales and operations in Malawi before the end of 2014.  In October 2013, the Company announced the signing of an exclusive distribution agreement with AHAR Pharma, a Nigerian company, to market Lodonal(TM), in Nigeria for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and cancer. Dr. Richard Afonja formed AHAR Pharma in 2013 for the sole purpose of marketing the Company's therapies. Dr. Afonja is a Hematologist/Oncologist and the Founder and CEO of a number of medical operations in both the United States and Nigeria for the treatment of cancer and blood disorders. AHAR Pharma intends to distribute Lodonal(TM) through a local distributor network, an Internet client base and directly to hospitals, pharmacists and doctors in Nigeria. The Company expects to implement the agreement in 2014, and expects to treat up to 500,000 patients per day within a year of implementation.  On October 18, 2012, the Company and Qianjiang Pharmaceutical signed a Venture Cooperation Agreement on New Drug Methionine Enkephalin (the "Venture Agreement") pursuant to which Qianjiang Pharmaceutical acquired an exclusive license for the production of MENK in China. The Venture Agreement requires that Qianjiang Pharmaceutical conduct drug research and pilot testing for MENK, organize pre-clinical studies, and apply for clinical trials for MENK with the Chinese State Food and Drug Administration. Under the Venture Agreement, Qianjiang Pharmaceutical must open a co-administration account for the development of MENK in China. Qianjiang Pharmaceutical must pay the Company, upon the marketing of MENK products, a half-year amount equaling 6% of its gross sales from MENK of the preceding half year. The Company signed a Supplementary Agreement in March 2014, obligating the Company to provide to Qianjiang Pharmaceutical the Company's research materials, data and trial results to date so that Qianjiang Pharmaceutical can begin conducting basic studies and clinical trials in China. Under the Venture Agreement, as amended, Qianjiang Pharmaceutical will fund the subsequent studies in China. On August 6, 2014, the Company entered into a Supplementary Agreement on New Drug Methionine - Enkephalin Cooperation (the "Amendment") with Qianjiang Pharmaceutical, amending the Venture Agreement, as amended. The parties executed the Amendment to accelerate clinical trials in both the United States and China, and agreed to immediately initiate three month Good Laboratory Practice ("GLP") Toxicology Studies (rat and dog) within 30 days of signing the Amendment. The Amendment requires that the GLP Toxicology Studies Trials are conducted in China in accordance with international standards and standards acceptable to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Pursuant to the Amendment, Qianjiang Pharmaceutical will make certain funds available from the co-administrative account, opened by Qianjiang Pharmaceutical pursuant to the Venture Agreement, in accordance with an approved budget and timeline set forth in the Amendment. A portion of these funds are expected to be used by Cytocom Inc. to run PK and Dosing trials for MENK in the United States.  In February 2013, the Company entered into a Strategic Framework Agreement with Qianjiang Pharmaceutical. The agreement calls for the parties to co-develop new cancer drugs based on the Company's patents and licenses involving MENK, which when approved will be marketed in China under the brand name IRT-101 and IRT-102.  On August 6, 2014, Professor Fengping Shan Ph.D., a former member of the Company's Board of Directors, executed an Assignment pursuant to which he transferred his entire right, title and interest in and to the following listed Patents and/or Patent Applications in China to the Company: (1) CN 200710158742.7 Met-enkephalin, its application in in treating leukemia and other blood cancers; (2) CN 200710051586.4 Met-enkephalin, its application in preparation of human and animal vaccine; (3) CN 200610046249.1 A nasal spray formulation containing Met-enkephalin; (4) CN 201210290150.1 Low dose naltrexone, combined with MENK, its application in preparation of anticancer drug; (5) CN 201210302259.2 Low dose naltrexone, combined with MENK, its application in preparation of leukophoresis for anticancer; (6) CN 200810229085.5 Conpound met-enkephalin as a drug for colon cancer and pancreatic cancer using a method of by isolating and enriching a patient's own immune cells and following an enriching external incubation are transfused back into the patient thereby providing the patient with a passive immunity containing large amounts of auto-amplified immune cells that combat cancer cells; (7) CN 200910011030.1 Naltrexone; and (8) CN 201210302259 Application of combination of low-dose naltrexone and methionine-enkephalin to preparation of anti-cancer drug.  The Company is focused on our lead therapies designed for the treatment of cancer, HIV/AIDS, Crohn's disease, fibromyalgia and multiple sclerosis. Management believes the pharmaceutical industry is eager to acquire advanced clinical-phase and approved products. However, despite the strong demand for advanced clinical-phase products, nearly 4,000 known compounds have had their development suspended in phase II or earlier. Many of these are promising therapeutic drug candidates, but their development was discontinued because of strategic or financial constraints rather than for clinical reasons. Therefore, management believes there are clear market opportunities with a significant amount of unmet needs and a robust potential for partnering activities.  Distribution and Production  The Company has entered into a contract for the supervision and inspection of manufacturing processes with ViPharma. The supervision and manufacturing agreement provides ViPharma with exclusive rights to supervise and inspect all manufacturing processes of IRT-103 LDN in Latin America. The initial term of the agreement is ten years commencing in September 2013, with automatic five-year renewal terms provided neither party is in breach. The agreement may be terminated by (i) mutual agreement, (ii) in the event of a breach after a 45 day cure period or (iii) by either party upon provision of written notice at least 90 days before the end of the agreement, provided however that if the Company terminates the agreement without cause it will be required to pay ViPharma a $10 million penalty.  The Company executed a manufacturing agreement with Laboratorios Ramos, a facility meeting the U.S. Food and Drug Administration enforced Current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations ("cGMP"), for IRT-103 LDN effective August 16, 2013. Under the agreement, Laboratorios Ramos will produce IRT 103 LDN tablets, capsules and/or cream in accordance with the technical specifications provided by the Company, cGMPs and the practices of Nicaragua and of any other regulatory body of the countries where the products will be exported. Laboratorios Ramos has obtained all permits and licenses necessary to carry out the manufacturing of IRT 103 LDN.  The manufacturing agreement has a five-year term, renewable by a signed agreement by the parties at least 60 days before the expiration of the agreement. The agreement may be terminated earlier through mutual agreement or upon expiration of a 30-day cure period following notice from the non-breaching party to the breaching party of a material failure of the obligations under the agreement. Additionally, the Company may terminate the agreement upon at least 30 days written notice if Laboratorios Ramos does not act in strict accordance with the technical specifications provided by the Company and with cGMPs or those of any regulatory body of the importing countries. The Company will pay Laboratorios Ramos a low single digit cent amount per tablet or capsule and a low double-digit cent amount per each cream produced.  In October 2013, the Company announced the signing of a distribution agreement with AHAR Pharma, a Nigerian company, to market Lodonal(TM), in Nigeria for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and cancer. The agreement gives AHAR Pharma exclusive rights to sell to customers in the private sector, and non-exclusive rights to sell to customers in the public sector, AHAR Pharma intends to distribute Lodonal(TM) through a local distributor network, an Internet client base and directly to hospitals, pharmacists and doctors in Nigeria. Under the agreement, the Company is obligated to provide delivery of an initial supply of between 0.5 million and 1.0 million doses of Lodonal(TM) product per day to cover AHAR Pharma's purchase commitments in 2015.  On June 11, 2014, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Airmed Biopharma Limited ("Airmed"), entered into a Distribution Agreement with PanAm Global Logistics, Inc. ("Distributor") pursuant to which Distributor will purchase from Airmed low-dose naltrexone under the name Lodonal(TM) for resale in Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Guatemala, Panama, Venezuela, Republic of Malawi, and Egypt, and such other countries as may be added in accordance with the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Airmed agreed to supply Lodonal(TM) to Distributor for a price of $1.00 per pill ($30 per carton) at a twenty-five percent discount. The term of the agreement is five years and may be extended for an additional five-year period, subject to agreement between the parties on certain target sales requirements for the additional five-year term. Simultaneously with the execution of the agreement, Distributor purchased five thousand cartons of Lodonal(TM) for $150,000.  Subsidiaries  The Company formed its United Kingdom subsidiary, TNI BioTech, LTD (the "UK Subsidiary") in August, 2013. The UK Subsidiary received approval to be considered an enterprise micro, small or medium-sized enterprise ("SME") with the European Medicines Agency ("EMA") on August 21, 2013. The designation provides the UK Subsidiary with significant discounts when holding meetings or submitting filings to the EMA. On September 19, 2013, the UK Subsidiary submitted a pre-submission package to the EMA regarding Crohn's Disease. The EMA granted the UK Subsidiary a meeting that took place on September 27, 2013. The UK Subsidiary is eligible to benefit from the provisions for administrative and financial assistance for SMEs set out in Regulation (EC) No 2049/2005.  In October 2012, the Company formed TNI BioTech International, Ltd., a BVI company in Tortola, British Virgin Islands, which was set up to allow the Company to market and sell low dose naltrexone ("LDN") in those countries we have been able to obtain approval.  In December 2013, the Company formed a new subsidiary, Cytocom Inc. ("Cytocom"), to focus on conducting LDN and Methionine [Met5]-enkephalin ("MENK") clinical trials in the United States. The Company expects that the manufacturing of our therapies and their subsequent distribution into emerging nations will continue to be operated directly through the Company. The Company initially entered into consulting arrangements with Dr. Graham Burton, M.D., Ph.D., and Mr. Gary G. Gemignani, to focus on the clinical advancement of LDN and MENK through Cytocom. Effective April 1, 2014, Dr. Burton was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Cytocom. On the same date, Mr. Gemignani was appointed Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Cytocom. Dr. Burton will be responsible for leading Cytocom's global development, clinical research and medical initiatives. Mr. Gemignani was expected to be responsible for operational and business development activities and financial management of Cytocom; however, he resigned from his positions with Cytocom.  In March 2014, the Company incorporated Airmed, which was set up to benefit from incentives granted by the Irish government for the establishment of pharmaceutical companies (8 out of 10 of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies have located in Ireland), and because Ireland is a member of the European Union and the European Economic Area (the "Euro Zone"). An Irish limited liability company enjoys a low corporate income tax rate of 12.5%, one of the lowest in the world. The Irish-domiciled company hopes to qualify for tax incentives for Irish holding/headquartered companies and to benefit from the network of double tax treaties that reduce withholding taxes. TNI BioTech International, Ltd. will manage our international distribution, using product that is manufactured in Ireland and elsewhere.  Research and Development  The Company's research and development ("R&D") activities commenced in the third quarter of 2012, the Company having only completed the initial acquisition of MENK-related patents required for research in the second quarter of that year. In 2013 we continued to build R&D organization and capabilities focusing primarily on new uses for opioid-related immuno-therapies, such as LDN and MENK. Those activities continued in the first quarter of 2014.  Our R&D priorities include development of IRT-101 or MENK, a small synthetic peptide that is naturally occurring in the body, and IRT-103 LDN, an opioid receptor antagonist. Our pipeline provides two therapies with a wide range of indications that can be pursued. We believe that both molecules have the ability to stimulate the immune system in order to treat a variety of autoimmune diseases including multiple sclerosis, immune disorders such as Crohn's disease, cancer, and viral infections such as HIV/AIDS.  Our R&D is overseen and managed internally, working with individuals, universities, and contract research organizations in order to utilize patents that we have licensed or acquired since our inception. We continue to seek to expand our pipeline of patents by reviewing other compounds, technologies or capabilities. We also seek out promising compounds and innovative technologies developed by third parties to incorporate into our discovery and development processes or projects.  Drug discovery and development is time-consuming, expensive and unpredictable. According to PhRMA, out of 5,000-10,000 screened compounds, only 250 enter preclinical testing, five enter human clinical trials and one is approved by the FDA. The process from early discovery or design to development to regulatory approval can take more than 10 years. Drug candidates can fail at any stage of the process, and candidates may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of research.  As of September 30, 2014, we had two compounds (IRT-101 and IRT-103) in research and development. We currently have two active development programs in oncology and Crohn's disease; both of which are expected to move into Phase 3 clinical trials in the first half of 2014.  Results of Operations - Three Months Ended September 30, 2014  Revenue  The Company reported no revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2014 and 2013.  The Company expects to derive revenues in 2014 from the sale of its products in Malawi and Nigeria under distribution and partnership agreements previously announced.  Direct Expenses and Gross Margin  The Company incurred no direct expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2014 and 2013. In the future, direct expenses will include the cost of finished products to be purchased from the Company's contract manufacturers, sales incentives, associated travel, and inventory return charges.  Gross margin, which is gross profit as a percent of revenue, will be affected by a number of factors, including the type of product sold and the geographic region in which the sale is made.  Research and Development  The Company makes significant investments in R&D in support of ongoing proprietary product development programs to support our pipeline of new drug candidates.  R&D expenses consist of salaries and benefits paid to employees directly engaged in research, payments made in cash or in kind to contractors for services directly related to research and product development, product development costs, payments made for patents and licenses to which the Company has acquired rights to use, and travel, telecommunications, facilities and external legal costs incurred in relation to research activities.  We do not collect costs on a product basis or for any category of product involved in carrying out research projects. While we do perform cost calculations to facilitate our internal evaluation of individual products, these calculations include significant estimations and allocations that are not relevant to, or included in, our external financial reporting mechanisms. As a consequence, we do not report research and development costs at the product level.  Operating Expenses  Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily include salary and benefit costs for employees and contractors included in our sales, marketing, finance, legal and administrative organizations, professional services, insurance, unallocated travel expenses, telecommunications, and office expenses. Professional services consist principally of recruiting costs, external legal, audit, tax and other consulting services.  Other Expenses, Net  Other expenses, net consists primarily of interest income on cash balances, interest expense on borrowings. Interest expense will vary periodically depending on prevailing short-term interest rates.  Loss on settlement of debt  Loss on settlement of debt comprises the cost of issuance of common stock for the retirement of principal and accrued interest on promissory notes.  Critical Accounting Policies  The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and the Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company's management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.  We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of its results of operations. The Company's senior management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Company's Board of Directors. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations are discussed throughout this section where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. Our preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates and such differences may be material.  Cash and Cash Equivalents  We consider all highly liquid debt instruments and other short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock  The basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the "as if converted" basis.  Uncertainty in Income Taxes  Management considers the likelihood of changes by taxing authorities in its filed income tax returns, and recognizes a liability for or discloses potential changes that management believes are more likely than not to occur upon examination by tax authorities. Management has not identified any uncertain tax positions in filed income tax returns that require recognition or disclosure. The Company's income tax returns for the past three years are subject to examination by tax authorities, and may change upon examination.  We follow Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ("ASC 740-10"). This interpretation requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a . . .  Nov 14, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family


Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s





Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400





Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News





What to do in your 50s to build wealth for your retirement




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  TNIB Stock Quote - Immune Therapeutics Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Immune Therapeutics Inc   TNIB:US      Ticker Change   TNIB:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.50%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change +0.46%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Immune Therapeutics, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company focuses on research new treatments and methods for treatment of cancer, HIV/AIDS, and certain other autoimmune and infectious diseases. Immune Therapeutics conducts business in West Palm Beach, Florida.    Address  618 East South Street #500Orlando, FL 32801United States   Phone  1-888-613-8802   Website   www.tnibiotech.com     Executives Board Members    Noreen Griffin  CEO/Co-Founder    Peter Aronstam  Chief Financial Officer    Fengping Shan  Chief Science Officer     Show More         
  IMUN:OTC US Stock Quote - Immune Therapeutics Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Immune Therapeutics Inc   IMUN:US   OTC US        0.05USD   0.00   4.30%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   0.05    Day Range   0.05 - 0.05    Volume   37,430    Previous Close   0.05    52Wk Range   0.03 - 0.16    1 Yr Return   -64.19%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.05    Day Range   0.05 - 0.05    Volume   37,430    Previous Close   0.05    52Wk Range   0.03 - 0.16    1 Yr Return   -64.19%    YTD Return   -4.04%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.07    Market Cap (m USD)   14.593    Shares Outstanding  (m)   304.141    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.50%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change +0.46%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/26/2017   First Patient Enrolled in OncoQuest's Phase 1/2 Study Combining Oregovomab with Hiltonol® in Recurrent Ovarian Cancer     7/26/2017   First Patient Enrolled in OncoQuest's Phase 1/2 Study Combining Oregovomab with Hiltonol® in Recurrent Ovarian Cancer     7/13/2017   Ronin Trading and SW Investment Management Issue Letter to Stockholders of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals     7/11/2017   DelMar Pharmaceuticals Appoints Saiid Zarrabian to the Board of Directors and Names Dr. Erich Mohr as Chairman     7/4/2017   Multiple Sclerosis Drugs and Therapeutic Pipeline Review H1 2017 Research Available at RnR Market Research     6/27/2017   OncoQuest Appoints Senior Biotech Investment Banker Hany Awadalla as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     6/27/2017   OncoQuest Appoints Senior Biotech Investment Banker Hany Awadalla as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     5/31/2017   Immune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP fo     5/24/2017   OncoQuest to Present Oregovomab Phase II Interim Clinical Results for Front Line Treatment of Ovarian Cancer at the American     5/24/2017   OncoQuest to Present Oregovomab Phase II Interim Clinical Results for Front Line Treatment of Ovarian Cancer at the American So    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Immune Therapeutics, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company focuses on research new treatments and methods for treatment of cancer, HIV/AIDS, and certain other autoimmune and infectious diseases. Immune Therapeutics conducts business in West Palm Beach, Florida.    Address  618 East South Street #500Orlando, FL 32801United States   Phone  1-888-613-8802   Website   www.tnibiotech.com     Executives Board Members    Noreen Griffin  CEO/Co-Founder    Peter Aronstam  Chief Financial Officer    Fengping Shan  Chief Science Officer     Show More         



Immune Pharmaceuticals









































MENU


 









Immune is a member of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA) President's Corporate Circle | Learn More >








 






BERTILIMUMAB

BERTILIMUMAB
Supported by 1,500 peer-reviewed studies, Bertilimumab is a first-in-class antibody which targets and lowers eotaxin-1 levels. It is being studied to see if it will improve outcomes in patients with autoimmune diseases that do not have therapies or the therapies have severe limitations, such as Bullous Pemphigoid and Crohn's & Colitis
 Read More 













Latest News
PRESS RELEASE July 11, 2017
Cytovia Inc, Immune Pharmaceuticals’ Oncology Subsidiary, Enters into a Definitive Agreement with Pint Pharma for the Licensing and Commercialization of Ceplene® in Latin America  |  Read more 
 
PRESS RELEASE July 5, 2017
IMMUNE Pharmaceuticals’ Oncology Subsidiary, CYTOVIA, Announces Additional Clinical Trial Results on the Efficacy of Ceplene® in Combination with Low-Dose IL-2 in Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Recently Published in Leukemia, a Leading Hematology J  |  Read more 
 
PRESS RELEASE July 5, 2017
IMMUNE Pharmaceuticals’ Oncology Subsidiary, CYTOVIA, Announces Additional Clinical Trial Results on the Efficacy of Ceplene® in Combination with Low-Dose IL-2 in Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Recently Published in Leukemia, a Leading Hematology J  |  Read more 
 
See All News 


Upcoming Events
No upcoming events found
See All Events 



 

 


 


What We Do

Immune Pharmaceuticals
Cytovia Inc.
Maxim Pharmaceuticals


Who We Are

Who We Are
Board of Directors
Management
Partnerships


Investor Information

Investor Information
SEC Filings
Investor Events
Press Releases
Corporate Governance


News & Events
Blog
Contact
 















Food Allergy CODIT Oral Immunotherapy | Aimmune | Home     
  Welcome to Aimmune Therapeutics, formerly Allergen Research Corporation (ARC).We're pleased to announce our new name and launch our new website. Thank you for visiting! Visit Site  Celebrationsdon’t have a listof ingredients.Aimmune is developing desensitization treatments to protect people with food allergies by potentially making accidental exposures less dangerous. Learn More  CODIT™ & Oral ImmunotherapyAimmune is developing treatments for food allergies using biologic product candidates and our characterized oral desensitization immunotherapy (CODIT™) approach. We built CODIT on a foundation of extensive independent scientific research on oral immunotherapy that shows that patients with food allergies may become desensitized by ingesting their allergens in gradually increasing amounts and then maintaining a steady daily dose thereafter. We aim to offer characterized biologic products to help protect people with food allergies against life-threatening reactions from accidental exposures. Learn More  AR101 for Peanut AllergyWe are conducting Phase 3 studies of our lead product candidate, AR101, for the treatment of peanut allergy, one of the most common food allergies, in peanut-allergic patients ages 4-55 years in the United States, Canada and Europe. We are also working to develop treatments for other common food allergies using characterized biologic product candidates and our CODIT™ approach. Learn MoreRecent NewsJuly 5, 2017Aimmune Therapeutics Enrolls First Patient in ARTEMIS (ARC010) European Phase 3 Clinical Trial of AR101 for the Treatment of Peanut AllergyJune 20, 2017Aimmune Therapeutics Presents European Phase 3 PALISADE Screening Data at 2017 European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) CongressJune 15, 2017Aimmune Therapeutics to Present Data on Peanut Allergy in Europe at the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) Congress 2017 See More  














Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!
















Toys


                                        ﻿







            ALL TOYS CATEGORIES
        





                                Electronics for Kids
                            





                                LEGO
                            





                                Star Wars
                            







                                Board Games & Puzzles
                            





                                Stuffed Animals & Plush Toys
                            





                                Dolls & Accessories
                            





                                Learning & Education
                            










                            THE TECH GENERATION
                            












                            CUDDLY AND SOFT
                            












                            PLAY AND LEARN
                            












Electronics


                                        ﻿







            ALL ELECTRONICS CATEGORIES
        





                                TV & Video
                            





                                Home Audio & Theater
                            





                                Camera, Photo & Video
                            





                                Cell Phones & Accessories
                            





                                Headphones
                            





                                Video Games
                            





                                Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers
                            







                                Car Electronics
                            





                                Electronics Accessories
                            





                                Wearable Technology
                            





                                Laptops & Tablets
                            





                                Desktops & Monitors
                            





                                Computer Accessories & Peripherals
                            





                                Computer Parts & Components
                            





                                Printers & Ink
                            










                            CAPTURE THE MOMENT
                            












                            SIT BACK AND RELAX
                            












                            GET TECH SAVVY
                            












Books


                                        ﻿







            ALL BOOKS CATEGORIES
        





                                Literature & Fiction
                            





                                Sci-Fi & Fantasy
                            





                                Mystery & Suspense
                            





                                Biographies & Memoirs
                            





                                Arts & Photography
                            





                                Children's Books
                            





                                Food and Drink
                            







                                History
                            





                                Romance
                            





                                Teens & Young
                            





                                Travel & Holiday Guides
                            





                                Graphic Novels, Anime & Manga
                            





                                Dictionaries & Languages
                            





                                Audio Books
                            





                                eBook Readers
                            










                            BE THAT BOOKWORM
                            












                            ENTER A NEW WORLD
                            












                            BEST SELLERS
                            












Musical Instruments


                                        ﻿







            ALL MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS CATEGORIES
        





                                Guitars
                            





                                Keyboards
                            





                                Drums
                            





                                DJ & Karaoke
                            







                                Recording
                            





                                Live Sound
                            





                                Band & Orchestra
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            GROOVY GUITARS
                            












                            MIX IT UP
                            












                            DRUM AWAY
                            












Women's Apparel


                                        ﻿







            ALL WOMEN'S APPAREL CATEGORIES
        





                                Blouses, Tops & Tees
                            





                                Hoodies, Cardigans & Sweatshirts
                            





                                Jeans & Leggings
                            





                                Skirts & Dresses
                            





                                Bags
                            







                                Activewear
                            





                                Swimsuits & Cover Ups
                            





                                Lingerie, Sleep & Lounge
                            





                                Coats, Jackets & Vests
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            ALL IMPORTANT ACCESSORIES
                            












                            CREATE YOUR STYLE
                            












                            FASHION IS YOU
                            












Men's Apparel


                                        ﻿







            ALL MEN'S APPAREL CATEGORIES
        





                                T-shirts & Tops
                            





                                Cardigans & Sweatshirts
                            





                                Jeans & Pants
                            





                                Dresswear
                            





                                Bags & Wallets
                            







                                Activewear
                            





                                Swimsuits
                            





                                Sleepwear & Underwear
                            





                                Coats, Jackets & Vests
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            DAPPER DUDES
                            












                            THROW IT IN THE BAG
                            












                            NEVER SHY OF SHOES
                            












Children's Apparel


                                        ﻿







            ALL CHILDREN'S APPAREL CATEGORIES
        





                                T-shirts & Tops
                            





                                Cardigans & Sweatshirts
                            





                                Jeans & Pants
                            







                                Dresswear
                            





                                Sleepwear
                            





                                Coats, Jackets & Vests
                            





                                Accessories
                            










                            SWEET AND STYLISH
                            












                            RUNNING WILD
                            












                            WARM AND SNUG
                            












Home


                                        ﻿







            ALL HOME CATEGORIES
        





                                Kitchen
                            





                                Furniture & Decor
                            





                                Garden
                            







                                Home Improvement
                            





                                Bedroom & Bathroom
                            





                                Lighting
                            





                                Appliances
                            










                            DREAMS CAN COME TRUE
                            












                            TURN DOWN THE LIGHTS
                            












                            FURNITURE FOR THE FAMILY
                            












Sports


                                        ﻿







            ALL SPORTS CATEGORIES
        





                                Clothing
                            





                                Exercise Equipment
                            





                                Hunting & Fishing
                            





                                Team Sports
                            





                                Golf
                            







                                Cycling
                            





                                Water Sports
                            





                                Winter Sports
                            





                                Climbing Accessories
                            





                                Camping & Hiking
                            










                            BE A CHAMPION
                            












                            FEEL INVINCIBLE
                            












                            ADVENTURE AWAITS
                            












Health and Beauty


                                        ﻿







            ALL HEALTH AND BEAUTY CATEGORIES
        





                                For Her
                            





                                For Him
                            





                                Fragrance
                            







                                Make Up
                            





                                Nails
                            





                                Everyday Essentials
                            





                                Hair Removal
                            










                            FIND YOUR SCENT
                            












                            KEEPING YOU HEALTHY
                            












                            MALE GROOMING
                            












Automotive


                                        ﻿







            ALL AUTOMOTIVE CATEGORIES
        





                                Car Care
                            





                                Exterior Accessories
                            





                                Interior Accessories
                            







                                Light & Lighting Accessories
                            





                                Performance Parts & Accessories
                            





                                Replacement Parts
                            





                                Wheels & Tires
                            










                            COMFORT AT ITS BEST
                            












                            SMOOTH DRIVING
                            












                            CAR CARE
                            












Baby Products


                                        ﻿







            ALL BABY PRODUCTS CATEGORIES
        





                                Nursery
                            





                                Clothing
                            





                                Gifts and Toys
                            







                                Strollers
                            





                                Bath
                            





                                Car Seats
                            





                                Travel
                            










                            LOOKING AFTER HEALTH
                            












                            SAFE AND SOUND
                            












                            SPOILED FOR CHOICE!
                            





















Suggestions






                Find deals from over 1000 stores, including:
            























                    Explore
                






                        Products
                    











                        Articles
                    








Everything you love, in one place.
The best products from around the web.
Read all about it!!



﻿








                    Articles
                


                10 Easy Ways to Save Money on Back to School Supplies
            

Back to School
School Supplies



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Tablets for Kids
            

Technology



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                16 College Dorm Products You'll Need to Survive
            

Decorating
College
Bedroom



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Leaper School Bags
            

Backpacks
School



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                13 Quirky Products to Bring Summer to the Office
            

summer
office supplies
school supplies



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Staedtler Pen Sets
            

School Supplies



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Best Smartphones to Buy in 2016
            

smartphone
tech
samsung



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Rio Havaianas
            

Olympics 2016
Rio



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Finding the Best Bike for You
            

bike
fitness
health



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Dry Erase Removable Wall Calendar
            

Dorm Room
Classroom



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                What Every Traveler Needs
            

travel
packing guide
bags



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Epson Printers
            

Printer
Tech



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Whatever Floats your Boat
            

summer
pool floats
outdoors



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Leakproof Lunch Boxes
            

Kitchen
Snacks



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Beach Day Accessories you won't be able to Resist
            

Beach day
summer



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Play Doh 
            

Sensory play
Pre-school



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Marathon Running: The Basic Gear Guide
            

running
health and fitness
marathon



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Rio Olympics Plush Toy Mascots
            

Olympics
Toys
Mascot



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                Why I'm Obsessed with Smarthome Tech
            

smarttech
energy efficiency



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Spiral Notebooks
            

Notebooks
School



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                The Practical Gift Guide for Babies
            

baby
presents
newborn



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Epson Label Makers
            

Label
Order



                    Buy now
                



﻿








                    Articles
                


                eBook Readers for the Book Worm on Vacation
            

kindle
glowlight
kobo aura



                    Read more
                



﻿








                    Products
                


                Playground Ball Sets
            

Playground Games



                    Buy now
                



 







































Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!
















            Bringing you the best deals from 
            the stores that you know and love
        



What is Stuccu?

                Stuccu is a website that works together with different sellers so you can buy products at low prices. 
                Our vision is to make Stuccu your first and only stop when it comes to online shopping. 
            

                And if we can make it fun for you, all the better.
            






                    What can we do for you?
                

                    We will search the web and bring you the best offers
                    from major online retailers.
                









                *
            
                Using Stuccu will save you both money and time as you no
                longer need to search through dozens of websites.
                Instead, everything is in one place: Stuccu.

            



*

                We will then direct you to the product pages on the sellers' websites where you can finalize the purchase.
                It's as easy as 1-2-3!
            









                    Any questions?
                

                    If you have any questions, make sure to visit our FAQ page.
                    You can also contact us through the Contact Us 
form on the same page.
                






                If you love us and want to say hi, be sure to follow us on these social networks.
            












32 Camden Lock Place, London, NW1 8AL UK
            





























Press Releases – Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  Information on LDN and MENK

























































 







 

 

 

 
   
















 






























Category: Press ReleasesHome
 / 
Press Releases











0 




Thursday June 1, 2017Immune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 2017
ORLANDO, Fla., May 31, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Immune Therapeutics, Inc.(OTCQB:IMUN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing our novel patented, affordable, non-toxic therapy for the management of cancer, HIV, autoimmune diseases, and other inflammatory conditions, today announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for the distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire (the Ivory Coast).

Read More 









0 




Monday May 22, 2017Immune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in Nigeria
ORLANDO, Florida, May 22, 2017 – Immune Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: IMUN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing its novel patented, affordable, non-toxic therapy for the treatment of cancer, HIV, autoimmune disease, and other inflammatory conditions, today announced that it has received NAFDAC (National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control) approval to market and distribute LodonalTM, the Company’s breakthrough treatment for HIV/AIDS in Nigeria. The Company and its strategic partners plan to immediately initiate sales activities of this first-to-market opportunity.

Read More 









0 




Wednesday April 26, 2017Immune Therapeutics, Inc. Files Lodonal New Drug Application in Kenya
ORLANDO, Fla., April 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Immune Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB:IMUN), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing therapies for a range of conditions using LodonalTM its proprietary formulation of lower-dose naltrexone, today announced it has submitted its New Drug Application (NDA) to the Pharmacy and Poison Board (PPB) in Kenya for Lodonal for the treatment of patients with HIV and cancer, both as a standalone treatment as well as an adjunct treatment, and as an immunomodulator.

Read More 




1
2
3
…
30
















LatestPopularImmune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 20172 months agoImmune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in Nigeria2 months agoImmune Therapeutics, Inc. Files Lodonal New Drug Application in Kenya3 months agoImmune Therapeutics Receives NAFDAC Approval for Lodonal(TM) in Nigeria: Approval Follows Successful Recent Bridging Study1 year agoTNI BioTech, Inc. Forms New Subsidiary, Cytocom Inc., to develop LDN and MENK3 years agoImmune Therapeutics Signs Distribution MOU for Lodonal in Kenya; Company Plans to Open Kenya for Lodonal in 20175 months agoLatest ProjectsLodonal: KenyaIn March of 2017, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Kenya.China:  CAR-TIn April of 2016, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. entered into a binding letter of intent with Super T-Cell Cancer Company, a newly formed Chinese corporation, for the acquisition of Chinese Chimeric Super Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T) cocktail therapy, Immuno-Oncology patents (pending), manufacturing technology, and clinical data.Malawi:  Medical Equipment DonationIn January 2015, The Jack Brewer Foundation (JBF Worldwide)(insert link) and Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced first-of-its-kind donation program to improve access to treatment to prevent cervical cancer that until now has been unavailable to the women of Malawi, Africa.


 







Socials 
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Company Information 
Newsroom
About Us
Therapies
Management

Projects 
Lodonal: Nigeria
Lodonal: Kenya
Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
CAR-T
Cytocom, Inc.

Services 
Doctor Locator
Investor Relations
Grant Information

    





































Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!









    ﻿



Trending Deals going fast 







                        All Trending Deals
                    



                            ﻿






Premium Real Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film For iPhone 6 6s 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$0.99






                            ﻿






Adidas NEW Mens Original Crewneck Graphic Tee Trefoil T-Shirt $30

Free Shipping                
$13.99






                            ﻿






Windows 10 Professional Pro 32/64 Bits Authentic Product Key License

Free Shipping                
$4.99






                            ﻿






Emoji Charm Bracelet - 18K Yellow Gold Plated Beads - 10 Charms

Free Shipping                
$14.99






                            ﻿






NEW Universal Phone Holder Expanding Stand Grip Pop Mount Pop For Phone Tablets

Free Shipping                
$1.30






                            ﻿






Hanes 5 Pack Men's Underwear TAGLESS Boxer Briefs with Comfort Flex Waistband

Free Shipping                
$13.70






                            ﻿






New OEM Apple Earphones for iPhone 6 6S 5 SE 4S w/Remote & Mic, happy costumers!

Free Shipping                
$6.94






                            ﻿






10000Lumens XM-L T6 Zoomable Tactical military LED 18650 Flashlight Torch Lamp

Free Shipping                
$4.98






                            ﻿






Privacy Anti-Spy Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Shield for 4.7" iPhone 7

Free Shipping                
$3.89






                            ﻿




15 left




 iTunes Codes - $25 $50 or $100 - Fast Email Delivery 

Free Shipping                
$25.00






                            ﻿






Premium Real Screen Protector Tempered Glass For iPhone 6 6s 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$0.99






                            ﻿






LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement for Iphone 6 6S 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$19.95






                            ﻿






MagicGuardz® Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$3.49






                            ﻿






Dyson SV04 V6 Absolute Cordless Vacuum | Fuchsia | Refurbished

Free Shipping                
$220.00






                            ﻿






GoPro Hero Session Refurbished

Free Shipping                
$99.99






                            ﻿






Crocs Mens Santa Cruz 2 Luxe Loafer

Free Shipping                
$24.99






                            ﻿






Genuine Original Apple iPhone 7 6s 6 Plus 5 USB Lightning Charger Data Cable OEM

Free Shipping                
$4.99






                            ﻿




23 left




7x9 Natural Black Onyx Oval cabochon loose gemstone calibrated  lot of 10 pcs 

Free Shipping                
$12.99






                            ﻿






For iPhone ALL MODELS Luxury Ultra Thin Hybrid Slim Hard Case Cover

Free Shipping                
$5.90






                            ﻿






PUMA G. Vilas 2 Core Men's Sneakers

Free Shipping                
$39.99






                            ﻿






Premium Tempered Glass Clear Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy S6

Free Shipping                
$2.69






                            ﻿






Fila Men's Memory Maranello 4 Running Shoe

Free Shipping                
$21.99






                            ﻿






Kickstand Card Pocket Hybrid Armor Silicone Cover Case For iPhone 6 6S 7 Plus

Free Shipping                
$5.92






                            ﻿






Premium Screen Protector Real Tempered Glass Film for iPhone SE 5 6s 7 Plus 

Free Shipping                
$1.95






                            ﻿






Why be Racist When You Could Just be Quiet Shirt Tumblr Outfit, T-shirt Human 


$7.95






                            ﻿






iPhone 7 / 7 Plus Case Cover Protective Hybrid Rugged Shockproof Rubber Hard 

Free Shipping                
$6.49






                            ﻿






New Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 

Free Shipping                
$3.95






                            ﻿




23 left




XBOX LIVE 14 DAY 2 WEEKS GOLD TRIAL MEMBERSHIP (XBOX ONE)

Free Shipping                
$4.09






                            ﻿






Bose QuietComfort 35 Wireless Headphones - Factory-Renewed

Free Shipping                
$259.95






                            ﻿






Super Deluxe 1800 Count Hotel Quality 4 Piece Deep Pocket Bed Sheet Set

Free Shipping                
$12.89






                            ﻿






The Boss Baby DVD 2017 Family, Animation, (Now Shipping) (Fast Free US Seller)

Free Shipping                
$7.50






                            ﻿






Apple iPhone 5S- 16 32 64GB GSM "Factory Unlocked" Smartphone Gold Gray Silver c

Free Shipping                
$119.95






                            ﻿






For Apple iPhone 7 Plus / 7 Ultra Thin Transparent Clear Shockproof Bumper Case

Free Shipping                
$5.99






                            ﻿






Ultra Thin Slim Hard Case Cover For Apple iPhone 6 6S 7 / Plus + Tempered Glass

Free Shipping                
$4.97






                            ﻿






Self-Adhesive Stick Push-Up Silicone Bra Gel Strapless Invisible Backless Nubra

Free Shipping                
$5.99






                            ﻿






Luxury Ultra-Thin Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Phones

Free Shipping                
$6.96






                            ﻿






Jet Black 360° Full Cover Hybrid Hard Case For Iphone 6S 7 Plus+Tempered Glass

Free Shipping                
$4.99






                            ﻿






OEM Original Apple Lightning USB 2M 6ft Charger Cable for iPhone7 6S Plus 5S 5

Free Shipping                
$5.99






                            ﻿




24 left




Samsung EVO 32GB microSDHC micro SD SDHC UHS microSD for Galaxy S5 Class 10 Card

Free Shipping                
$4.99






                            ﻿




50 left




New Samsung Galaxy Note 5 SM-N920T 32GB Smartphone for T-Mobile

Free Shipping                
$259.99






                            ﻿






Dermacol High Cover Makeup Foundation Hypoallergenic Waterproof SPF 30

Free Shipping                
$7.99






                            ﻿






New OEM Apple Earphones for iPhone 6 5 4S w/Remote & Mic, happy costumers!

Free Shipping                
$6.95






                            ﻿






BORUiT 13000 Lumen Headlamp XM-L 3x T6 LED Headlight 18650 Battery Light Charger

Free Shipping                
$20.99






                            ﻿






US Women's BOHO Long Maxi Evening Cocktail Party Summer Beach Dress Sundress New

Free Shipping                
$1.69






                            ﻿




2 left




Savini Jason + Counselor Clothing DLC 1 - Xbox One - Read Description First!

Free Shipping                
$17.00




































MENK – Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  Information on LDN and MENK





























































 







 

 

 

 
   
















 






























MENKHome
 / 
Therapies
 / 
MENK












Cytokines
One of the most significant medical advances in the past twenty years is the discovery of the hormones of the immune system known as cytokines.
The most famous of the cytokine are interleukins and the interferon’s, such as IL2 and gamma interferon, the other major cytokine group are the enkephalin and endorphins. The enkephalin and endorphins regulate not only the cells of the immune system but also the endocrine system keeping the two in balance. The balance is important to keeping the immune system healthy. Clinically, cytokines have been found to stimulate the immune system in the treatment of viral infections such as HIV/AIDS, hemorrhagic fever and hepatitis as well as a number of different types of cancer.
The immune system is the bodies defensive system against infectious organisms such as bacteria, viruses, fungi, parasites and most important – tumor cells. The immune system includes many different defense cells such as macrophages, T cells, Natural Killer (“NK”) cells, B cells and neutrophils. Cytokines are produced by the macrophages and the T cells and communicate with all of the cells in the immune system. T cells include a group of cells that are described as killer cells that destroy viruses and tumor cells.
Met-enkephalin, some times referred to as Opioid Growth Factor (OGF) have been studied by a number of scientists but the most published of these are Dr. Ian Zagon and his team from Pennsylvania State Medical Center at Hershey extensively in relationship to growth – especially in cancer and Dr. Nicholas Plotnikoff in conjunction with. Bihari and Dr. Ronald Herberman and Robert Good in the treatment of HIV/AIDS and cancer. Much of this research has been carried out in the USA, Belgium, Croatia and Germany.
Professor Ian S. Zagon and a research team, a, discovered that endogenous opioid peptides served as growth factors. In subsequent studies, these researchers found that one native opioid peptide – met-enkephalin (OGF/MENK) has been shown to regulate the growth of cancer cells.
The effect of OGF/MENK is to delay the replication of cells. The retarding of cell multiplication is often referred to as cytostatic (cyto = cellular growth, static = halt). Unlike chemotherapy, OGF/MENK does not directly destroy cancer cells and is not cytotoxic.
OGF/MENK has been shown to halt the growth of the cells and is thought to allow immunological mechanisms (e.g. macrophages, natural killer cells) to accomplish the task of destroying the cancerous cells.
OGF/MENK also appears to work as an adjunct to chemotherapy, when combined with traditional chemotherapy it shown to work in a more effective and less toxic manner.
Immuno-Regulating Properities
Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of HIV/AIDS and cancer have shown that MENK/OFG provided evidence for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, as well as anti-cancer activity in Kaposi Sarcoma, Lung, Melanoma, Ovarian, Cervical, Head and Neck, Pancreatic, liver and renal cancer. MENK/OFG has been found to have immunostimulating and immuno-regulating effects. MENK/OFG has been used to treat several autoimmune conditions in human subjects, including Multiple Sclerosis, Uveitis, Behcet’s Syndrome, and Optic Neuritis.
Boosting NK cell levels is essential in helping to beat cancer. Studies have demonstrated that OGF significantly raises NK (Natural Killer) cell levels, although the mechanism by which this happens has not yet been fully clarified.

All the studies that have been carried out to date have consistently demonstrated the existence of OGF receptors in every type of malignancy that has been examined. Furthermore, in addition to the clinical trials there is anecdotal evidence of a variety of cancers, which respond to an OGF/MENK- boosting drug.
Studies in animals have clearly determined that the mechanism for this response is through OGF/OGFr interaction. It is therefore reasonable to assume that the responses to this OGF-increasing drug, which have been anecdotally reported in humans, are similarly mediated via OGF receptors.
The following cancers have either been shown to have OGF receptors and/or have been anecdotally reported to respond to OGF and/or OGF- boosting mechanisms:

Breast Cancer Cervical Cancer
Colon
Rectal Cancer Gastric Cancer Glioblastoma
Head and Neck
Kaposi’s Sarcoma
Leukemia
Lymphocytic Liver Cancer
Lymphoma – B Cell and T Cell Malignant Melanoma Neuroblastoma
Ovarian Cancer
Pancreatic Cancer
Prostate Cancer
Renal Cell Carcinoma
Small Cell and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
Throat Cancer
Tongue Cancer
Uterine Cancer
Pancreatic Cancer

In laboratory studies, Zagon and his team discovered that OGF/MENK, which is involved in suppression of pain in the nervous system, also controls the production of some cells, both healthy and abnormal. Pancreatic cancer cells have OGF receptors that, when bound with OGF, inhibit additional cancer cell growth. Because cancer cells reproduce so quickly, the body cannot produce enough OGF/MENK to bind all of the receptors, so cancer cell growth continues unimpeded.
Zagon’s laboratory work suggested that providing enough OGF/MENK in the body could bind the OGF receptors, inhibit cancer cell proliferation, and give the body’s own defenses time to battle the disease.
In Phase I and Phase II clinical study, sponsored by the National Institutes of Health, Zagon’s collaborator Jill Smith, M.D., professor of medicine, Penn State College of Medicine, enrolled 21 patients with advanced, inoperable, pancreatic cancer. In one group, OGF was administered intravenously in a saline solution over 30 minutes once per week.
In a second part of the study, 10 patients were treated with 250 ug/kg intravenous infusions of OGF/MENL, this time delivered over 45 minutes. Because the timing of drug delivery was extended, there were no incidents of toxicity. Six other patients were treated with 50 ug/kg OGF injections twice per day.
Results showed that, unlike the chemotherapeutic agents often used to treat pancreatic cancer, OGF/MENK did not cause white blood cell, platelet or iron counts to drop, and did not cause gastrointestinal problems. Nor were there side effects such as hair loss, nausea or loss of appetite.
Quality of life surveys administered before and during the study showed that patients had improved social interaction and alertness behavior, improved sleep and rest, mobility and communication. Pain and depression surveys showed a diminishment in pain scores at certain points during the therapy, and that OGF/MENK did not induce depression, but may have actually prevented the development of depression in the terminally ill patients.
“Although this study was not intended to examine tumor response or survival, our preliminary results showed two patients with spread of the cancer to the liver responded with loss of metastases, and survival was increased from 5.6 months under the typical treatment with gemcitabine, to 9.1 months with OGF,” Zagon said. “Some patients survived from 21 to 23 months.”
The combination of OGF and gemcitabine also repressed the growth of another pancreatic cancer cell line, PANC-1. MIA PaCa-2 cells transplanted into athymic mice received 10 mg/kg OGF daily, 120 mg/kg gemcitabine every 3 days; 10 mg/kg OGF daily and 120 mg/kg gemcitabine every 3rd day, or 0.1 ml of sterile saline daily.
Tumor incidence, and latency times to tumor appearance, of mice receiving combined therapy with OGF and gemcitabine, was significantly decreased from those of the control, OGF, and gemcitabine groups. Tumor volumes in the OGF, gemcitabine, and OGF/gemcitabine groups were markedly decreased from controls beginning on days 14, 12, and 8, respectively, after tumor cell inoculation. Tumor weight and tumor volume were reduced from control levels by 36–85% in the OGF and/or gemcitabine groups on day 45 (date of termination), and the group of mice exposed to a combination of OGF and gemcitabine had decreases in tumor size of 70% and 63% from the OGF or the gemcitabine alone groups, respectively. This preclinical evidence shows that combined chemotherapy (e.g. gemcitabine) and biotherapy (OGF) provides an enhanced therapeutic benefit for pancreatic cancer.
[/cws-widget][/col][/cws-row][cws-row cols=2][col span=6][cws-widget type=text title=”Therapeutic Applications”]
Upregulation of OGFr and consequent stimulation of the OGF-OGFr system are important for the anti-proliferative effects of imidazoquinoline drugs like imiquimod and resiquimod, which are immune response modifiers with potent antiviral and antitumour effects, used as topical creams for the treatment of skin cancers and warts.
[/cws-widget][/col][col span=6][cws-widget type=text title=”Conclusions”]
OGF/MENK appears to be an extraordinarily promising agent in the therapy of cancer; both Phase I and Phase II studies have determined an excellent safety profile, which is practically unrivaled in the field of oncology therapeutics.  Furthermore, OGF/MENK has been demonstrated to exert beneficial effects on the immune system especially for those undergoing chemotherapy.




















LatestPopularImmune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 20172 months agoImmune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in Nigeria2 months agoImmune Therapeutics, Inc. Files Lodonal New Drug Application in Kenya3 months agoImmune Therapeutics Receives NAFDAC Approval for Lodonal(TM) in Nigeria: Approval Follows Successful Recent Bridging Study1 year agoTNI BioTech, Inc. Forms New Subsidiary, Cytocom Inc., to develop LDN and MENK3 years agoImmune Therapeutics Signs Distribution MOU for Lodonal in Kenya; Company Plans to Open Kenya for Lodonal in 20175 months agoLatest ProjectsLodonal: KenyaIn March of 2017, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Kenya.China:  CAR-TIn April of 2016, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. entered into a binding letter of intent with Super T-Cell Cancer Company, a newly formed Chinese corporation, for the acquisition of Chinese Chimeric Super Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T) cocktail therapy, Immuno-Oncology patents (pending), manufacturing technology, and clinical data.Malawi:  Medical Equipment DonationIn January 2015, The Jack Brewer Foundation (JBF Worldwide)(insert link) and Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced first-of-its-kind donation program to improve access to treatment to prevent cervical cancer that until now has been unavailable to the women of Malawi, Africa.


 







Socials 
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Company Information 
Newsroom
About Us
Therapies
Management

Projects 
Lodonal: Nigeria
Lodonal: Kenya
Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
CAR-T
Cytocom, Inc.

Services 
Doctor Locator
Investor Relations
Grant Information

    































About Us – Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  Information on LDN and MENK




























































 







 

 

 

 
   
















 






























About UsHome
 / 
About Us











Mission Statement




Immune Therapeutics Inc. a specialty pharmaceutical company, committed to the commercialization of our patented therapies focused on the activation and re-balancing of the body’s immune system.
Stimulating the body’s immune system remains one of the most promising approaches in the treatment of Cancers, HIV, Autoimmune Diseases, inflammatory conditions and other chronic infectious diseases.
















Management Profiles











Noreen Griffin

CEO

Noreen Griffin is one of our Founders, our CEO and a member of our Board of Directors. Ms. Griffin was a vital part of the acquisition of our patents and therapies involving Methionine [ Met5]-enkephalin (MENK) and low-dose naltrexone (LDN). She was involved with the inventors and patent holders for over five years before deciding to join the team that formed our company. Ms. Griffin has over 25 years of industry experience, having founded and led a number of startup companies. She has played an integral role in raising multiple rounds of private and venture capital funds on behalf of clients. Ms. Griffin has served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of a number of small public companies over the last 10 years. In addition, Ms. Griffin has significant experience in the administration of companies in bankruptcies.




 

 

 















Dr. Fengpin Shan

CSO

Dr. Fengping Shan is our Chief Science Officer and a former member of our Board of Directors. Dr. Shan has a Ph.D. in Microbiology and Tumor Immunology.  Dr. Shan is Professor of Immunology and Vice Director of the Institute of Immunology, China Medical University, in Shenyang, China. Professor Shan has been with the University from 2006 to present.




 

 

 







Continue to Management Profiles













Board of Directors











Paul Akin


Akin Construction was founded in 1988 and rapidly scaled to merge with Pinnacle Installations in 1992. Shortly thereafter, Mr. Akin acquired Collier Warehouse Group and since 1995, has served as CEO and Executive Chairman of Collier, overseeing annual double-digit growth rates to become the leading regional supplier of glazing products and services to construction companies throughout the United States. As a universally respected competitor, Mr. Akin is regularly called upon to provide counsel and opinion to various strategic challenges within the industry and currently is a Board member of the Bay Area Dealers Council.














Dr. Clifford Selsky


Dr. Selsky has been a practicing pediatrician in Central Florida for the past twenty years. He is the founder of the Children’s Center for Cancer and Blood Disease at Florida Hospital cancer institute, which he established after training in pediatrics at Yale New Haven hospital and completing a pediatric hematology and oncology fellowship at Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Selsky is board certified in Pediatrics, Pediatric hematology and oncology and Palliative medicine. Currently, he is a pediatrician at Family First Pediatrics which he established in 2013.






Continue to Board of Directors Profiles













Corporate Governance




Our board of directors is responsible for directing, and providing oversight of, the management of Immune Therapeutic’s business in the best interests of shareholders. In carrying out its responsibilities, the board selects and monitors top management, provides oversight for financial reporting and legal compliance, determines our governance principles and implements our governance policies. The board, together with management, is responsible for establishing our operating values and code of conduct and for setting strategic direction and priorities.



Read Corporate Governance



Terms of Use




Access and/or use of this website are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws, statutes, and/or regulations. Immune may revise these Terms of Use from time to time without further notice by updating this posting. Your access or use of this website indicates your acceptance of these terms, and your representation that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older.



Terms of Use



















LatestPopularImmune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 20172 months agoImmune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in Nigeria2 months agoImmune Therapeutics, Inc. Files Lodonal New Drug Application in Kenya3 months agoImmune Therapeutics Receives NAFDAC Approval for Lodonal(TM) in Nigeria: Approval Follows Successful Recent Bridging Study1 year agoTNI BioTech, Inc. Forms New Subsidiary, Cytocom Inc., to develop LDN and MENK3 years agoImmune Therapeutics Signs Distribution MOU for Lodonal in Kenya; Company Plans to Open Kenya for Lodonal in 20175 months agoLatest ProjectsLodonal: KenyaIn March of 2017, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Kenya.China:  CAR-TIn April of 2016, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. entered into a binding letter of intent with Super T-Cell Cancer Company, a newly formed Chinese corporation, for the acquisition of Chinese Chimeric Super Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T) cocktail therapy, Immuno-Oncology patents (pending), manufacturing technology, and clinical data.Malawi:  Medical Equipment DonationIn January 2015, The Jack Brewer Foundation (JBF Worldwide)(insert link) and Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced first-of-its-kind donation program to improve access to treatment to prevent cervical cancer that until now has been unavailable to the women of Malawi, Africa.


 







Socials 
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Company Information 
Newsroom
About Us
Therapies
Management

Projects 
Lodonal: Nigeria
Lodonal: Kenya
Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
CAR-T
Cytocom, Inc.

Services 
Doctor Locator
Investor Relations
Grant Information

    































Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  Information on LDN and MENK – Providing information for Lodonal, low dose naltrexone and MENK






























































 







 

 

 

 
   
















 








































Immune Therapeutics AnnouncesNAFDAC Approval for Marketing & Distribution of Lodonal™LEARN MOREImmune Therapeutics Emerges as a Key Player in Immunotherapy Field100+ yearsCombined experience
 
in laboratory 

research & immunologyLEARN MOREDiscover more aboutour research and technologyImmunologyresearch and investigationLEARN MOREInvesting in a better and healthier 
world today to see it tomorrowExperiencein immunology 
and treating

illnessesLEARN MORETreatment for known autoimmune disorders & cancers


















CAR-T Technology

CAR-T cell therapy involves engineering cancer patients’ own immune cells to recognize and attack cancer tumors









Lodonal Nigeria Study

Nigeria’s National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has recently approved Immune Therapeutics, Inc. patented Lodonal™ as an over the counter, non-toxic adjunct therapy in the treatment of HIV/AIDS and immune system regulator.












LDN Doctor Locator

Locate Immune Therapeutics, Inc. formulated LDN in the United States.









Additional Studies

Read about the additional US and international studies using LDN and MENK












Lodonal™

Lodonal™ is Immune Therapeutics, Inc.’s approved immune modulator for use in emerging nations.









MENK Technology

Read about our Met-enkephalin / Opioid Growth Factor technology






























Our Projects



















Lodonal Kenya Projects, Lodonal ProjectsLodonal: Kenya
In March of 2017, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Kenya.

 







CAR-T China Project, CAR-T ProjectsChina:  CAR-T
In April of 2016, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. entered into a binding letter of intent with Super T-Cell Cancer Company, a newly formed Chinese corporation, for the acquisition of Chinese Chimeric Super Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T) cocktail therapy, Immuno-Oncology patents (pending), manufacturing technology, and clinical data.

 







Lodonal Malawi Projects, MalawiMalawi:  Medical Equipment Donation
In January 2015, The Jack Brewer Foundation (JBF Worldwide)(insert link) and Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced first-of-its-kind donation program to improve access to treatment to prevent cervical cancer that until now has been unavailable to the women of Malawi, Africa.

 







Lodonal Nigeria Project, Lodonal ProjectsLodonal:  Nigeria
Nigeria’s National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has recently approved its Immune Therapeutics, Inc. patented Lodonal™ as an over the counter, non-toxic adjunct therapy in the treatment of HIV/AIDS and immune system regulator.

 







Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. LtdHubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
In October 2012, the Company and Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a Chinese pharmaceutical company, announced an agreement to co-develop new cancer drugs based on Immune Therapeutics’ patents involving MENK

 



















Interested in Researching LDN, Lodonal, MENK or CART?
Apply for a Grant!

Contact our support manager

















Latest News








June 1, 2017June 1, 2017Immune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 2017In Lodonal, Lodonal Africa, Lodonal: Côte d’Ivoire, News, Press Releases
ORLANDO, Fla., May 31, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Immune Therapeutics, Inc.(OTCQB:IMUN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing our novel patented, affordable, non-toxic therapy for the management of cancer, HIV, autoimmune diseases, and other inflammatory conditions, today announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for the distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire (the Ivory Coast).











May 22, 2017June 1, 2017Immune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in NigeriaIn Lodonal, Lodonal Africa, Lodonal: Nigeria, News, Press Releases
ORLANDO, Florida, May 22, 2017 – Immune Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: IMUN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing its novel patented, affordable, non-toxic therapy for the treatment of cancer, HIV, autoimmune disease, and other inflammatory conditions, today announced that it has received NAFDAC (National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control) approval to market and distribute LodonalTM, the Company’s breakthrough treatment for HIV/AIDS in Nigeria. The Company and its strategic partners plan to immediately initiate sales activities of this first-to-market opportunity.









Intersting Facts







LDN holds great promise for the millions of people worldwide with autoimmune diseases or central nervous system disorders or who face a deadly cancer. It could prove to be the first low-cost, easy to administer, and side-effect-free therapy for Cancer, HIV/AIDS, MS and Crohn’s disease



Dr. Nicholas Plotnikoff
NE Chairman






























Our Progress




Nigeria

96%






Kenya

65%






CAR-T

50%






Cytocom

50%







International Manufacturer

Providing safe, effective and innovative pharmaceutical products that contribute to the well-being and health of the people since 1972


Read More



Additional info







Low Dose Naltrexone for Chronic Pain in Osteoarthritis and Inflammatory Arthritis

Read More









Immune Effects of Low-dose Naltrexone in ME/CFS

Read More














 






Socials 
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Company Information 
Newsroom
About Us
Therapies
Management

Projects 
Lodonal: Nigeria
Lodonal: Kenya
Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
CAR-T
Cytocom, Inc.

Services 
Doctor Locator
Investor Relations
Grant Information

    






























Advisory Board – Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  Information on LDN and MENK





























































 







 

 

 

 
   
















 






























Advisory BoardHome
 / 
About Us
 / 
Advisory Board











Dr. Nicholas Plotnikoff, Non-Executive Chairman
Dr. Plotnikoff has a Ph.D. in pharmacology, with over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, having worked in pharmacology, toxicology, and clinical research. He was a professor of pharmacology at the University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago and played a pioneering role in investigations of the immunological effects of MENK. Dr. Plotnikoff also successfully managed the project teams that developed the NDAs on Traxene (a Valium-like tranquilizer) and Cylert (a non-amphetamine psychostimulant). In basic research, he was the first to identify the central nervous system effects of hypothalamic-releasing factors (brain hormones), resulting in their clinical development for treatment of depression and Parkinson’s disease. Dr. Plotnikoff has co-authored 25 publications with Dr. Andrew Schally, covering basic research in the fields of depression and Parkinson’s disease, and held a number of international patents for the use of MENK in HIV/AIDS and cancer. He is further credited with achieving major breakthroughs in the treatment of certain cancers and of HIV/AIDS. Along with the late Dr. Bernard Bihari (see page xx), Dr. Plotnikoff completed Phase I and early Phase II clinical trials in the U.S. using MENK, and has collaborated with Dr. Joseph Wybran from Belgium on clinical trials for treatment by MENK in patients with HIV/AIDS. Trials continue in China with the support of China Medical University and Professor Shan using MENK, which began in 2007 (as described on page xx). Immune Therapeutics is now partnering with Professor Shan on treating cancer patients with IRT-101 and IRT-102 in China.


Roger Bozarth
Roger Bozarth is Founder and President of The Insurance Advantage, Inc. and Planning for Wealth Preservation, LLC, located in Orlando, Florida, which he founded in 1995. His firm specializes in estate, business, and charitable planning for affluent clients throughout the United States.
In addition to his business experience, Mr. Bozarth is involved in a number of charitable organizations, including the U.S. Dream Academy in Baltimore, MD, and Desire Street Ministries in Atlanta, GA, while serving on the board of Edgewood Children’s Ranch and Love Orlando in Orlando, FL.
Mr. Bozarth attended the University of South Florida where he pursued an Electrical Engineering degree.


Dr. Chalil MD, MBA, FACHE
Dr. Chalil MD, MBA, FACHE is Associate Director, Health Science Executives of Boehringer Ingelheim, the world’s largest privately held pharmaceutical company. Headquartered in Ingelheim, Germany, the Company operates globally in more than 50 countries. In 2012, Boehringer Ingelheim achieved net sales of 19.1 billion (USD); R&D expenditure in the business area of prescription medicines reached a quarter of its net sales.
In addition to his responsibilities at Boehringer Ingelheim, Dr. Chalil is the Co-Chair for the Industry Physician Committee of the American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin (AAPI) and has served as Scientific Advisor to AAPI for the past three years. AAPI is the second largest physician organization in the U.S. second only to AMA, and the largest ethnic medical organization in the country. Dr. Chalil is also a Consultant in HIV/STDs President, AIDS Society of India (ASI).
As the former CEO of Clinical Consultants International, he represented prominent healthcare companies, including GE Healthcare, Genpact, HIRCO Group, Godrej Ltd., KLE University, Somaiya Group, Pushpanjali Crosslay Hospital, Excel Life Sciences and various international pharmaceutical firms over the past decade.
Dr. Chalil completed his higher studies in University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Davenport University, JJM Medical College and Baylor College of Medicine. He has been a Visiting Professor at various Universities and serves on various company Boards.
 


Terry Grossman, M.D.
Dr. Grossman is the founder and medical director of the Grossman Wellness Center in Denver, Colorado. His longevity medical practice attracts patients, including many VIPs (such as coauthor Ray Kurzweil) from around the country and the world. He graduated from Brandeis University in 1968 and the University of Florida School of Medicine in 1979. He spent 15 years (from 1980-1995) working as a community family doctor in the Colorado mountains. Dr. Grossman undertook the study of nutritional and anti-aging medicine in 1994 and in 1995 opened the Grossman Wellness Center in Denver, which quickly grew into one of the largest complementary medical centers in the country. He is a member and board certified by the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine as well as the American Holistic Medical Association. His special field of interest is nutritional medicine (the treatment of illness with nutrients such as vitamins, minerals, anti-oxidants and natural hormones) and anti-aging medicine. Dr. Grossman is a widely sought lecturer on longevity medicine throughout the U.S. and has presented keynote addresses at anti-aging seminars in Japan, South Korea, South Africa, and elsewhere. He is the author of the Baby Boomers’ Guide to Living Forever (2000), and coauthor with Ray Kurzweil of Fantastic Voyage (2004), and TRANSCEND: Nine Steps to Living Well Forever (2009).


Mak Jawadekar, PH.D.
Mak Jawadekar, Ph.D., is an independent pharmaceutical industry consultant and currently serves on several U.S. and international company boards in scientific advisory and business management capacities. After completing his Ph.D. (Pharmaceutics) at the University of Minnesota, he started working at Pfizer, Inc., and his tenure was over 28 years in length until March 2010, when he opted to take an early retirement. Mak was a Director, R & D Portfolio Management & Performance with the World Wide R & D Division of Pfizer Inc. in Groton/New London, CT, where he was leading efforts in R&D benchmarking metrics for speed, quality and costs to enhance Pharmaceutical R&D productivity.
Mak also advised Pfizer’s R&D business on system solution approaches and best practices, and served as an advisor to Pfizer’s President of Global R&D on Asia-related strategic matters. Prior to that, he spent many years with Pfizer’s Pharmaceutical Sciences Group as a leader, where he held responsibility for Strategic Outsourcing of Drug Products activities and Drug Delivery Technology Assessment functions. Mak also managed strategic-level decisions on external alliances and collaborations, including partnerships, due diligence activities, and licensing and development. His extensive previous Bench R & D experience includes dosage form development/formulations/drug delivery R&D, clinical manufacturing, tech transfer and scale-up operations, and worked closely with Pfizer Global Manufacturing and Consumer Health care divisions.
 


Dr. Jill Smith
Dr. Jill Smith, an Advisor to the company, is a former Professor of Medicine in the Gastroenterology Division of the Department of Medicine, Hershey Medical Center, Penn State University. Dr. Smith has a long track record of conducting pre-clinical scientific research as well as translational clinical trials in patients. Over the course of her twenty-two years at Penn State University, she has mentored thirty-eight post-doctoral Fellows and students, thereby ensuring continuing excellence in medicine for future generations.
Dr. Smith’s research focus is on disorders of the gastrointestinal tract and pancreas. In her role as a Professor in the College of Medicine’s Internal Medicine Department she treats patients with Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.
Simultaneously, in her role as Professor of Cellular and Molecular Physiology she teaches and conducts basic science research in the graduate school. For over two decades, Dr. Smith has conducted industry-sponsored trials and investigator-initiated research involving inflammatory bowel disease. One of her areas of expertise is in translational medicine.
Another area of expertise for Dr. Smith involves her research on pancreatic cancer. Dr. Smith’s team discovered that growth of pancreatic cancer is controlled by a small protein called gastrin. They further discovered a novel receptor on human pancreas cancer through which gastrin exerts its effects. Dr. Smith’s discovery led to her being the recipient of the Basic Science Research Award, a prestigious award given by the European Pancreas Society for outstanding discoveries in science. Ongoing research using this novel receptor or targeting therapy and early detection of pancreatic cancer is underway. Dr. Smith is also is a co-discoverer of the role of another protein called OGF (Opioid Growth Factor) that inhibits growth of pancreatic cancer. This discovery has been confirmed in both Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials treating patients with advanced pancreatic cancer with OGF.
Dr. Smith was the first ever researcher to carry out a clinical trial of low dose naltrexone. The results of the successful trial in patients suffering from Crohn’s disease has spearheaded ongoing clinical trials by other researchers at several institutions worldwide.
Dr. Smith has been elected as the first woman President of the American Pancreas Association. For three years, she has served as the Chairman of the American Gastroenterology Association’s Research Committee and she currently serves on National Institutes of Health review panels for research grants.
Dr. Smith has chaired a National Cancer Institute workshop on pancreatic cancer and her expertise in pancreatic cancer and translational research has made her a sought-after international speaker in these fields.




















LatestPopularImmune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 20172 months agoImmune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in Nigeria2 months agoImmune Therapeutics, Inc. Files Lodonal New Drug Application in Kenya3 months agoImmune Therapeutics Receives NAFDAC Approval for Lodonal(TM) in Nigeria: Approval Follows Successful Recent Bridging Study1 year agoTNI BioTech, Inc. Forms New Subsidiary, Cytocom Inc., to develop LDN and MENK3 years agoImmune Therapeutics Signs Distribution MOU for Lodonal in Kenya; Company Plans to Open Kenya for Lodonal in 20175 months agoLatest ProjectsLodonal: KenyaIn March of 2017, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Kenya.China:  CAR-TIn April of 2016, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. entered into a binding letter of intent with Super T-Cell Cancer Company, a newly formed Chinese corporation, for the acquisition of Chinese Chimeric Super Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T) cocktail therapy, Immuno-Oncology patents (pending), manufacturing technology, and clinical data.Malawi:  Medical Equipment DonationIn January 2015, The Jack Brewer Foundation (JBF Worldwide)(insert link) and Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced first-of-its-kind donation program to improve access to treatment to prevent cervical cancer that until now has been unavailable to the women of Malawi, Africa.


 







Socials 
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Company Information 
Newsroom
About Us
Therapies
Management

Projects 
Lodonal: Nigeria
Lodonal: Kenya
Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
CAR-T
Cytocom, Inc.

Services 
Doctor Locator
Investor Relations
Grant Information

    































Corporate Governance – Immune Therapeutics, Inc.  Information on LDN and MENK





























































 







 

 

 

 
   
















 






























Corporate GovernanceHome
 / 
About Us
 / 
Corporate Governance











Our board of directors is responsible for directing, and providing oversight of, the management of Immune Therapeutic’s business in the best interests of shareholders. In carrying out its responsibilities, the board selects and monitors top management, provides oversight for financial reporting and legal compliance, determines our governance principles and implements our governance policies. The board, together with management, is responsible for establishing our operating values and code of conduct and for setting strategic direction and priorities.
While Immune Therapeutics’ strategy will evolve in response to changing market conditions, our mission and values are enduring. We believe that good governance requires not only an effective set of specific practices but also a culture of responsibility throughout the firm, and governance at Immune Therapeutic’s is intended to optimize both. We also believe that good governance ultimately depends on the quality of our leaders, and we are committed to recruiting and retaining directors and officers of proven leadership and personal integrity.
As a public company, we are committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations.  Our corporate governance documents provided here validate out efforts to help ensure compliance with legal requirements and standards of ethical conduct and integrity generally.














Committee Charters















IMUN Audit Committee


DOWNLOAD




IMUN Compliance Committee Charter January 2014


DOWNLOAD




IMUN Compensation & Human Resources Committee


DOWNLOAD




Nominating & Governance Committee


DOWNLOAD




IMUN Corporate Guidelines


DOWNLOAD















Governance Documents















IMUN Code of Ethics


DOWNLOAD




IMUN Corporate Guidelines


DOWNLOAD





















LatestPopularImmune Therapeutics Signs Memorandum of Understanding for Distribution of Lodonal™ in Côte d’Ivoire and acquires COPP for Côte d’Ivoire; Company Plans for Approval of Lodonal in Côte d’Ivoire in 20172 months agoImmune Therapeutics Announces NAFDAC Approval for Marketing and Distribution of Lodonal™ for the Treatment of HIV in Nigeria2 months agoImmune Therapeutics, Inc. Files Lodonal New Drug Application in Kenya3 months agoImmune Therapeutics Receives NAFDAC Approval for Lodonal(TM) in Nigeria: Approval Follows Successful Recent Bridging Study1 year agoTNI BioTech, Inc. Forms New Subsidiary, Cytocom Inc., to develop LDN and MENK3 years agoImmune Therapeutics Signs Distribution MOU for Lodonal in Kenya; Company Plans to Open Kenya for Lodonal in 20175 months agoLatest ProjectsLodonal: KenyaIn March of 2017, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) for distribution of its patented Lodonal™ in Kenya.China:  CAR-TIn April of 2016, Immune Therapeutics, Inc. entered into a binding letter of intent with Super T-Cell Cancer Company, a newly formed Chinese corporation, for the acquisition of Chinese Chimeric Super Antigen Receptor T cell (CAR-T) cocktail therapy, Immuno-Oncology patents (pending), manufacturing technology, and clinical data.Malawi:  Medical Equipment DonationIn January 2015, The Jack Brewer Foundation (JBF Worldwide)(insert link) and Immune Therapeutics, Inc. announced first-of-its-kind donation program to improve access to treatment to prevent cervical cancer that until now has been unavailable to the women of Malawi, Africa.


 







Socials 
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Company Information 
Newsroom
About Us
Therapies
Management

Projects 
Lodonal: Nigeria
Lodonal: Kenya
Hubei Qianjiang Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd
CAR-T
Cytocom, Inc.

Services 
Doctor Locator
Investor Relations
Grant Information

    























