




ImpactAssets Funded Guarantee L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Pryce  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ImpactAssets Funded Guarantee L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7315 Wisconsin Avenue Suite 1000 W  
    Bethesda, MD, 20814Phone: 301.280.6070 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


New


$15,150,000


$15,150,000


Other


06b 3C.1 3C


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jennifer Pryce 
 Executive 


 Derek Strocher 
 Executive 


 N/A The Funded Guarantee Gp, Llc 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











ImpactAssets 50: Developing World Markets

















































ImpactAssets invest with meaning


Who We AreWhat We DoOur ProductsGiving FundImpact Investment NotesPublications & InsightsIssue BriefsImpactAssets 50Impact Investor ProjectImpact StoriesAdditional ResourcesNews











Publications& Insights
                    

Resources created and curated to support the growth of impact investing, for those new to the field and for experienced practitioners.










ImpactAssets 50 Help Topics
CLOSE

Filtering:
Use the filter categories on the left to narrow down your results. You can switch years via the dropdown menu. The numbers next to each filter represent the number of results available given your current selection. If you’d like to start over, simply click the “Reset All Filters” link.
Sorting:
Use the dropdown menu found in the top right to arrange your current set of results. Select your preferred sorting option and wait for the results to refresh.
Printing:
Use the print button to print the current page contents. This works for both the summary view and the full Fund Manager detail view.





ImpactAssets 50: A Global Landscape of Impact Investment Fund Managers

						The ImpactAssets 50 (IA 50) is the first open-source, publicly published database of
						experienced private debt and equity impact investment fund managers.
					

http://www.impactassets.org/impactassets-50


ImpactAssets 50

					An Annual Showcase of Impact Investment Fund Managers








‹ Back to Results List












Tweet













Developing World Markets

Website: http://www.dwmarkets.com/
Total Assets Under Management: >$250MM
Asset Class: Private Debt - Absolute Return / Notes, Private Equity


Geographic Focus:


Impact Investment Focus:
Affordable Housing and Community Development
Education and Charter Schools
Small and Medium Business Development
Microfinance/Low-Income Financial Services/Micro-insurance






Firm Overview
DWM is at the forefront of a global effort to create investible solutions to meet the social and economic needs of the developing world. We structure transactions that provide inclusive financial institutions (IFINs) with access to international capital markets. We aim to achieve sustainable development through market-level financial returns for our investors and social returns in the developing world.  DWM has structured and advised on approximately USD 1 billion in creative inclusive finance transactions over the past 10 years. Our transactions have financed over 140 inclusive financial institutions (IFINs) in more than 40 emerging market countries. As of December 31, 2012, DWM managed approximately USD 765 million in impact investments. The DWM team shares the passionate interest of our clients and investors in the social goals served by our transactions. We're serious about investing. We're serious about impact.


Firm Headquarters: US & CanadaYears of Operation: More than 10 years
Total Assets Under Management:
>$250MM


Total Number of Investors: More than 25% of Capital from Top 3 Investors: Less than 25%



Investment Thesis:DWM Seeks to:
Foster the provision of financial services to the poor in developing countriesEnsure the permanence of IFINs through financial strength and continued growthLink IFINs to the vast capital sources of international capital markets DWM Works by:
Understanding the capital needs of IFINs Designing innovative financings that meet IFINs' needsPlacing these financings with institutional investors in developed countriesBringing investor capital to IFINs in the form of debt, equity or other structures 



Investment Example
Thaneakea Phum (Cambodia), Ltd. (TPC) is a microfinance institution founded in Phnom Penh in 1994 that provides small loans to over 100,000 clients, mainly poor female borrowers in rural Cambodia. In 2008, its previous majority owner, Catholic Relief Services (an American NGO), began a bidding process to find a buyer able to guide TPC into its next growth phase. Attracted by the company's track record and market share, Developing World Markets (DWM) stepped forward and purchased a 90% stake; TPC had posted steady growth in its loan portfolio as well as consistent profitability over the previous six years, and enjoyed a competitive position as the fifth-largest microfinance institution (MFI) in Cambodia based on number of clients. The opportunity to assume a majority stake resonated with DWM's hands-on, resourceintensive management strategy. The country's fragmented microfinance sector also suggested potential for consolidation through a future acquisition by a local bank and a possible exit by DWM within a four to five year time horizon. Among other things, under DWM's guidance, TPC continuously reaffirms its commitment to helping the country's most disadvantaged populations and has consequently made operational changes to ensure that it effectively targets these groups. In early 2011, to avoid over-indebtedness and ensure that the right products are distributed to the appropriate client segments, it adopted a new client poverty evaluation tool, developed by Grameen Foundation. Additionally, TPC has engaged two full-time staff to lead financial literacy training among the communities it serves to alert borrowers to the dangers of multiple loans and teach them to analyse their own capacity to repay. This training also imparts basic bookkeeping skills to business owners as they expand from group and individual loans to SME loans.




Leadership and Team


Cumulative Leadership Experience in Investing:
More than 30 years


Cumulative Impact Experience of Top Three Firm Leaders:
More than 30 years





Judy Kirst-Kolkman																							 –  Managing Partner																						 More InfoAs the Managing Partner at DWM, Judy is responsible for developing firm-wide operational strategies, managing DWM's daily business operations and overseeing Fund Management and Administration. Beyond her managerial role, she also chairs DWM's internal credit committee as well as Investment Committee. Judy joined DWM in 1995. From April 2007 to August 2011, Judy led DWM's fund management team. During her tenure as Fund Manager, DWM managed or advised on approximately USD 1 billion of microfinance and impact assets.


Peter Johnson																							 –  Partner, Capital Markets Manager																						 More InfoPeter Johnson is the manager of the capital markets team and is responsible for the origination of structured opportunities, fund development and investor relations. He also serves as the relationship manager for certain investments. He is a member of the DWM Credit Committee and Investment Committee. From 1994 through 2004, Peter co-managed DWM I Fund, L.P., the firm's legacy activity, with Judy Kirst-Kolkman, which participated in over 350 IPOs and Secondary Offerings on local emerging market stock exchanges.


Brad Swanson																							 –  Partner, Private Equity Manager																						 More InfoBrad is a Partner and oversees DWM's private equity business in global emerging markets. He is also a member of the DWM Investment Committee. Prior to joining DWM in 2004, Brad served with investment banks and fund managers in Washington DC (Global Environment Fund), London (Bankers Trust and BNP) from 1995 to 2000, and New York (DLJ) from 1988 to 1990, mainly focusing on emerging markets. He has also worked for the US government twice, first as a diplomat in West Africa for the State Department in the 1980s and again in 2004 in the occupation government in Iraq for the Defense Department, where he managed funding programs for medium, small, and micro enterprises.


James Kaddaras																							 –  Partner, Debt and Legal Manager																						 More InfoJames Kaddaras joined DWM in 2005 and is a partner in the firm. His principal role is as head of the lending team, with overall responsibility for the firm's debt products and transactions. He is a member of the DWM Credit Committee and Investment Committee. A practicing lawyer for many years, Jim provides general oversight on the legal aspects of the firm's transactions and is responsible for its corporate structures. Prior to joining DWM, Jim served as President and CEO of Working Capital and then as VP for Special Projects at ACCION International, a leading microfinance network, following the merger of Working Capital with ACCION USA that he negotiated in 2001.


Percentage of Investment Professionals who are Women and/or Under-Represented Groups in Firm's Geographic Focus:
25% – 50%


Percentage of Board Members who are Women and/or Under-Represented Groups in Firm's Geographic Focus:
25% – 50%






Financial Performance
Target Financial Returns Relative to Benchmark: Market Rates
Actual Performance Relative to Target Financial Returns in the Past Three Years: In line with initial target returns
Financial Reporting Frequency to Investors or Donors Quarterly




Impact Performance
Percentage of Total Assets UnderManagement that are Impact Investments:
100%


Target Impact Outcomes:

Addressing climate change and environmental issues

 Alleviating poverty

Conserving land, ecosystems and natural resources

 Creating jobs

 Increasing access to education and improving educational outcomes

 Increasing access to financial services

Increasing access to healthcare services and improving health

Increasing access to water and sanitation

Promoting arts and media

Providing housing


Value-added Services Offered:

 Access to markets

 Business and legal training

 Financial literacy training

 Technology training

Health services

Education services

Investments systematically target companies where social and/or environmental impact is integral to the product/service being created:DWM exclusively targets inclusive financial institutions, which encompass microfinance institutions, small and medium-sized enterprise lenders as well as adjacent space lenders such as financial institutions that specialize in education or housing. Inclusive Financial Institutions aim to offer financial services to people who would otherwise not have access to commercial finance (alternatives being money lenders). Ensuring each of our investees achieves positive social impact is an integral part of DWM's core values and investment thesis.																		Investments systematically include social and environmental sustainability practices in the due diligence process:DWM requires companies to complete a Social Impact Questionnaire and Scorecard (Social IQS) during the pre-investment due diligence process as well as on an annual basis once an investment has been made. DWM developed the Social IQS and mapped them to be compliant with the Impact Reporting and Investment Standards (IRIS), a framework of transparent, credible and consistent social and environmental impact indicators. IRIS is an initiative of the Global Impact Investing Network (GIIN) and contributes to standardization of social reporting across the industry.The Social IQS uses approximately 60 indicators to evaluate an institution's impact. It produces an overall score to measure social impact, evaluating an institution's social commitment across the following five, weighted dimensions: Client benefit and welfare (40%)
Policies for the prevention of client over-indebtednessCode of conduct and client grievance proceduresTransparency of costs to clientsNon-financial products and servicesWomen's empowerment Outreach and targeting (25%)
Poverty levels of client baseClient base in rural areas or in agricultural sectorsAverage initial loan size Governance (20%)
Mission and visionStrategic plan and focus on social issuesOrientation and experience off board and management teamSalaries/remuneration and incentivesBroad ownership base Responsibility to Community and Staff (10%)
Women representationStaff feedback and grievance proceduresStaff appraisal and incentives Environment (5%) 
Environmental policies and conductEnvironmental education and promotion 



Impact Tracking and Monitoring
Impact is Tracked:Yes
Social and/or Environmental Impact is Reported to Investors and Donors:Yes - on regular basis (annual or quarterly)

Third Party Validations:

 GIIRS-rated fund

B-Corp certified firm

Participant in Global Reporting Initiative

 Signatory of the United Principles for Responsible Investing

Listed on ImpactBase

 Participant on steering committees or leadership roles within impact industry associations

 Publisher or contributor to industry white paper or other research in impact investing


Industry Impact Metric Tools Used:

 Impact Reporting and Investment Standards (IRIS)

Other: GIIRS 




Learn More

Key Contact Name: Alexandra Pope
Phone: (203) 655-5453 x151
Email: alexandra@dwmarkets.com
Website: http://www.dwmarkets.com/

Mailing Address:
750 Washington Blvd., Floor 5Stamford, CT 06901






 





Ready for the next step?
Impact investments are investments made into organizations and funds that generate measurable social and environmental impact as well as financial returns.

make an impact
CONTACT IMPACTASSETS









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





































































Facebook Chases TV’s $70 Billion Stash With Its Own Video Series - Bloomberg






























































  


















Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg






Facebook Chases TV’s $70 Billion Stash With Its Own Video Series
By Lucas Shaw
        
@Lucas_Shaw
More stories by Lucas Shaw

 and Sarah Frier
        
@sarahfrier
More stories by Sarah Frier





June 16, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT







                Video tab on site said to be pushed back to later this year
            



                Company said to fund some ‘hero’ shows with six-figure budgets
            



With the $70 billion TV advertising market in its sights, Facebook Inc. is starting to bankroll the creation of video series that will begin to appear on the world’s largest social network later this year.Facebook is closing deals for its first batch of shows, including two that the Hollywood Reporter unveiled earlier this week -- reality competition series “Last State Standing” and a second season of comedy “Loosely Exactly Nicole,” which first appeared on MTV. The shows will be available via a new video tab on Facebook that hasn’t been released.By funding a slate of original programs, Facebook hopes to entice more production companies to upload premium video, which Facebook will then use to siphon advertising dollars away from television. The lucrative advertising market inspires TV networks to create hundreds of shows and newer media companies, teenagers and aspiring filmmakers to upload billions of hours of video a day to YouTube, Snapchat and other online portals.




Facebook isn’t trying to compete with the highest end of that market -- paid services Netflix, HBO and Showtime. It has its sights set on cable networks and advertising-supported online services with young viewers.“Funding video is a way for Facebook to figure out its greater advertising program,” said Matthew Segal, chief executive officer of ATTN, a digital media company that publishes video to Facebook. “It’s clear they want to be a bigger player in the space; they want to eclipse TV.” Read more: A Bloomberg Intelligence midyear report on internet companiesFacebook has been hosting video for a few years, and two years ago began sharing advertising revenue with some companies that uploaded clips. While many of those companies found large audiences on the social network, few generated enough advertising revenue to treat Facebook as a primary distribution outlet for high-end video.Facebook executives have compared funding original videos to priming the pump at an oilfield, giving creators a financial incentive to upload more video, get a taste of the large audiences they can attract, and come back for more. Facebook has paid celebrities to use its live video feature, and encouraged TV networks and movie studios to stream live events and trailers on the social network for free promotion.









Facebook's Money Machine Targets TV Ad Dollars





Facebook is funding two kinds of programs -- a handful of more expensive series from established TV producers that will take a few months to produce (hero shows, they are called) and a bunch of shorter, cheaper videos from publishers like Vox Media Inc. and BuzzFeed Inc. (called spotlight shows). All shows will be episodic and designed to spur conversation among Facebook users.For the hero shows, Facebook is willing to spend a couple hundred thousand dollars an episode, according to people familiar with the matter, budgets that compare favorably with many cable networks. The shows will be exclusive to Facebook, which has expressed a desire for programs that appeal to young women (think “Pretty Little Liars” or “The Bachelor”), said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing private information.For spotlight shows, Facebook is giving publishers a minimum guarantee of $10,000 to $20,000 an episode up front, and will have exclusive rights to the program for a period of time before the videos can be made available elsewhere, the people said. Facebook will share advertising revenue with the publishers, who can start to sell their own advertisements after a brief period.Facebook has been assembling a team of executives to shepherd its entree into Hollywood, starting with Ricky Van Veen, co-founder of comedy site College Humor. The company has since hired Netflix Inc. executive Sarah Madigan to acquire video programs and former MTV executive Mina Lefevre to oversee the development of new shows. Now Van Veen is looking to hire a head of unscripted development to work under Lefevre, people familiar with the matter said.Facebook’s interest in funding video tantalizes Hollywood, where producers drool at the thought of another deep-pocketed patron alongside fellow tech giants Amazon.com Inc., Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Other new players, like Verizon Communications Inc., have had a harder time, often committing less money to less ambitious shows.With 2 billion people checking their news feed every month, Facebook reaches more people than any TV network. “Not only do nearly 100 percent of people under 35 have an account, but they are spending over 1,000 minutes a month on Facebook,” said ATTN’s Segal.Yet some elements of Facebook’s video strategy are still uncertain, according to employees and partners. Facebook hasn’t detailed how advertisements will be displayed on the programming it’s funding, and has yet to show many of its partners a demo of its new video tab, which is also called Spotlight. Publishers and producers are eager for Facebook to create a new destination for video since most users don’t watch clips in the news feed for more than a minute or two.“Getting people past 90 seconds is still a challenge,” Segal said.The debut of Spotlight was supposed to be earlier this year, was later pushed to June, and may now not happen until the fall, the people said. Facebook had successfully bid to host a live stream of singer Katy Perry around the debut of her new album, but had to forfeit the rights due to the delay of Spotlight, they said. The four-day event, Witness Worldwide, aired on YouTube last weekend.







                        Exclusive insights on technology around the world.
                    

                        Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            










Facebook is also developing a second tab that will be devoted to the more high-end programming, the people said. Facebook prefers not to put details of the video product in writing and will only discuss it by phone, according to people who have dealt with the company. Facebook has also rankled some potential partners by insisting on selling advertising itself and inserting ads into the middle of live broadcasts, the people said.Facebook has a small staff handling original programming, not enough to manage a robust operation. Facebook would rather share money from advertising sales than pay for content in the long term.“The sustainable model is some sort of revenue sharing,” Fidji Simo, Facebook’s head of video product, said in an interview. “The goal is really to get a lot of different partners to come to Facebook share their content and find success. It’s very hard to find that over the long term by funding.”That approach appeals to companies uploading short-form videos, but it may not make sense to high-end creators accustomed to large budgets. TV networks typically pay a licensing fee for a show and then keep revenue from the ads they sell. The studios still often retain the right to sell the program overseas, or sell reruns to other networks, which benefits writers and actors as well.Live sports, an area of growing interest to Facebook, is also very expensive. Facebook has added live feeds of baseball games and soccer matches through deals with different leagues, and previously pursued the rights to stream Thursday Night Football games. For now, leagues are using Facebook to test how many viewers they can reach on the site. They also hope early experiments will convince Facebook to spend big on future rights.



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE













Most Read


Rolls-Royce Unveils Its Grandest Car Yet, the Phantom VIII


Why You’re Being Invited to Fewer Weddings


Jeff Bezos Briefly Tops Bill Gates as the World's Richest Person


Delivery Day Is Here for Tesla’s Model 3


Wells Fargo Does It Again, This Time With Unwanted Auto Insurance


















































NBFC-MicroFinance Firms to Play a Key Role In Financial Inclusion | Creation Investments
































































































Home
Team

About Us
Advisory Board
Investment Team


Portfolio
Impact Investing

Microfinance
SMEs: The Missing Middle
Other Social Ventures
Stories


Contact Us

Careers


Legal

Disclosures


 


















Blog














NBFC-MicroFinance Firms to Play a Key Role In Financial Inclusion
April 19th, 2015News0 comments

 RBI proposes to widen the consumer base of MFIs, by nearly doubling the income limits of an eligible borrower to Rs 100,000 from Rs 60,000 in rural areas, and Rs 1,60,000 from Rs 1,20,000 in urban areas.
The Dollar Business Bureau

By increasing the income cap for the eligibility of a micro-loan borrower as well as the permissible total borrower indebtedness, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has indicated its strong support to non-banking financial companies – microfinance institutions ‘(NBFC-MFIs)’ role in financial inclusion.
The new move is likely to significantly increase the potential market size without affecting borrowers’ servicing ability and improve operating efficiency of NBFC-MFIs, said a report by the rating agency, India Ratings & Research (Ind-Ra).
This move could also be a precursor to expanding NBFC-MFIs’ role in financial inclusion if they maintain and strengthen their underwriting standards. Also, existing MFIs may be tempted to slow down their branch expansion in non-south states, providing opportunities for new players.
RBI proposes to widen the consumer base of MFIs by nearly doubling the income limits of an eligible borrower to Rs 100,000 from Rs 60,000 in rural areas and Rs 1,60,000 from Rs 1,20,000 in urban areas. It also proposes to increase the total borrower indebtedness to Rs 1,00,000 from Rs 50,000. These changes could nearly double the long – term potential of the sector and bring a wider section of poor within the ambit of microfinance. At the same time, MFIs would also have the incentive to increase penetration for existing borrowers as they would qualify for loans with higher amounts in – line with the growth in rural incomes.
NBFC – MFIs’ current underwriting standards seem adequate. This is because in spite of RBI allowing them to lend up to Rs 50,000, only few districts especially in south India and some other states have been saturated in terms of borrower indebtedness or having micro-loans from two or more MFIs, the report said.
They have now been provided sufficient headroom to grow for the next five years. If MFIs ensure a correlation between income, needs and loans, they will not be under pressure to dilute underwriting standards to showcase portfolio growth.
Recently, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has asked the bankers to study the successful micro finance models being followed in other parts of the world and try to adapt them according to the local requirements.
Speaking after the launch of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana aimed at funding the small entrepreneurs of India, Modi said that while there are a number of facilities provided for the large industries in India, there is a need to focus on 5 crore 75 lakh self-employed people who use funds of Rs 11 lakh crore, with an average per unit debt of merely Rs 17,000 to employ 12 crore Indians, reported a PIB release.
The Prime Minister said that MUDRA scheme is aimed at “funding the unfunded”. MUDRA will build on experiences of some of the existing players, who have demonstrated ability to cater to the Non Corporate Small Business segment to build a financing architecture and right eco-system for both the entrepreneurs as well as the last mile financiers to the segment. Access to finance in conjunction with rational price is going to be the unique customer value proposition of MUDRA.
The establishment of MUDRA would not only help in increasing access of finance to the unbanked but also bring down the cost of finance from the Last Mile Financiers to the informal micro/small enterprises sector. The approach goes beyond credit only approach and offers a credit – plus solution for these myriad micro enterprises, creating a complete ecosystem spread across the country, said the Prime Minister.
 

Be Sociable, Share!



























 
 
 





Tweet







Related Posts

Access To Formal Banking Services Raises The Incomes of the Poor
Eko Mobile-Enabled Savings via the Business Correspondent Model in India
Forbes: Investing For Global Impact: Be Early Be Patient  
Mexico’s Compartamos Sees More Growth In Micro-Lending – WSJ.com
Rockstar of Financial Inclusion: Business Correspondent Model of India

Sovrn



Comments are closed.

Leave a Reply


Click here to cancel reply.

You must be logged in to post a comment.







 News 

TBC Bank Wins Multiple Country and Regional Awards for Corporate and Consumer Digital Banking from Global Finance


Fusion Microfinance has been awarded at The Business World Digital India Summit 2017


TBC Bank Group PLC (“TBC PLC”) added to the FTSE 250 Index


2017 Annual GIIN Impact Investor Survey


Finance with a social conscience – Rosanna Ramos-Velita


 ResourcesResources
Select Category
Blog  (64)
Carousel  (3)
Featured1  (3)
Featured2  (3)
Main  (4)
News  (316)
Resources  (59)
Slider  (4)
Video  (17)


Links

CGAP
MicroCapital
Microfinance Gateway
MIX Market

















Creation Investments Copyright 2007-2017










UA-2985204-1


 




















 



O'Driscoll, Peter - Orrick



























Toggle search filter





Search:



Submit













Toggle find a contact filter




Find a person


 
By Name



Submit





By Office
Select from list
Abidjan
Beijing
Brussels
Düsseldorf
Geneva
Hong Kong
Houston
London
Los Angeles
Milan
Moscow
Munich
New York
Orange County
Paris
Portland
Rome
Sacramento
San Francisco
Santa Monica
Seattle
Shanghai
Silicon Valley
Taipei
Tokyo
Washington, D.C.
Wheeling, W.V. (GOC)



By Practice
Select from list
3D Printing
Antitrust & Competition
Banking & Finance
Capital Markets
Class Action Defense
Compensation & Benefits
Complex Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Compliance & Regulatory
Copyright, Trademark & False Advertising
Corporate
Cybersecurity & Data Privacy
eDiscovery & Information Governance
Employment Law & Litigation
Energy
Financial Services Litigation
Fintech
Funds
Impact Finance
Infrastructure
Insurance Recovery
Intellectual Property
International Arbitration & Dispute Resolution
International Trade & Compliance
Investigations
M&A and Private Equity
Mass Torts & Product Liability
Patents
Public Finance
Public Policy
Real Estate
Restructuring
Securities Litigation
Structured Finance
Supreme Court & Appellate
Tax
Technology Companies Group
Trade Secrets Litigation
Trials
White Collar
White Collar, Investigations, Securities Litigation & Compliance



By Law School



Submit





 






Toggle sharing options








Share 


Share 


Share 


Share 


Share 








Twitter





Linkedin





Facebook









Toggle select an office




 
Our Offices
Select from list
Abidjan
Beijing
Brussels
Düsseldorf
Geneva
Hong Kong
Houston
London
Los Angeles
Milan
Moscow
Munich
New York
Orange County
Paris
Portland
Rome
Sacramento
San Francisco
Santa Monica
Seattle
Shanghai
Silicon Valley
Taipei
Tokyo
Washington, D.C.
Wheeling, W.V. (GOC)


 












Toggle navigation















Home
People
O'Driscoll, Peter










Peter O'Driscoll


Partner
New York, London








Facebook


Twitter


Linkedin


Google


Pinterest







Transactions




Peter O'Driscoll heads Orrick's Emerging Markets Group. He has extensive experience in cross-border M&A, private equity, corporate conflicts, impact investment, and growth capital transactions in emerging markets, Europe and the United States.

In addition, he advises on corporate governance matters and has led internal investigations. Although he has worked across a number of industry sectors, much of Peter's work has been focused on transactions in the TMT, oil and gas, and mining sectors.
Peter practiced in New York from 1987 to 1991, in London from 1991 until 2010, and in New York from 2010 until 2013.  Since 2013, he has lived in Lugano, Switzerland, and divides his time between Orrick's offices in Milan, London and New York.
During the period between 2005 and 2012, Peter co-led the Orrick team representing Telenor ASA and its affiliates in five arbitration proceedings in New York, Geneva and London, three of which resulted in final awards, and litigation proceedings in the Southern District of New York, the Commercial Court in London,  and the courts of Russia and Ukraine, including the proceedings to enforce an arbitration award that led to the decision by the United States Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Telenor Mobile v. Storm LLC et al., 584 F. 3d 396 (2d Cir. 2009). The American Lawyer noted that "[t]he interplay between courts, tribunals, and -- potentially -- treaty panels is showcased in the contest for Russian mobile phone operator VimpelCom between Alfa and Norway's Telenor ASA." Those arbitrations were recognized as among the top 10 arbitrations in The American Lawyer Arbitration Scorecard for 2007. The Economist described the dispute as "one of Russia's longest-running and most bitter boardroom battles."








Engagements






Peter's notable engagements include advising:Telenor ASA on its $262 million public offering in the US and Europe of approximately 70 million of its VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ:  VEON) American Depositary Shares (ADSs) and common sharesCalvert Social Investment Foundation, Inc. on the formation of and placement of limited partnership interests in Equity for Impact L.P. and ImpactAssets Funded Guarantee L.P., both Delaware limited partnershipsTelenor ASA on its $500 million public offering in the US of approximately 163.9 million of its VimpelCom Ltd. (NASDAQ: VIP) ADSs, as well as a Regulation S offering outside the US to non-US persons of $1 billion of 0.25% bonds due 2019 that are exchangeable for VimpelCom ADSsTelenor ASA on the formation of F&J Labs and Telenor's investment in F&J Labs/Telenor Co-Invest I, L.P. and F&J Labs/Telenor Co-Invest II L.P., both Delaware limited partnershipsTelenor ASA on its acquisition of TapAd, Inc.Calvert Social Investment Foundation, Inc. on the formation of and placement of limited partnership interests in the Inter-American Opportunity Facility L.P., a Delaware limited partnership formed in conjunction with the Inter-American Development BankSeacrest Capital Group Ltd. on the formation of and placement of limited partnership interests in Seacrest Energy Partners II L.P., a Bermuda-based private equity fundAzEire Petroleum Ltd. on its acquisition of Charge Oil Limited (and its interests in blocks in the North Celtic and Fastnet Basins)Azinor Petroleum Limited on its acquisition of Strike Oil Limited (and its interests in blocks in the North Sea and the Porcupine Basin) and majority ownership of Fortis Petroleum Corporation AS (and its interests in blocks on the Norwegian shelf)Azinam Limited on its acquisition of interests in 13 exploration blocks (five licenses) offshore NamibiaTelenor ASA on its acquisition of 305 million VimpelCom Ltd. preferred shares from Weather Investments II S.ar.l. Exxaro Resources Limited on its $3.4 billion contribution of its South African and Australian mineral sands business to Tronox Incorporated in exchange for Class B shares representing 38.5 percent of Tronox's common stockCorsidian on the sale of its businesses in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Puerto Rico to Aspect Software Inc. Telenor ASA in connection with a cash-settled total return equity swap with JPMorgan in respect of up to 65,000,000 ADRs of VimpelCom Ltd. Seacrest Capital Group Ltd. on the formation of Seacrest L.P., a Bermuda-based private equity fund, and the entry by Seacrest into an oil and gas exploration and production joint venture with a leading geophysical and seismic companyStreamServe Inc. in connection with its merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Open Text CorporationTelenor ASA and VimpelCom Ltd. in connection with the formation of VimpelCom Ltd., a $23.8 billion NYSE-listed emerging market mobile operator, the contribution of Telenor ASA's mobile assets in Russia and Ukraine to VimpelCom Ltd., and VimpelCom Ltd.'s registered U.S. exchange offer and Russian voluntary tender offer for the shares and ADRs of OJSC "Vimpel-Communications" Telenor ASA on its defense against efforts to undermine the ownership of its mobile assets in Russia and UkraineFESCO, a trans-CIS integrated transport company, on its $637 million Rule 144A/Reg. S global equity offering, including negotiating significant equity stakes taken by a multilateral and a sovereign wealth fundSouthWest Energy, an independent African oil and gas company in connection with its M&A, capital raising and exploration and production activitiesAn emerging market private equity fund on the restructuring of its investment in a consumer sector business in Russia, Ukraine and KazakhstanAn emerging market private equity fund as lead investor in a Series A-2 convertible redeemable preferred share round for a prominent Russian software and services businessAn emerging market private equity fund as investor in a retail clothing business in Moscow An emerging market private equity fund on its acquisition of gold and copper mining assets in the Republic of Georgia Telenor ASA on its investment in OJSC "Vimpel-Communications," an NYSE-listed Russian mobile operator, including advising on the first proxy fight involving a publicly traded Russian companyNelson Resources Ltd., an AIM-listed oil and gas company active in Kazakhstan, on its acquisition of control of Chaparral Resources Inc., a U.S. publicly traded oil and gas company active in Kazakhstan Telenor ASA on its acquisition of Gonofone and Marubeni's shares in GrameenPhone, a Bangladesh mobile operator. A European oil and gas company on Asian gas supply and LNG sales issuesTelenor ASA on its acquisition of 100 percent of Comincom/Combellga, a Russian competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC), and the subsequent exchange of shares in Comincom for a 23 percent stake in Golden Telecom, Inc., a U.S. publicly traded telecommunications company active in RussiaTelenor ASA on its acquisition of control of CJSC "Kyivstar G.S.M.," a Ukrainian mobile operatorTsavo Energy and its shareholders on the successful project financing of the Tsavo II independent power project in Kenya A Nigerian independent oil and gas company on its acquisition of a 40 percent stake in an offshore oil and gas field located in Nigeria from Baker Hughes and the subsequent sale of that stake to PetroSAWilliams International on its acquisition and subsequent sale of a stake in AB Mazeikiu Nafta, a Lithuanian oil refinery, port and terminal companyAn emerging market private equity fund on its acquisition of stakes in two independent oil and gas companies active in the CIS Sakhalin Energy and its shareholders on the successful project financing of the Sakhalin II- Phase I offshore oil and gas project in the Russian Far East









Insights







Rising to the Challenge of Growth Capital Equity Investment in the World’s Poorest Countries – A New Model
May.30.2017







Read more

Finance Sector
Transactions


 





De-Risking Emerging Market PE Investments:A Checklist for Investors
November.21.2011







Read more

 


Show more






News







Orrick Advises Telenor on Sale of 70 Million VEON Common Shares and ADSs
April.12.2017







Read more

Technology
Transactions


 





Orrick Advises Telenor on the Sale of a Portion of its Stake in VimpelCom
September.22.2016







Read more

Transactions
Technology


 













D:+1 212 506 5045
E:[email protected]



Addresses:

51 West 52nd Street New York, NY 10019-6142 United States


107 Cheapside London, EC2V 6DN United Kingdom







vCard






Practices

Emerging Markets
M&A and Private Equity
Funds
Impact Finance
Corporate Governance
Internal Investigations
International Arbitration & Dispute Resolution
Derivatives
Africa
Russia

 





Admitted In






New York
Registered Foreign Lawyer in England and Wales








Education






Northwestern University School of Law, J.D., 1987
Oral Roberts University, B.A., English Literature, 1984








Honors






Recommended individual: Emerging Markets, Legal 500 UK 2015 and 2016
Legal Media Group Guide to the World's Leading Banking Finance and Transactional Attorneys - Mergers and Acquisitions
Legal Media Group Guide to the World's Leading Energy and Natural Resource Lawyers
Legal Business' Legal Experts
Articles Editor, Northwestern Journal of International Law and Business








Memberships






Boards of directors of International Health Partners (UK) Ltd. and International Health Partners Inc.
Legal & Regulatory Council, Emerging Markets Private Equity Association
Association of the Bar of the City of New York
American Bar Association








Speeches






"Emerging Market Impact Funds - Mitigating Risks of EM Investments," Capria Network's Intensive Program for Impact Fund Managers, Seattle, February 28, 2017 
Chairman, Panel Discussion, "Structuring Investment Vehicles:  Lessons from Leaders in the Field," SOCAP16, San Francisco, September 14, 2016
Chairman, Panel Discussion, "Deal Structuring," IFC's Annual Global Private Equity Conference in Association with EMPEA, Washington, D.C., May 2008 - 2012, May 2014 - 2017
"Accessing U.S. Capital Markets," American Chamber of Commerce in Italy, Milan, May 28, 2014
"Legal Challenges of Emerging Markets Investing," Institutional Investor Legal Forum, Fall Roundtable, Washington, D.C., October 2013
Panel member, "Compliance Issues for GPs," IFC's Annual Global Private Equity Conference in Association with EMPEA, Washington, D.C., May 2013
"Structuring M&A Transactions that involve Russian Public Companies," M&A Strategies and Opportunities in Russian Oil and Gas, Houston, April 2004
"Due Diligence on Russian Companies," The Art and Science of Russian M&A conference, Moscow, November 2003
Chairman, Panel Discussion, "Infrastructure Finance: Bridging the Gaps," Russia 2001- Funding the Future, Euromoney Conference, Moscow, September 2001
"PSAs in Russia and the CIS," Structuring and Negotiating PSAs in the CIS-;A Checklist for Lenders, Moscow, February 2000
"Training Workshop on Commercial Law," Financial and Risk Analysis in the Privatization of Transport Infrastructure, The Tanzanian Financial and Legal Management Upgrading Project, The International Development Law Institute (IDLI), Arusha, Tanzania, April 21-22, 1999
"Negotiating and Structuring Profitable & Stable PSAs," PSAs in the FSU-;Measuring the Impact of an Uncertain Statutory Framework and Unstable Economy on their Performance, London, January 1999
"Country Risk in Emerging Markets--Applying Advanced Project Finance Country Risk Techniques," Project Finance Case Study, Emerging Market Investor Conference, London, June 1998
"Investment Opportunities & Legislative Developments in Sakhalin Island Oil & Gas," Financing PSAs--Risk Allocation and Security Structures, London, June 1998








Publications






"Rising to the Challenge of Growth Capital Equity Investment in the World's Poorest Countries - A New Model," EMPEA Legal & Regulatory Bulletin, Spring 2017
"De-Risking Emerging Market PE Investments: A Checklist for Investors," EMPEA Legal & Regulatory Bulletin, Autumn 2011
"Debt Financing Alternatives for Russian Oil and Gas," Project Finance International Yearbook 2003, co-authored with Alexander Janes and John Sheedy
"The Project Financing of Production Sharing Agreements in the FSU -- Risk Allocation and Security Structure," Oil & Gas Law and Taxation Review (March 1998), reprinted in International Oil and Gas Finance Review, 1999



 



Not admitted in UK












Cookies on our website






We use cookies on our website. If you continue to use our website, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. For information about how to change your cookie settings, please see our Cookie Policy.









Read more


















Please read before sending e-mail.
Please do not include any confidential, secret or otherwise sensitive information concerning any potential or actual legal matter in this e-mail message. Unsolicited e-mails do not create an attorney-client relationship and confidential or secret information included in such e-mails cannot be protected from disclosure. Orrick does not have a duty or a legal obligation to keep confidential any information that you provide to us. Also, please note that our attorneys do not seek to practice law in any jurisdiction in which they are not properly authorized to do so.
By clicking "OK" below, you understand and agree that Orrick will have no duty to keep confidential any information you provide.

Ok
Cancel















