

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














15 Social Venture Capital Firms That You Should Know About | Cause Capitalism








































































Cause Capitalism
*Good* for profit


















15 Social Venture Capital Firms That You Should Know About

2:06 pm
Categories: Businesses, funding
by  admin
50 Comments


If you like this post, subscribe via email or RSS.TweetBuilding a business is hard. Getting the funding you might need is tough.  But, as you know, when your business satisfies a social or environmental need, your options for funding are even scarcer.  One of the things I hear a lot from social entrepreneurs is the tough time they have finding people willing to fund them.  Traditional investors see the social component of their business as a discount on return on investment. If there’s a financial cost (short-or long-term) of the business’ social component, it’s viewed as a lousy investment choice.  For-profit social enterprises are also excluded from foundation and donation-based funding sources.
There’s a small pool of social venture firms that evaluate a business on its social and environmental performance as well as its financial success. Who are these firms, what types of social enterprises are they looking to support and how can you connect with them? I spoke with Kevin Jones, co-founder of Good Capital and the SoCap Conference to bring you answers to these questions.  You can listen to the interview here.  This post was prompted by an email I got this morning from a women looking for funding options for her social enterprise (by Jake at dresshead).  Below are some progressive new firms funding amazing work and seeing great returns.
Based on suggestions from you, I’ve written about 10 more social venture capital firms.

Acumen Fund: Focus on solving problems of global poverty through loans and equity in India, Pakistan and East and South Africa.
Big Issue Investment: Focus on medium-term growth capital.
Calvert Group: Early, direct investments.
Central Fund: Strong focus on sustainable jobs for low-income populations; services for distressed communities.
City Light Capital: Early stage, social mission-driven companies; focus on good financial returns.
Clean Technology Venture Capital: Invests in mid-sized alternative energy companies with promising exits.
First Light (an iniatitave of Gray Ghost Ventures): Incubator and investment partner to seed-stage, for-profit social ventures
Good Capital: Expansion fund; high-engagement, hands-on investment partner.
Gray Ghost Ventures: Early stage enterprises focused on low-income communities in emerging markets.
Investors’ Circle: Investors’ Circle matches social entrepreneurs with its circle of angel investors.
Root Capital: Focus on grassroots businesses in rural areas of developing countries.
Shared Interest: Invests in fair trade businesses.
TBL Capital: Focus on social enterprises in consumer products, service providers, software, clean technology, green building, health and wellness, and retail.
Triodos Bank: Equity and debt fundraising; Social Enterprise Fund and EIS Green Funds.
Underdog Ventures: Focus on natural and organic food, environment and conservation, socially responsible consumer products, and socially responsible investment companies.

If you or your firm invests in high-impact social enterprises and should be listed here, send me an email, olivia[at]causecapitalism.com, or post it in the comments.

Tags: Acumen Fund, capital, funding, Good Capital, social enterprise, social venture funding



50 Comments
Leave a comment







Kristen Parrinello
April 2, 2010 at 3:02 pm

#



Wow, thanks so much Olivia!  I have just started reaching out into my network and this list is beyond my wildest dreams of what could be put together.  I really appreciate your blog post.
Kristen










admin
April 2, 2010 at 3:08 pm

#



Kristen, it was a great question–I should have posted this list earlier. Good luck and stay tuned for Kevin Jones’ post next week.










Chris Maloney
April 6, 2010 at 2:01 pm

#



I agree with Kristen, WOW!
Great list, thank you!










admin
April 6, 2010 at 2:20 pm

#



Thanks Chris–I really hope it helps. If you come across any others (or I’ve misrepresented here), please let me know.










Abigail
September 13, 2011 at 8:20 pm

#



Olivia,
Thank you for posting this list as a reference guide. Like you, I have been working in the non- profit realm as well as international development. A young professional with a business degree, I am seeking to transition into social venture capital and am challenged to find a firm or venture within a firm’s portfolio which has an entry-level analyst position. Do you know of any firms with formal fellowship programs other than LGT’s iCat program (to which I applied)? With your experience in blending sector experiences, I would value your insight and knowledge. 
Kind Regards,
A










Archana Verma
November 20, 2011 at 2:16 am

#



Hi Olivia,
Great read! I also wanted to introduce to you and your readers – ennovent a venture catalyst that accelerates innovations for sustainability at the base of the economic pyramid. We work with a global network of entrepreneurs, investors and experts to discover, finance and scale up the best innovations. We envision a world in which disadvantaged people in underserved markets have an equal opportunity to sustainable living.
Ennovent’s “Sustainable Enterprise Fund (SEF)” invests in sustainable, for-profit enterprises that make a sustainable impact on the Indian BoP markets. The SEF recently made its first investment in Barefoot Power, a global, social for-profit enterprise that manufactures and distributes solar-powered lighting products. Read more here – http://www.ennovent.com/fund/fundDetails/page/fund_overview
Ennovent has also recently launched its “online global network” (www.ennovent.com) that connects entrepreneurs, investors and experts to share resources and work together to promote for-profit innovations for sustainability at the Base of the Pyramid (BoP). 
Hope this information is useful for those interested to learn more about this space.
Best,
Archana










Rowland Mark
November 22, 2011 at 6:38 pm

#



We are Rowland & Co Consultant and Broker Firm London-U.K, we have a direct genuine provider for BG/SBLC for lease.
If you are interested you contact us through our direct email: [email protected]










Luke Thomas
December 1, 2011 at 1:55 am

#



i love this article!  Thanks so much!  Do you think my social entrepreneurship business model is a  good idea?  It’s a housecleaning company.  A percentage of profits will be donated to help fund vocational schooling 4 poor parents living in gang-dominated, dangerous areas.  My focus is Watts initially!  Would this business model be attractive to any VC firms?  Thanks!










joel solomon
January 15, 2012 at 3:55 pm

#



Take a look at Vancouver, BC based Renewal2 Fund. $35m first
irst social venture fund in Canada and Usa. See RenewalPartners.com for our roots. 
Take a look at RSFSocialFinance.Org in San Francisco. Deep values lenders. Associative economics roots. I’m an Entrepreneur in Residence at RSF. 
Thanks for writing about our pioneering sector. Ten more years will see dramatic growth.










Olivia Khalili
January 15, 2012 at 8:44 pm

#



Joel,
Thanks for the additions. I created a second list, shortly after the first, which includes Renewal.ca. Would love to hear about some of the investments RSF is making and trends in models or sectors you’ve identified.
Thanks,
Olivia










Angela Ongoco
April 26, 2012 at 2:19 am

#



What about Ashoka: Innovators for the Public? http://www.ashoka.org/










Olivia Khalili
April 26, 2012 at 11:19 am

#



Angela, thanks for the suggestion (and I work with Ashoka!). I didn’t include Ashoka as it’s a fellowship, rather than impact investment group. As you may know, the process  for receiving a fellowship (and thus financial support) is a bit different than raising investment capital. Thanks for the comment and it’s great to see Ashoka mentioned.










Bill Jones
July 10, 2012 at 1:48 am

#



I was wondering if you know any good social investment firms I am starting a social company that works to better the community .










Olivia Khalili
July 10, 2012 at 1:03 pm

#



Bill,
Congratulations on this new venture. That’s really exciting. The bulk of firms I’m aware of are listed in these two posts (with additional ones submitted by readers in the comments). If you establish as an L3C, you’re eligible for PRI (reduced-rate loans) from philanthropic foundations. However, L3C status is not available in the majority of states.










raju b kurup
July 17, 2012 at 8:24 am

#



sir
    I would like to start a social venture in south india










Jake Erickson
October 21, 2012 at 12:35 am

#



Thank you Olivia for dedicating the time to run such a website.










Olivia Khalili
October 21, 2012 at 8:53 pm

#



Jake,
Thanks for your comment. I appreciate it. If there’s a specific area in which you’re interested, let me know.










Candice
October 24, 2012 at 8:36 am

#



Hello!
Thanks for this list.  I found it very US-heavy!  Two more from the UK include Bridges Ventures, and Venturesome.
Thanks,
Candice










Olivia Khalili
October 24, 2012 at 11:37 am

#



Candice,
Thanks for these and for providing more global diversification.










george
December 2, 2012 at 2:32 pm

#



My name is George and I’m working with a city named Monessen,  PA.  Monessen was home to several steel mills in the early 1900’s. One in particular, we all are familiar with, Pittsburgh Steel.  It is nestled on all three side by the Monongahela River. It is currently light on population but rich in architecture and character. Monessen was responsible for much of the steel used to construct railroads, buildings, and bridges throughout  cities in the US.  Although this town contributed to unregulated contamination of our environment some time ago, it has since fallen victim to Industry. Monessen now wants to become an example of clean energy.   We recently developed a new Master Plan for the town and are looking forward to any resources available to create a new green existence. We have trendy real estate available to help start ups get on their feet.
George










Olivia Khalili
December 3, 2012 at 12:30 am

#



George,
Fantastic that you’re using this as an opportunity to transform a community and support clean energy initiatives and employment. As a native Pennsylvanian, it’s even more inspiring. If you send me an email (olivia[at]causecapitalism[dot]com) we can talk about potential resources. 
Thanks,
Olivia










Ray Sabbatini
May 22, 2013 at 8:03 pm

#



I am looking for Venture Capitalists or Angel Investors to help me with my nonprofit. I started a nonprofit called Multiple Sclerosis Extreme – MS Extreme, and believe this to be a Great Cause Marketing & Mission Based Branding opportunity! This is a Groundbreaking Nonprofit and there is nothing else out there like it! I am a MS sufferer and will do whatever it takes (literally) to Raise MS Awareness, Empower/Inspire other MS Sufferers, and to help Fund Research in hopes of finding a Cure! I do high profile “Extreme” events and with the right backing/funding the Sky’s the Limit when it comes to advertising and marketing opportunities! I want to make MS Extreme a household name and will do anything it takes to make it happen! visit the MS-EXTREME.ORG website to see what I’m all about and feel free to contact me anytime. By e-mail at [email protected] or by phone at (920)763-4304  Extremely, Ray Sabbatini










Alvaro
October 31, 2013 at 6:38 am

#



Hiii, thanks for the post, we are a social startup that help people and  communities to connect to share skills and time. we are providing of methodology and technology based on the model of time bank and we are adding somme new ideas as “timefunding” and time credit checks to empower people to use their time as currency but also to invest. We are looking for  a cool Social Investor and we apreciate this post a lot. any suggestions?










Olivia Khalili
October 31, 2013 at 1:11 pm

#



Alvaro,
Glad you found this helpful. The bulk of investors and firms I know of are listed in this post and the follow up post (“10 More Social Venture Capital Firms You Told Me About.” Best of luck with your endeavor!










sebastien murat
November 17, 2013 at 1:23 am

#



Here’s another you can add to the list:
Khosla Impact










J fein
November 24, 2013 at 1:21 am

#



Olivia,
You seem to be an expert in this area. For real, you were the first result in my Google search for new sources of nonprofit start up capital.
Can we chat soon about the OpenGrowth of our passions?
Jess










Jason Rauschelbach
December 13, 2013 at 4:39 pm

#



How did Calvert make your list?  They do not make direct early investments in companies, it is a huge mutual fund company…if you are interested in the 15 social venture capital firms that you should know, this isn’t one.










Adl K
April 11, 2014 at 12:40 pm

#



Hi Olivia,
I m very glad to read this page with all of these firms in the list.  My activity (education-agriculture) are located in DRC (congo). And most of these SVC are oriented to East, West or South Africa. None in Central Africa, where I come from.  Do you have any suggestions for SVC working with that part of Africa.  It would be a challenge for me to get in touch with those who currently are interested in this area.
Thanks
ADL










Olivia
April 14, 2014 at 1:02 pm

#



Hi ADL,
I don’t have additional Africa-based SVC contacts. I wish you the best in your work linking education and agriculture.










harry rose
July 15, 2014 at 4:39 pm

#



hi olivia,
do you know which other organization have social entrepreneur conferences (like socap) in the states ?










Aruna
August 3, 2014 at 9:21 am

#



Hi Olivia, thank you very much for such a wonderful post; I live in Sierra Leone, West Africa, and have been searching the net for the past weeks looking for investors in two major projects, plastic recycling and low cost housing development which my country is in dire need of. Will appreciate more post or links in these areas.










Olivia
September 24, 2014 at 1:49 pm

#



Jay,
The organizations highlight in this list support initiatives with a social purpose, not general real estate projects. 
Best,
Olivia










Mitchell Yates
October 4, 2014 at 3:13 am

#



Thanks.That’s really a good need.Growing and developing networks are always handy for business growth.And real estate is no exception to this. These firms will be in my watch list for my endeavour to build my company network










Kate Chen
October 22, 2014 at 9:47 pm

#



Hi Olivia – Thank you for this list.  There are several that I will look into.  I am starting a social enterprise to make the profession of artist more financially viable.  Do you know of angel investors that have funded or would be interested in projects in the arts or for artists?  I have had trouble finding that particular area of focus.  Thank you – Kate










Olivia
October 23, 2014 at 11:48 am

#



Hi Kate,
I don’t. I’ve typically seen art initiatives funded through foundation grants, or by crowdsourced campaigns on Indiegogo or Crowdrise, for example, when there’s a tanglible product or output that people can fund. Investment from individuals seems to come from more personal relationships/connections.










Geetha
October 25, 2014 at 5:44 am

#



Hello Olivia, 
Firstly thanks so much for giving insights on my interested area!
I want to join a VC firm which invests in Social Enterprises, as I am interested in finance and social service as well. Kindly let me know if you can help me on this, we can discuss further in emails.
Regards!










Anina
December 5, 2014 at 1:52 pm

#



Very interesting read/blog, thank you!
I’m particularly interested in health companies, as I think they’re uniquely position to offer innovative, industry-changing new technology at a relatively low price. Have you come across specifically life sciences social impact VCs?










Olivia
December 5, 2014 at 2:12 pm

#



Anina,
I haven’t reviewed new VC firms recently so am unfamiliar with those focused on health care. I know there are some well regarded social enterprises that provide low-tech (high impact) medical devices globally. 
My best,
Olivia (and Penn grad:))










Davinder
April 27, 2015 at 3:54 am

#



Great! We are looking out for Angel or Early stage start up funds to grow our Business that focusses on Women empowerment in India. !
Wish to see more funding Resources for Women Backed Social Enterprises in India.










Susanto
July 25, 2015 at 11:14 pm

#



Hello Olivia,
I just found your blog and its interesting. I am running a consultancy firm in Bangladesh, for expansion i want invest more money on new staff. Do you have any suggestion where i can get fund for this? Thanks!










Lammeck KAJUBI
September 16, 2015 at 4:47 am

#



Thanks a lot Olivia for information










chitra gupta
October 7, 2015 at 7:25 am

#



Is there such list available for investors in India? those who are investing on social entrepreneurs working in India ,, for India.
regds










Olivia Khalili
October 7, 2015 at 1:28 pm

#



Hi Chitra,
I do not have a separate list for Indian social venture funders. 
I would recommend beginning with an online search as new firms are constantly entering the marketplace.
My best,
Olivia










Rajarshi Guha
January 10, 2016 at 2:27 pm

#



Olivia,
Thanks for making a great list, this really helped us to find out VCs who are interested in Social Impact entrepreneurs , which we are . Thanks again










Kingsley
January 24, 2016 at 12:06 am

#



Thanks Olivia for this rich and helpful write up.
I will like to work with you to assist me more in this regard.










Kathy
February 27, 2016 at 9:30 pm

#



Excellent information you’ve mentioned in this post. Visitors will locate related facts at a website like Infiniti Funding. This type of site will be useful for people wanting to see alternate funding info.










Jpost
February 29, 2016 at 7:26 am

#



Nice blog, you have provided good information. Growing and developing networks are always handy for business growth. The fact is the key to investment is risk management. The key to success in business is managing risks as well. Right now I am reading the blog of jpost journal and they also have written investment procedures and described in a reliable way.
I want more articles on how to invest in stock market..










Mike Reddy
March 2, 2016 at 12:24 pm

#



Olivia, this is an extremely helpful list! Great ideas and founders should be attractive to all VCs, but this list points out VCs who could truly shall in the entire mission of a founder, beyond the very important part about providing great returns.
Can you point me to an updated list if you or someone else you know has compiled one? Thanks. Mike










Olivia
March 2, 2016 at 2:27 pm

#



Mike,
I’m glad the list is useful. I originally curated this in 2010, so some of the organizations may be out of date, and certainly there are many new ones who’ve entered this space. I don’t have an updated list to share. 
All the best,
Olivia










Denise
March 22, 2016 at 5:32 pm

#



Thank you for this list, we are always looking for investors for the projects we receive.










Hesbon
April 23, 2016 at 10:18 am

#



How can I get financial backup for my transport business?I am from Kenya










eric coly
April 26, 2016 at 5:24 am

#



Hello Olivia,
Thank you for this wealth of information!
I was wondering how you would recommend finding the $ market size of the ethical/conscious fashion space. I have been looking for website resources or think tanks. Your help would be appreciated.
Cheers,










Joseph Chepsoi
June 7, 2016 at 11:02 pm

#



I am profoundly honoured and exceedingly excited to have found to have found this highly helpful list. Excellent work. Keep it up!










Paco
June 20, 2016 at 1:44 am

#



Hi Olivia!
You wrote this 5 years back and the information is still valid… Thanks for having written this.
We are a social enterprise based out of India working in the field of skill development at the Base of the Pyramid. And yes, we are looking for funding to scale up and sustain after having bootstrapped for the past 30 months.
Do let me know in case you have any ideas.
Warm regards,
Paco
paco at tiksna dot org










Luvo
August 14, 2016 at 4:27 pm

#



Hi Olivia,
I am looking for impact/social investors interested in sport development. Can anyone help me?










Olivia Khalili
August 16, 2016 at 3:22 pm

#



Hi Luvo,
I don’t know of any impact investors that are specifically sports-development related. I know that Beyond Sport (.org) supports innovators using sports for development. Although it’s not an investment firm, you may look into their work.










Rohit Singh
October 1, 2016 at 7:38 pm

#



Thanks a lot. It’s a great list and really helps out budding social entrepreneurs. Appreciate your work Olivia.










Jennifer Brown
November 2, 2016 at 4:55 pm

#



a lot of errors when clicking on links :(










Satyjit Singh
November 7, 2016 at 6:16 am

#



Hey Olivia 
Great article and very help full. I too want to share some points with you and your reader about a similar article that I wrote:
http://www.apptunix.com/smart-tips-to-raise-capital-for-enterprise/
Thanks










Vijay Atawane
November 27, 2016 at 9:01 am

#



Great post, Olivia. Just one suggestion. Latest feedback/comment should be on the top.










Calicut Landmark Builders
December 22, 2016 at 10:06 am

#



Great share, Olivia.Appreciating your hard works and efforts to publish this article










Landmark Village
December 22, 2016 at 10:07 am

#



Thumbs up for your ideas, Great post










Ladder Kerala
December 22, 2016 at 10:08 am

#



Hi Olivia, 
Fabulous post. Cheers
Keep posting











Trackbacks/Pingbacks


In Response to ‘What’s Your Life About?’ He Founded Good Capital–With Kevin Jones - 
		April 5, 2010
[…] aren’t in place to help your early social enterprise scale to serve more people. As I wrote here, for-profit social entrepreneurs have a hard time getting funding because they don’t meet the […]



Social Investing news of note « Shaulablog - 
		April 9, 2010
[…] Olivia Khalili does a nice roundup of the leaders in the social venture funding space in her blog: 15 Social Venture Capital Firms You Should Know About.Â  on the more traditional end of this range (but still very much in the range) I would also add my […]



10 More Social Venture Capital Firms You Told Me About - 
		April 12, 2010
[…] response to an email I received asking about sources of social venture capital, I published this list of 15 social investment firms. Based on tweets and suggestions I got from people like you who are using business to meet social […]



4 Funding Options for Your Social Business Venture - 
		July 30, 2010
[…] 15 Social Venture Capital Firms You Should Know About 10 More Social Venture Capital Firms You Told Me About The Best Kept Secret to Social Venture Funding? […]



The 15 Top Posts on Good Business of 2010 | Cause Capitalism - 
		January 9, 2011
[…] 1. 15 Social Venture Capital Firms That You Should Know About […]



130 Ways to Fund Your Social Venture |SocialEarth - 
		January 19, 2011
[…] able to find every funding avenue out there, so comment your ideas below. Honorable mentions go to Cause Capitalism, Green VC, Shana Dressler and Rachael Chong for their fantastic venture funding […]



YBG - 
		January 31, 2011
[…] companies seeking a social mission or cause marketing, and some insight for investors.- Editor.1. 15 Social Venture Capital Firms That You Should Know About2. 10 More Social Venture Capital Firms That You Told Me About3.Â Will B Corp’s New Campaign Be […]



Want Social Venture Funding? Prepare Yourself | Cause Capitalism - 
		February 20, 2011
[…] help you build strong businesses and I’ve identified 25 potential investment sources for you here and here. This post, inspired by tactics other social entrepreneurs have used to get funding, is to […]



Seen & Heard â€“ What you might be missing « Acumen Fund Blog - 
		January 20, 2012
[…] Capitalism wants you to know about 10 social venture capital firms making a […]



Entrepreneurship Is Fueling Global Change | The Gratitude Network - 
		July 9, 2013
[…] banks (such as Triodos Bank in Europe), and a variety of emerging venture firms (see a great listhere, from Olivia Khalili of Cause Capital […]



 



 
I'm Olivia Khalili. I created Cause Capitalism to show you how to grow your business by incorporating a social mission. I've worked extensively with both nonprofits and for-profits. I found that when you combine the two, you grow your profits, impassion all your stakeholders and do good in the world.                Read more.
 
Never Miss a Post  Subscribe by email
Presentations 
Categories 
Build a Purpose-driven Business (25)

Business Models (46)

Businesses (63)

Cause Marketing (48)

Commercial & Nonprofit Partnerships (53)

Conscious Business (3)

Consumer Behavior (33)

Corporate Social Responsibility (70)

Employee Involvement (35)

Evaluation (6)

Events (27)

funding (7)

Interviews (72)

Micro-lending (9)

Podcast (57)

Products (24)

Rants & Raves (58)

SRI (9)

Tools (18)

Trends (40)

Uncategorized (15)

Web/Tech (29)















© 2017 Cause Capitalism. All Rights Reserved.


Powered by Wordpress. Designed by  















Inventures I | Inventures | Impact Venture Capital Funds


































About us
Team
Funds
Invest
Get Funded











Story and figures


The fund Inventures was founded in 2011 by Olivier de Duve, who worked in venture capital in Europe and the US. He was working and living abroad and became concerned with youth employment, especially when considering his children’s future. For the next generation to have good jobs in Europe, investment in small companies is crucial. Together with several friends and former colleagues, he founded Inventures and MyMicroInvest to tackle this problem.


Inventures I is a €15 Million fund that focuses on seed, early stage and growth businesses, and has selected 15 companies for investment. Active since 2012, the fund invested in businesses that focused on societal goals including: health, education, environment, well being. The fund is dedicated to early-stage businesses (40%) and growth-stage businesses (60%).


Investment strategy


Inventures I was designed to improve our world by enabling great entrepreneurs. As a result, the fund focuses on solutions, products or services, that contribute to solving societal problems. Specifically in the following industries: health, education, environment, society, environment and economy.


Co-financing with the crowd – The innovative feature of Inventures is that it includes citizens in a multi-stakeholder partnership, through the crowdfunding platform MyMicroInvest. The crowd reinforces the selection of companies, and increases the chances of success by creating a large community of ambassadors sharing the same values while also following and promoting the business’ progress.


Investment process



Sectors
We have outlined the following aspects of each industry that are of interest to us:


Environment and conservation

Reduce energy consumption, and promote green energy production.
        Enable and spread access to vital resources.
        Promote green and efficient means of transportation.
      


Health

A healthy, balanced and environmentally friendly diet.
Reducing widespread physical and mental health problems like obesity, anorexia, depression.
Enable and grant access to specialised treatment for a larger public.



Education

Enable and grant access to smart education.
Promote access to communication technologies such as internet and mobile phones.





Society

Enable and support minority integration.
Help the well-being of families.



Economy

Promote access for all to transparent financial services.
Support a stronger economy and reduce unemployment.
Promote the businesses of micro-entrepreneurs.



Portfolio



2houses is an online platform offering practical tools, content and advice for separated parents.



2-Observe designs, produces and sells medical monitoring systems for breathing.



Acar’Up developed a new method to eradicate house dust mites, a product which attracts mites and a technical textile which traps the allergenic dust mites.





AproPLAN is construction management software that lets you keep track of your progress & collaborate with your team. Get work done in the office and on-site.



Auctelia is an efficient way to buy and sell used machines and industrial equipment (timber, metal, etc) online through auctions and direct sales.



Domobios is specialized in the research and development of sustainable and non-toxic products that eliminate household pests such as mites, bedbugs, lice, fleas, and cockroaches.





Domoscio creates adaptive e-learning for better learning and retention by linking cognitive science, big data and artificial intelligence together.



Elysia provides laboratory information management systems (LIMS), chromatography and quality control systems to the pharmaceutical, agrochemical and nuclear/PET industries. Elysia designs, manufactures, sells and services measurement instruments.



Fear Hunters (aka KooraChoo + AromaKids) is a solution for parents and children to help them manage their emotions with a plush toy book and essential oil spray.





OncoDNA is a medical diagnosis company with experience in DNA sequencing and diagnostic analyses in oncology.



Opinum ias an energy monitoring platform for buildings.



Santech specialises in the development and commercialisation in B2B2C sector of a customisable medical platform, specialised in prevention and support.





Social Stock Exchange is a fully regulated market place designed to improve access to capital for social impact businesses by connecting them with impact investors.



YouScribe is an online platform for selling digital books.



Zen Car is a Belgian car sharing service of 100% electric vehicle fleet with dedicated charging stations.


Discover Inventures II ›






Impact Venture Partners, L.P. | MyCapital























Home
Venture Capitalist
Bank & Advisor






Capital Express
Loan Express
Post Business Profile
Venture Capital Directory
Resources
Signup & Login









Impact Venture Partners, L.P.


Contact Details
|
Focus Industries
|
Preferred Financing Stage
|
Company Briefings
|
Email this investor
|
Forward to a friend


www.impactvp.com
Contact Details:


                                599 Broadway,  11th Floor 
                                New York, 
                                NY 10012                                                                

                                    Phone: 212 - 219- 3931                                     Fax: 212 - 214- 0909                                 



                                    Financing Contact: 
                                    
                                                                                                            Satin Mirchandani, Partner    Email this Investor



Focus Industries:


Biotechnology
 Business and consumer products
 Computer hardware
 Financial services
 Healthcare
 IT services
 Industrial and energy products
 Media and entertainment
 Medical Equipment
 Networking
 Retailing and distribution
 Semiconductors
 Software
 Telecommunications
 Real estate


Preferred Financing Stage:


Seed
 1st Round
 2nd Round
 3rd Round
 4th Round and later
 Pre-IPO
 Mezzanine
 Buyout/acquisition


Preferred Company Type:


Private Company(backed by venture capital firms)
Private Company(not backed by venture capital firms)
Public Company




Email this Investor

 




NOT A MEMBER YET?
Become part of our community.
Sign Up Now
Joining is easy and free.

Gain access to investor info
Post profile to attract investors
Connect to investors and more





FEATURED VC INVESTORS

Okapi Venture Capital
Greylock Partners
Bain Capital Ventures
Sequoia Capital
Kentucky Seed Capital Fund
Nokia Growth Partners
Band of Angels
Hunt Capital Group







About  |
Privacy Policy  |
Terms of Use  |
Contact  |
Site Map

Copyright 2015 MyCapital, Inc. All rights reserved













Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Nothing is invented, for it’s written in nature first. Antoni Gaudí, Architect    

Impact Venture Capital: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























impact venture capital
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Impact Venture Capital operates as a venture capital firm. The Company invests in technology companies. Impact Venture Capital serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

345 Lorton Avenue
Burlingame, CA 94010
United States


Phone:
1-888-292-4748


Fax:
1-916-404-5098


Web url:
www.impactvc.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 








Reinventure Capital - Radical Innovation. Solid returns.































































 
 
 




                  RETHINKING INVESTING               
We see things differently.

And what others don’t see is their loss and our gain.
 


   




We see emerging, vibrant networks of innovative entrepreneurs, many of whom are of color and women, overlooked by mainstream investors.
 



   








We see an untapped pool of founders who are
pursuing scalable business opportunities,
addressing challenging social and environmental issues,
yet lack the capital to grow.
 


   




 



 
We see a different approach to investing capital that will produce strong returns to shareholders and intentional benefits for stakeholders.
We invest growth-stage capital in companies that have the potential for both excellent financial returns and sustainable, measurable impacts… MORE »



We know from experience that its possible to do much better than either/ or. We know its possible to create greater value, and we are committed to working with others who are not satisfied with the false choice between financial value and social value.
« LESS

   












We are accomplished at seeing value where others see none.
We have deep experience in impact investing, innovation and technology development and cultivating community. We are serial pioneers that have led successful “firsts” across diverse sectors and geographies.

No content needed here for now.

 




                  Edward Dugger III               

Ed, who is President, is a pioneering impact investment leader. He has managed venture capital funds for over 23 years … MORE »





                  Julianne Zimmerman               

For more than 25 years Julianne, who is Managing Director, has been putting technology to work for the greater good … MORE »



Ed, who is President, is a pioneering impact investment leader. He has managed venture capital funds for over 23 years on behalf of institutional investors committed to profitable, yet socially responsible investments. To be specific, he managed The UNC Venture Funds as President of UNC Partners, Inc. These funds focused on emerging and acquired companies operating in growth-oriented industries. This experience provided Ed with extensive investment experience in such areas as computer and digital technology; commercial air transportation; consumer products; broadcast media, commercial and residential real estate development; and environmental services.  The capital of the Funds was invested to consciously expand business opportunities for entrepreneurs of color and attracted over $1 billion of co-investments and financing for the growth and development of portfolio companies.
As a prominent business and civic leader, Ed served as a director and member of the Executive Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and is currently a Director and Member of the Executive Committee of Boston Community Capital, one of the largest regulated Community Development Finance Institutions (CDFIs) in the United States. He is the Chair of the Board of Boston Community Ventures and serves on the Executive Committee of the Massachusetts Business Roundtable.  Most recently, he has guided growth companies to launch initiatives that: 1) anticipate the impact on business of rapid demographic and environmental changes in the United States and 2) develop new business models transforming these changes into competitive advantages for businesses.
Based in Boston, Ed is a graduate of Harvard College and Princeton University (MPA-UP, Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs).
I’m a proud papa of three children, all of whom have been bitten by one of the “bugs” that has smitten me.  My son Cyrus (Brown Univ., NYU Law) has the social justice bug and is a labor lawyer in New York City, having recently set up his own law firm. My son, Langston (Brown Univ., Dartmouth MBA) has the entrepreneurial bug, and although he is currently a Senior Assistant Brand Manager at P & G, he is destined to be an entrepreneur.  My daughter Chloe (Brown Univ., Oxford Univ., UK, MA Development Studies, Africa & Asia) has the economic justice bug and is pursuing it in Johannesburg, South Africa.
When I am not bragging about my children, I spend my time as a serious fitness buff, photographer, family genealogist and practitioner of Buddhism.  Divorced, I spend as much time as I can sharing love, laughter and life with the new apple of my eye.
« LESS


For more than 25 years Julianne, who is Managing Director, has been putting technology to work for the greater good in the US and abroad.  Along the way she has contributed in a variety of roles:  Co-Founder of a seed-stage investment firm;  VP of Communications at a utility-scale energy storage company;  Co-founder and Director of Business Development of a biofuel company;  VP of Engineering at a water purification company;  and trusted mentor, board member, advisor, or consultant to many more. Julianne invests heavily in cultivating community, including as a mentor with the MIT Venture Mentoring Service and life deacon in her church;  she recently concluded a three-year term as Co-chair of the MIT Enterprise Forum Innovation Series.  As an author and speaker for domestic and global audiences, she has contributed to GreenMoney, GreenBiz, Sloan EMBA, GIST Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp, All-Russia Innovation Convention, and the MIT Nuts & Bolts Course, among others;  she also frequently serves as a judge for technology and entrepreneurship competitions, and as a connectrix for innovators around the world.
Julianne earned two undergraduate degrees from MIT (Aero/Astro Engineering and Literature / Humanities), an MS from the University of Maryland, and an executive certificate in sustainability management from the Presidio Graduate School;  she previously volunteered as a certified Emergency Medical Technician in Maryland (PGFD 1) and Massachusetts (Boston Marathon finish line medical services);  she served as a research diver at the University of Maryland Space Systems Laboratory.  She was twice a finalist in the NASA astronaut selection process.
I love both idea and execution, right brain and left brain.  Best of all is when both come together, as Richard Feynman so beautifully wrote: “Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars – mere globs of gas atoms. I too can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more? The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination — stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light. A vast pattern — of which I am a part… What is the pattern, or the meaning, or the why? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little about it. For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it. Why do the poets of the present not speak of it? What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?”
« LESS


    







We anticipate generating a non-concessionary internal rate of return, and significant measurable impacts.
We will seek our impact through investments allowing us to address inequities in the allocation of capital to founders who are of color and women and to share wealth more equitably. MORE »

We invest growth-stage capital in companies that have the potential for both excellent financial returns and sustainable, measurable impacts.
These young companies are poised for success because they have developed novel business models to address social and economic inequities in finance, health and wellness, energy and contamination, and related areas.
We are able to help them succeed because we have developed expertise in strategically attracting and applying the right resources — equity, debt, and other finance; people; partnerships; etc. — to achieve each company’s specific aims.
Working together, Reinventure Capital and our portfolio teams share common purpose to create value for all our stakeholders: investors, founders, employees, customers, partners, and community members.
« LESS

 


    






Join Us In Re-Inventing Investing.
If you also see things differently, we invite you to step forward. Tell us who you are. We’ll get right back to you.














Please leave this field empty.


Reinventure Capital
Boston | San Francisco USA
617 500-6607






  © 2017 Reinventure Capital. All Rights Reserved. 






Menu







        
        Reinventure Capital

                    

ImpactTeamReturnsContactBlog: Reinventions 



  







      
  
    Buy Pneumatic Actuated Valves - Free Shipping over $50 | Zoro.com
  

    
LAWN AND OUTDOOR SALE•20% OFF 5 CATEGORIES•Enter Code: LAWNGEAR•JULY 25-31•SEE DETAILS AND CATEGORIESEnter Search TermWelcomeMy AccountSign OutSign In/Register...Cart
          
            Shop Categories
          
        
                Safety & SecuritySafety & Security
                      Fall Protection, Facility & Traffic  Safety Equipment 
                    
                      Gloves, Eyewear, Ear Protection, Masks & Clothing
                    
                      Padlocks, Lockout/Tagout & Security Equipment
                    
                      Signs & Labels
                    
                      Test Instruments & Gauges
                    
                Tools & MachiningTools & Machining
                      Abrasives & Polishers
                    
                      Cutting, Holemaking & Shaping Tools
                    
                      Hand Tools
                    
                      Knobs, Handles, Workholding & Machine Tool Accessories
                    
                      Power Tools and Accessories
                    
                      Raw Materials
                    
                Plumbing & HVACPlumbing & HVAC
                      Fans & HVAC Equipment
                    
                      Pipes, Valves & Fittings
                    
                      Toilets, Sinks, Faucets & Plumbing Supplies
                    
                Material HandlingMaterial Handling
                      Carts, Trucks & Casters
                    
                      Drum & Dock Equipment
                    
                      Material Handling Equipment (Pulling, Lifting, Lowering, Conveying)
                    
                      Storage, Shelving, Ladders & Lifts
                    
                Electrical & LightingElectrical & Lighting
                      Electrical Supplies & Generators
                    
                      Lighting, Flashlights & Batteries
                    
                Adhesives, Fasteners, & WeldingAdhesives, Fasteners, & Welding
                      Adhesives & Sealants
                    
                      Fasteners
                    
                      Tapes (Electrical, Duct, Painters)
                    
                      Welding & Soldering Equipment & Supplies
                    
                Janitorial & Grounds MaintenanceJanitorial & Grounds Maintenance
                      Door and Cabinet Hinges & Hardware
                    
                      Grounds Maintenance & Outdoor Equipment
                    
                      Janitorial & Cleaning Supplies
                    
                      Paint, Coatings & Supplies
                    
                Power Transmission & PneumaticsPower Transmission & Pneumatics
                      Auto & Truck Maintenance
                    
                      Bearings, V-belts & Power Transmission Equipment
                    
                      Compressors, Air Tanks & Pneumatic Tools 
                    
                      Fluids & Lubricants
                    
                      Hydraulic Cylinders & Equipment
                    
                      Motors
                    
                Office & ShippingOffice & Shipping
                      Office Supplies, Furniture & Breakroom Supplies
                    
                      Shipping & Packing Supplies
                    About UsPayment OptionsResourcesPromo CodesContact UsShop CategoriesAdhesives, Fasteners, & WeldingElectrical & LightingJanitorial & Grounds MaintenanceMaterial HandlingOffice & ShippingPlumbing & HVACPower Transmission & PneumaticsSafety & SecurityTools & MachiningAbout UsPayment OptionsResourcesPromo CodesContact UsMy AccountSign OutSign In/RegisterHomePipes, Valves & FittingsValvesPneumatic Actuated Valves
            Browse Categories
            Filter by
                Brands
                
                Price
                
          See 12 More Filters
        
    featured
  Impact Spring Assist, 1/4 In, 2-23/32 In LHABONIM|Zoro #: G4797222 |
    Mfr #: IMPACT
  Features: 7 Year WarrantyHeight: 1-13/16"Item: Impact Spring Assist
    View Full Product Details
    
  
    
      This item ships free. DetailsStandard ground shipping$381.95/eaqtyAdd to CartShowing 
      1 - 30 of 62
      results
    
  Sort by: RelevancePrice: Low to High
        Price: High to Low
        Product Name: A-Z
        Product Name: Z-A
        Brand: A-Z
        Brand: Z-A
        Previous123Next123Shipping InformationA $5.00 shipping and handling fee is charged on orders totaling less than
        $50.00
        before tax and shipped to one address within the continental United States.No shipping and handling is charged to customers for standard ground delivery on orders of
        $50.00
        or more before tax.Shipping Policy Exceptions:Not all products qualify for the above Shipping Policy. Additionally, standard shipping rates will apply for all orders to Alaska and Hawaii.Any charges incurred for hazardous materials or other special handling by the carrier must be paid by the customer.Fuel surcharges may be applied.Zoro only accepts orders for shipments within the continental US, Alaska and Hawaii.Orders to international destinations will not be processed.Zoro does not ship to PO Box addresses.UPS is our primary parcel carrier and we use a variety of carriers for LTL shipments.Expedited Shipping Rules:To qualify for expedited shipping Zoro must receive your order before 3:00PM CST Monday–Friday; all orders must weigh less than 150 lbs, and not contain any hazardous materials.Expedited orders only ship on business days; any orders placed on Satudays/Sundays/Holidays will be processed on the next business day.If you have any questions please call our customer service department at 855‑BUY-ZORO (855-289-9676).In Stock
  Item ships from Zoro warehouses and will ship within 1 business day. Standard delivery time is 3-5 business days.
  You will be provided tracking via email as soon as your order ships.
Orders that qualify for expedited shipping must be placed by 3pm CST to ship same day.Limited Stock
  This item has low stock in our warehouses and your order will ship based on availability. If an item cannot be fulfilled immediately it will be ordered from our manufacturer.
Orders that qualify for expedited shipping must be placed by 3pm CST to ship same day.Backordered
  Item is not currently in stock and will be ordered from manufacturer to fulfill your order.
  As soon as your order ships you will receive tracking information via email.
Drop ship
  Item will ship from manufacturer within the lead time specified on this page.






impact1st




 



























 





 

















 








INVESTING in ISRAELI SOCIAL-TECH
		

LEADING GLOBAL CHANGE, MARKET RATE RETURNS
		










THE HOME for
		

SOCIAL START-UPS
		










LEVERAGING ISRAELI TECHNOLOGY
		

to CREATE GLOBAL SOCIAL IMPACT
		










TECHNOLOGICAL SOLUTIONS
		

for the GREATER GOOD
		


 


 








Mission

Impact First Investments is the first Israeli impact venture capital fund with the trifold aim to bolster Israeli technology, to build global social impact, and to obtain market-rate returns.
Impact investing is dynamic. It’s a web of enterprise, venture, and ingenuity with the goal to do good and do well. At Impact First, we capitalize on boldness.
Technology has the ability to both address challenges and scale solutions. We capitalize and advance this interest. We recognize this growing potential of doing good and doing well, and combined with experience in Israeli high tech, we have the ability to address global social challenges by supporting social tech startups.
Israel has claimed its title as the Start Up Nation, and through its innovation and tech industry, has successfully enhanced the lives of individuals and communities around the world. Impact First seeks to build on the already existing brand of Israel as the Start Up Nation, and to elevate Israel’s unparalleled aptitude for tech innovation and the growing ‎global interest in the impact investment market, in order to create sustainable global social impact and earn market-rate returns.






Our Team
Yair SafraiCecile BliliousYali HarariYael Kwiat LivneHanan Miron







 
Yair Safrai 
Active Chairman 




 Yair Safrai 

Yair Safrai, chairman at Impact First Investments, is an experienced veteran of Israel’s high tech and venture capital industries. In the last few years, Yair has served as an Active Chairman, board member, private investor, and Acting CEO in several high tech companies and investment funds. In the middle of the 1990’s, Yair co-founded Concord Ventures, a $270m group of funds and is still active in this group today. Prior to that, at the very beginning of Israel’s VC industry, Yair served as VP of the Nitzanim Venture Fund, one of Israel’s first and most successful VC funds. Before joining Nitzanim, Yair was in charge of business development at BVR Technologies, and held key consulting, marketing, and business development positions at IGS Inc. and at P.O.C. Yair holds a B.Sc. in Economics and Management from Tel Aviv University, an MA in International Studies from the Lauder Institute of the University of Pennsylvania, and an MBA from Wharton Business School. Yair served as jet fighter pilot in the Israeli Air Force.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Cecile Blilious 
Co-Founder, Managing Partner 




 Cecile Blilious 

Cecile is the Founder and Managing Partner at Impact First Investments, Israel’s first impact venture fund. Impact First is exclusively focused on investing in technology companies that are creating innovative ways to address global social challenges through new ideas, technologies and business models. Cecile specializes in merging technology, profit and social impact and is a pioneer of the impact investing industry in Israel.
Prior to founding Impact First, Cecile managed the Noaber Foundation’s Israeli investments for over 14 years, and has extensive hands-on management experience with high-tech start-ups. Additionally, Cecile held executive positions and led several companies as a CEO and, on behalf of the Noaber Foundation, served as a chairperson and board member on many more. Moreover, she was one of the initiators of the Al-Bawader private equity fund, established to invest in businesses in the Arab community in Israel. Cecile volunteers as a mentor and loan committee member at the Keren Shemesh Foundation for the Encouragement of Young Entrepreneurs. Cecile is a board member and observer of Impact First’s portfolio companies, and treasurer of the Business Ethics Center in Jerusalem. Prior to beginning professional career, Cecile served as an intelligence officer in the Israel Defense Forces. Cecile is also an alumnus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem where she studied political science and international relations.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Yali Harari 
Venture Partner, USA 




 Yali Harari 

Yali Harari, general partner USA at Impact First Investments, has been leading organizations for over 25 years, and has extensive management experience in the technology, software, hardware, and services space. In the last few years, Yali has expanded her activities to the non-profit sector and has founded the Write Wellness group, a consultancy firm which helps social initiatives develop and grow. Prior to that, Yali was the CEO of 3i-MIND, Kamoon Inc., and Tescom Israel Ltd. Yali also served as the COO and head of Global Services for NICE systems (NASDAQ:NICE). Yali holds a B.Sc. in Mathematics and Statistics From Tel-Aviv University, studied Business Management at Brunel University, and is part of the 2012 Women Leadership Forum conducted at Harvard Business School.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Yael Kwiat Livne 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  




 Yael Kwiat Livne 

Yael Kwiat Livne, Business Development at Impact First Investments, has extensive management experience building and growing a start up company. Prior to Impact First Investments Yael was the Director of Finance and HR at Sensible Medical Innovations Ltd., A Medical Device Start-up company, where she orchestrated many of the company operational activities such as managing the Chief Scientist program and establishing the company’s subsidiary. Prior to that Yael worked at Bank Leumi Israel as a Recruiting and Assimilating Coordinator. Yael holds a B.A in Economics and Management from The Tel Aviv Academic College and an MBA from Recanati Business School in Tel-Aviv University.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Hanan Miron 
Partner and CFO 




 Hanan Miron 

Hanan Miron, partner and CFO at Impact First Investments has held various CEO and CFO positions with technology and investment companies based in Israel and the US. His last position was CEO of Aurum Holdings Ltd., the investment arm of Morris Kahn. Previously Hanan held CFO positions with Schema, BackWeb and Nice as well as serving as President of Nice North America. Hanan mentors various start- up companies in scaling up their business. Hanan holds an LLB from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, an MBA from the Tuck Business School in Dartmouth College (US) and an LLM (summa cum laude) from IDC in Israel.


Connect Now:  

 












 Board and Advisory Board
Nechemia (Chemi) J. PeresRami KalishDr. Yoav Ben-DrorYoram YaacoviTomer Kalkstein LoubatonDr. Amir Lerman







 
Nechemia (Chemi) J. Peres 
Chairman of the Advisory Board  




 Nechemia (Chemi) J. Peres 

Nechemia (Chemi) J. Peres, chairman of the advisory committee at Impact First Investments, is a Managing General Partner and Co-Founder of Pitango Venture Capital. In 1992, Chemi founded the Mofet Israel Technology Fund, an Israeli venture capital fund publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Chemi has served on the boards of several NASDAQ companies such as AudioCodes, BackWeb, Magic Software Enterprises, Aladdin, VocalTec, Orckit Communications and Koor Industries, among others. Chemi currently serves on the boards of numerous Pitango portfolio companies and also for several non-profit organizations. He is chairman of the Peres Center for Peace, board member at Social Finance Israel, and serves on the board of Governors of the Caesarea Foundation. Chemi holds a BSc. degree in Industrial Engineering and MBA from Tel Aviv University. Chemi served as a pilot in the Israeli Air Force for 10 years.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Rami Kalish 
Board Member, Chairman of the Investment Committee  




 Rami Kalish 

Rami Kalish, chairman of the investment committee at Impact First Investments, is a Managing General Partner and Co-Founder at Pitango Venture Capital. Prior to founding Pitango, he held sales and marketing positions at IBM and senior executive roles at Orbotech. Rami currently serves on the Board of Directors of ForeScout Technologies, Surf Communication Solutions, Red Bend Software, YCD Multimedia, WeFi and RocketPlay (formerly: Gamingo). Rami served on the Board of Directors of several Pitango portfolio companies that went public on NASDAQ, including: ITXC, CardGuard, VocalTec, Retalix, Optibase, RADWARE and on the Board ot Optonol (acquired by Alcon). Rami is a member of the advisory boards of the Technion Entrepreneurship & Innovation Center, The Merage Foundation for U.S.-Israel Trade and The Educational Center for Tolerance and Peace of the Hebrew Reali School in Haifa. Rami holds a B.Sc. in Industrial Engineering and Information Science from the Technion Institute of Technology.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Dr. Yoav Ben-Dror 
Board Member 




 Dr. Yoav Ben-Dror 

Dr. Yoav Ben-Dror, founding partner at Impact First Investments, is an Israeli investor primarily interested in medical devices and stock exchange software companies. Dr. Ben-Dror is a board member at Keren Shemesh, Chairman of Dagon Batey-Mamguroth Le-Israel Ltd., Chairman of Radiancy Inc., Chairman of Fitango Inc., Chairman of Neurotech Solutions Ltd., Director at Final Inc., Trustee at the Hecht-Zilzer Trust, and a member of the Board of Trustees of H.I.T – Holon Institute of Technology. Dr. Ben-Dror is a former Chairman of Dubek Ltd., former director of H.I.T, and former Director of Cellcom Ltd, one of Israel’s leading telecommunications companies. Dr. Ben-Dror was involved with InStent, sold to Medtronic in 1996, Influence, sold to AMS in 1999, and Disc-O-Tech, whose technology was sold to Kyphon and J&J in 2007. Dr. Ben-Dror holds a J.S.D. from UC Berkeley and is a former lecturer of Law at Tel Aviv University. Dr. Ben-Dror is a director at ANU – making change LTD. (HLZ) (social activity).


Connect Now:  

 








 
Yoram Yaacovi 
Member, Advisory Board 




 Yoram Yaacovi 

Yoram in the general manager of the Microsoft Israel R&D center, one of the three Microsoft Global Development Centers (GDCs), responsible for the R&D centers in Haifa and Tel Aviv, new core R&D projects and incubations, and partnering with the local VC community and academia.
Yoram is a board member of the Israeli Advanced Technology Forum (IATI) and Chair of the Multinational R&D Center in Israel (MNC Forum). In 2010 Yoram founded the MNC Forum, a forum that brings together the General Managers of all the Multinational R&D centers in Israel, which consists of close to 50 companies. In addition, Yoram is a member of the core team of Breaking the Impasse (BTI), and have founded the “Small Steps” workgroup within BTI, to encourage and drive small steps towards co-existence between Israel and Palestine.
Previously to his current role, Yoram was the CTO of the Microsoft Israel R&D, VP R&D and COO of the products group at Amdocs (NYSE:DOX), responsible for the Amdocs Products suite and spent 11 years in product development roles at Microsoft’s Headquarters in Redmond, including products such as Windows 95, NetMeeting, Microsoft Reader, Rights Management Server (RMS) and Office Information Bridge Framework.
Yoram is the co-author of 23 patent applications and several IETF RFCs including Dynamic LDAP. He has a BSc in Computer Science from the Technion.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Tomer Kalkstein Loubaton 
Board Member 




 Tomer Kalkstein Loubaton 

 Investor, Representative & Director
 Educational technology Consultant
 Learning difficulties Specialist
Tomer Kalkstein Loubaton ,a board member at Impact First Investments,
is an investor and investor representative in technological businesses.
Tomer has served on the boards of several technological startups in Israel
and was a CEO of Snir, an Israeli non-profit organization providing
disadvantaged children with equal opportunities in education and culture.
Tomer specializes in special needs education ,learning difficulties
and integrating technology into educational solutions, particularly for
special needs children.
Tomer has an M.A. in Law and is pursuing an M.A. in Educational Technology.


Connect Now:  

 








 
Dr. Amir Lerman 
Advisory Board Member 




 Dr. Amir Lerman 

Dr. Amir Lerman, MD. Is a professor of medicine and a consultant in the cardiovascular division at the Mayo graduate school of Medicine. Dr. Lerman serves as an associate chair and the director for research for the cardiovascular division and the director of the Mayo cardiovascular research center. Dr. Lerman graduated from the Technion school of Medicine in Haifa Israel and completed his training in internal medicine, cardiovascular diseases and invasive cardiology at the Mayo Clinic.
Dr. Leman interest is coronary physiology and imaging, regenerative medicine and digital health. Dr. Lerman is serving on the advisory board of several companies and a faculty member of the Mergae Institue. Dr. Lerman published more than 500 manuscripts, book chapters and reviews; the NIH, AHA, and several foundations support his research.


Connect Now:  

 












The
Portfolio
AngelSense Intendu Neurotech Solutions EarlySense   






Our Partners
Our partner landscape is quite diverse. Our partners are among the top and the strongest in their fields. They provide our companies with guidance and assistance in finding the most groundbreaking and significant solutions to global social problems.
We’ve established a community of organizations that wholly believe in the strength and capacity of technology to scale solutions.




























Contact us







Israel
11 Hamenofim St.
Ackerstein Bldg. B,  11th floor
Hertzliya 46725
Israel
+972-9-9718132
info@impact1st.com


USA
7 World Trade Center, 46th Fl
250 Greenwich St.
New York, NY 10007
USA
+1-201-970-6166
yali.h@impact1st.com






















 











 











 
























