










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
































Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Starbucks Betting on China for the Future
Jul 28th, 2017
				Starbucks on Thursday announced new plans to dramatically increase its presence across Asia, while at the same time cutting back retail presence throughout the U.S., closing 379 Teavana...   






Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

							Jul 27th, 2017						 

							Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second...   
 





Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Starbucks Betting on China for the Future

					Jul 28th, 2017				





					Starbucks on Thursday announced new plans to dramatically increase its presence across Asia, while at the same time cutting back retail presence throughout the U.S., closing 379 Teavana stores...  
More »

Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Advanced Photonix (NYSEMKT:API) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.12
American National Insurance (NASDAQ:ANAT) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Alexandria Real Estate Equities (NYSE:ARE) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows
Amarin Corporation PLC (NASDAQ:AMRN) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows
Aegean Marine Petroleum Network (NYSE:ANW) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25
Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
BidaskClub Upgrades BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (BPT) to Buy
Reis, Inc (NASDAQ:REIS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
AMC Networks (NASDAQ:AMCX) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.27
Allegiant Travel (NASDAQ:ALGT) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Affect Asanko Gold (NYSEMKT:AKG) Stock Price
Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Positive” Rating for Cara Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARA)
Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MHLD) Price Target Cut to $12.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co
Airbus SE (EAD) Given a €88.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts
Telefonica SA (TEF) Given a €10.50 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML) a €135.00 Price Target
BioLife Solutions, Inc. (BLFS) Upgraded at Janney Montgomery Scott
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Given “Buy” Rating at Instinet
PPG Industries, Inc. (NYSE:PPG) Stock Rating Upgraded by Argus
SouFun Holdings Limited (NYSE:SFUN) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research



 
 









































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Impax Asset Management AIFM Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























impax asset management aifm ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Limited provides investment management services. The Company offers investment advisory, research analysis, investment strategies, portfolio and asset management, financial planning, and consulting services. Impax Asset Management serves clients worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Norfolk House
31 Saint James's Square
London, SW1Y 4JR
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-20-7434-1122


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.impaxam.com





Board Members




Chief Compliance Officer
Company


Charlie Ridge
Impax Asset Management Group PLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


J Keith R Falconer


Director




Ian Richard Simm


Director




Peter Van Egmond Rossbach


Director




Bruce Jenkyn-Jones


Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































﻿
































Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Xylem Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Xylem Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC
PTC Inc. (NASDAQ:PTC) Stake Boosted by LS Investment Advisors LLC
LS Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 584 Shares of Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES)
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Position Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC
Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC
LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $16.68 Million Stake in CVS Health Corporation (CVS)
Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Position Cut by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd
AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR) Stake Raised by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund
Amryt Pharma PLC’s (AMYT) Speculative Buy Rating Reiterated at Beaufort Securities
Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Analysts Give Hershey Company (The) (HSY) a $118.00 Price Target
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Given a $73.00 Price Target by Stephens Analysts
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Downgraded by UBS AG to Hold
BioLineRx Ltd. (NASDAQ:BLRX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (EKSO) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (NYSE:CQH) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NWBI) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.22 Per Share
Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Has $1,973,000 Position in Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP)
Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund
Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Boosts Position in Bank of the Ozarks (NASDAQ:OZRK)
Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Acquires 988 Shares of Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO)




 


Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 




LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of  Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) by 6.7% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 9,831 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 614 shares during the period. LS Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Xylem were worth $545,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in  Xylem by 2.3% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 17,939 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $901,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period.  Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in  Xylem by 29.9% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 432,277 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $21,709,000 after buying an additional 99,573 shares during the period.  Gulf International Bank UK Ltd boosted its position in  Xylem by 1.9% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 54,251 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,724,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period.  Contravisory Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in  Xylem by 96.1% in the first quarter. Contravisory Investment Management Inc. now owns 2,345 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 1,149 shares during the period.  Finally, Catawba Capital Management VA boosted its position in  Xylem by 11.0% in the first quarter. Catawba Capital Management VA now owns 35,328 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,774,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  85.91% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Xylem Inc. alerts:



Xylem Inc. (NYSE XYL) opened at 56.87 on Friday. Xylem Inc. has a one year low of $45.60 and a one year high of $57.85. The company’s 50-day moving average is $55.16 and its 200 day moving average is $51.17. The firm has a market cap of $10.22 billion, a PE ratio of 40.91 and a beta of 1.18. 




Xylem (NYSE:XYL) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.39 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.07 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. Xylem had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 6.75%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 26.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.35 earnings per share.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Xylem Inc. will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first  reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/28/xylem-inc-xyl-shares-bought-by-ls-investment-advisors-llc.html. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on XYL. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $60.00 price target on shares of Xylem in a report on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $62.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, July 4th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Xylem from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. upped their price target on shares of Xylem from $58.00 to $60.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets began coverage on shares of Xylem in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $60.00 price target for the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued  a buy rating to the company. Xylem presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.85.
In related news, insider Tomas Brannemo sold 14,080 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total transaction of $709,068.80. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 21,000 shares in the company, valued at $1,057,560. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Steven R. Loranger sold 66,132 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.01, for a total value of $3,637,921.32. Following the transaction, the director now owns 65,030 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,577,300.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.75% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About Xylem
Xylem Inc is a water technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and services engineered solutions across a range of critical applications. It is an equipment and service provider for water and wastewater applications with a portfolio of products and services addressing the cycle of water, from collection, distribution and use to the return of water to the environment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XYL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL).







Receive News & Ratings for Xylem Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


















































































Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Acquires 8,485 Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Xylem Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Consolidated Edison Inc (ED) Lifted to Hold at BidaskClub					

Clorox Company (The) (CLX) Downgraded to Strong Sell at BidaskClub					

Education Realty Trust Inc. (NYSE:EDR) Upgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) to Hold					

ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE) Lifted to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers FirstCash Inc (FCFS) to Buy					

BidaskClub Lowers Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) to Buy					

BidaskClub Upgrades CommVault Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVLT) to Buy					

BidaskClub Lowers CytomX Therapeutics, Inc. (CTMX) to Sell					

Dominion Diamond Corporation (NYSE:DDC) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

CRH PLC (NYSE:CRH) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) to Hold					

Cimpress N.V (NASDAQ:CMPR) Downgraded to Buy at BidaskClub					

Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:CLDX) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Blue Buffalo Pet Products, Inc. (BUFF) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Colliers International Group Inc. (CIGI) to Buy					

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (NASDAQ:BBVA) Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Achaogen, Inc. (AKAO) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCOI) Lifted to “Buy” at BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Acquires 8,485 Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL)					

						 July 18th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID raised its stake in shares of  Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) by 2.0% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 436,281 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 8,485 shares during the period. Xylem accounts for about  2.7% of Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID’s portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID owned about 0.24% of Xylem worth $24,183,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Asset Planning Services Ltd. increased its position in shares of  Xylem by 0.3% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 2,107 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period.  Contravisory Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of  Xylem by 96.1% in the first quarter. Contravisory Investment Management Inc. now owns 2,345 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 1,149 shares during the period.  Cribstone Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Xylem by 1,214.6% in the first quarter. Cribstone Capital Management LLC now owns 2,432 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 2,247 shares during the period.  CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its position in shares of  Xylem by 160.3% in the second quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 2,655 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $146,000 after buying an additional 1,635 shares during the period.  Finally, FNY Partners Fund LP purchased a new position in shares of  Xylem during the first quarter worth approximately $151,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  85.51% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL) traded down 0.626% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $56.365. 310,515 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $10.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 40.550 and a beta of 1.18. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $53.05 and a 200-day moving average of $50.40. Xylem Inc. has a one year low of $45.60 and a one year high of $56.62. 




Xylem (NYSE:XYL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.01. Xylem had a net margin of 6.75% and a return on equity of 15.53%. The business had revenue of $1.07 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.35 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 26.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Xylem Inc. will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Investors of record on Thursday, May 25th were issued a dividend of $0.18 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, May 23rd. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.27%. Xylem’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 50.35%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Acquires 8,485 Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL)” was  reported by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/mountain-pacific-investment-advisers-inc-id-acquires-8485-shares-of-xylem-inc-nysexyl/1449742.html. 
XYL has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Cowen and Company lifted their price objective on shares of Xylem from $56.00 to $60.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Xylem from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $51.00 to $59.00 in a research report on Monday, May 15th. CIBC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $58.00 price objective on shares of Xylem in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  set a $58.00 price objective on shares of Xylem and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets initiated coverage on shares of Xylem in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $60.00 price objective for the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $56.85.
In related news, insider Tomas Brannemo sold 14,080 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total transaction of $709,068.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 21,000 shares in the company, valued at $1,057,560. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Steven R. Loranger sold 66,132 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.01, for a total transaction of $3,637,921.32. Following the sale, the director now owns 65,030 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,577,300.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own  0.75% of the company’s stock. 
About Xylem
Xylem Inc is a water technology company. The Company designs, manufactures and services engineered solutions across a range of critical applications. It is an equipment and service provider for water and wastewater applications with a portfolio of products and services addressing the cycle of water, from collection, distribution and use to the return of water to the environment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XYL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL).



Receive News & Ratings for Xylem Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xylem Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Micah Haroldson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































 







Impax Asset Management Group plc | Asset Management















Skip to main content



















SHARE PRICE
CHANGE:
AUM inc. Advice:


 
-1.00% (03:00 PM on 23.07.14)




 £6.7bn / $8.7bn 30 Jun 2017  

 
INVESTOR RELATIONS


































A long-term perspective
Clear Investment




 




Innovative resources
Clear Investment




 




Long-term growth
Clear Investment




 




Generating opportunities
Clear Investment




 
 

 











Resource Efficiency Markets
Read More



 







Listed Equity
Read More



 







Private Equity Infrastructure
Read More



 







Sustainable Property
Read More



 



 
 






Impact Investing     Click here  

Investment Trust  Impax Environmental Markets plc website   Visit site 

Receive our news  Sign up for automated news alerts   Sign up 

 
 




















Interim report for the period ended 31 March 2017












TWITTER 








Follow Impax










OUR PERSPECTIVES 







 

Climate change investment risk: update on the "Smart Carbon" methodology, April 2017  



 

Investing in Water: tapping into a source of resilient growth   



 

Climate change investment risk: Update on the “Smart Carbon” methodology, October 2016  



 

Environmental impact methodology  



 

Carbon risk for investors: Building a "Smart Carbon" portfolio   



 

Quantifying "green alpha"  




 


    All papers  

 



Impax blog 




 29 Jun 2017Why the TCFD recommendations are in the interests...By Ian Simm
 



 10 May 2017EU’s 2030 package promises tailwinds for renewable...By Ian Simm
 



    All posts  

 









Search 




Search
 




















































Impax Asset Management %28AIFM | Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd 

                Last Update: 05-12-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 22

                    Number of New Stocks: 1




                    Total Value: $315 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 6%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Impax Asset Management (AIFM) Ltd's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK




















IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT (AIFM) LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT (AIFM) LTD
                    

HTTP://WWW.IMPAXAM.COM/
•   LONDON, X0
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Impax Asset Management (aifm) LTD is based out of London. Impax Asset Management (aifm) LTD is a hedge fund  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $859,971,311 (Form ADV from 2016-12-21).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $315,056,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 57.16%. Impax Asset Management (aifm) LTD's largest holding is Clean Harbors Inc. with shares held of 422,689.   WhaleWisdom has at least 10 13F filings in our database for Impax Asset Management (aifm) LTD. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT (AIFM) LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


AYI
        
        Acuity Brands Inc (...
2.437%



BWA
        
        Borg Warner Inc
1.53%



GNRC
        
        Generac Holdings Inc
1.016%



AWK
        
        American Water Work...
0.89%



CLH
        
        Clean Harbors Inc.
0.87%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


ST
         
         Sensata Technologie...
4.564%


HOLI
         
         Holysys Automation ...
3.632%


CLC
         
         CLARCOR Inc.
3.544%


TSL
         
         Trina Solar Ltd
1.942%


UNFI
         
         United Natural Foods
0.175%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


CLH
                                                  
                                                  Clean Harbors Inc.
7.4558%


UNFI
                                                  
                                                  United Natural Foods
5.8821%


TRMB
                                                  
                                                  Trimble Navigation Ltd.
5.8272%


XYL
                                                  
                                                  Xylem Inc
5.686%


WTS
                                                  
                                                  Watts Water Technologies, Inc.
5.5454%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $315.056 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $343.301 Million
New Purchases1 stock
Additional Purchases15 stocks
Sold out of4 stocks
Reduced holdings in5 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %57.16%
Turnover %
                        [1]:22.73%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:16.97%
Time Held Top20:5.95 quarters
Time Held Top10:4.40 quarters
Time Held All:7.59 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT (AIFM) LTD






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.19%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
14.88%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-28








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-28
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

IMPAX ASSET MANAGEMENT

Classified as Hedge Fund

NORFOLK HOUSE
31 ST JAMES'S SQUARE

LONDON

            
        SW1Y 4JR
Country: United Kingdom


          Business Phone:
          011 44 207 434 1122
Fax:
              011 44 207 434 1123


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Principal Office Outside the US,Related Advisor
      


Form of Organization:
Other (specify) UNITED KINGDOM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (LTD)


Organized in:



Number of employees:
65


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
110,197,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
1



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.IMPAXAM.COM/


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























