

	IMPERFECT Trademark of IMPERFECT FOODS, SPC. Serial Number: 86534520 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
IMPERFECT










 
Get FREE email alerts













IMPERFECT  Trademark Information
 IMPERFECT FOODS, SPC
Retail and on-line grocery store services featuring home delivery service; Wholesale food distributorship services




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
retail   online   grocery   store   services   featuring   home   delivery   service   wholesale   food   distributorship   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the IMPERFECT trademark by IMPERFECT FOODS, SPC 
                                in EMERYVILLE, CA, 94608.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this IMPERFECT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner IMPERFECT FOODS, SPC of the IMPERFECT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the IMPERFECT trademark.
                           






On Friday, February 13, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        IMPERFECT by 
                        IMPERFECT FOODS, SPC, EMERYVILLE, CA  94608.
                        The USPTO has given the IMPERFECT 
                        trademark serial  number of  86534520.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is STATEMENT OF USE FINAL ACTION, PRIOR ISSUES UNRESOLVED.
                        The correspondent listed for IMPERFECT is 
                        
                        
                                            Michael Serra of 
                                            Locke Lord LLP,  2800 Financial Plaza, Providence, RI 02903 
                                .
                            The IMPERFECT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for IMPERFECT 
                            is Retail and on-line grocery store services featuring home delivery service; Wholesale food distributorship services. 
                            





Word mark:
 IMPERFECT


  Status/Status Date:  


STATEMENT OF USE FINAL ACTION, PRIOR ISSUES UNRESOLVED

5/30/2017

Estimated Response Deadline: 11/30/2017See Trademark response services




  Serial Number:  
86534520


  Filing Date:  
2/13/2015


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Retail and on-line grocery store services featuring home delivery service; Wholesale food distributorship services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/6/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

IMPERFECT FOODS, SPCEMERYVILLE, CA  94608
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Supplemental


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Michael Serra
Locke Lord LLP
2800 Financial Plaza
Providence, RI 02903






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
7/11/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your IMPERFECT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/30/2017
STATEMENT OF USE FINAL ACTION, PRIOR ISSUES UNRESOLVED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Michael Serra


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of IMPERFECT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search imperfect on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for IMPERFECT 




IMPERFECT is providing Retail and on-line grocery store services featuring home delivery service; Wholesale food distributorship services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Imperfect Foods, SPC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:56 AM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of Imperfect Foods, SPC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Imperfect Foods, SPC sells wonky-looking produce, such as fruits and vegetables through its online store. It delivers fruit, veggie, regular mixed, and organic mixed boxes to homes and offices in Oakland, Berkeley, Emeryville, Albany, Alameda, Concord/Walnut Creek, Lafayette, and other areas. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Emeryville, California.


1385 63rd StreetEmeryville, CA 94608United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 510-595-6683

www.imperfectproduce.com







Key Executives for Imperfect Foods, SPC




Mr. Ben Simon


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Ben Chesler


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Ron Clark


      	Chief Supply Officer
      








Mr. Robin Nicolaus


      	Director of Supply
      








Ms. Aleks Strub


      	Director of Marketing
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-800 CONTACTS, Inc. United States 12Degrees Corp. United States 1A Auto, Inc. United States 1SaleADay L.L.C. United States 1stdibs.Com, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      May 5, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      December 21, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Imperfect Foods, SPC, please visit www.imperfectproduce.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































Apply for Imperfect Foods, Spc $30,000 Jobs | Indeed.com




Skip to Job Postings, SearchClose






Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job







Upload your resume


Sign in







:







What
Where





Advanced Job Search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company







Tip: Enter your city or zip code in the "where" box to show results in your area.



















Imperfect Foods, Spc $30,000 jobs


Filter results by:
Sort by: relevance -
date

You refined by:
$30,000+ (undo)
Salaries estimated if unavailable




Job Type




Full-time (4964)

Contract (235)

Temporary (77)

Commission (64)

Part-time (36)

Internship (6)






Location




Fremont, CA (81)

Austin, TX (76)

Boise, ID (49)

Irvine, CA (47)

San Jose, CA (44)

Manassas, VA (41)

San Diego, CA (40)

Torrance, CA (38)

Chicago, IL (33)

Sunnyvale, CA (33)

Malta, NY (31)

Salt Lake City, UT (29)

Atlanta, GA (28)

Santa Barbara, CA (25)

Nashville, TN (25)

more »




Company




Jack in the Box (110)

EATON (76)

Micron (74)

Pars Group LLC & Northwest Food Management Group (67)

PARKER HANNIFIN CORP (56)

Hair Cuttery Salon (43)

Tenneco Inc. (42)

Tesla Motors (42)

Orbital ATK (37)

Trinity Restaurant Group West, LLC (36)

GLOBALFOUNDRIES (34)

Corning (34)

Lisi Aerospace (33)

Pall (30)

Raytheon (29)

more »




Experience Level




Mid Level (2843)

Entry Level (1073)

Senior Level (457)










Jobs 1 to 10 of 5,210

 Upload your resume - Let employers find you








Production Supervisor (Mfg Supervisor 2 (Mfg))




Lumentum Operations LLC

 - 

13 reviews
 - San Jose, CA


What do we do? Lumentum (NASDAQ: LITE) is a market-leading manufacturer of innovative optical and photonic products enabling optical networking and



Sponsored - save job








Machine Operator




Leatherman

 - 

10 reviews
 - Portland, OR

$11.86 - $19.50 an hour


Job Openings: Machine Operator Shifts Available: D1: Sunday – Wednesday 4am – 2:30pm D2: Wednesday – Saturday 4am – 2:30pm D3: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,



Sponsored - save job








Production Manager



Kamet

 - Sunnyvale, CA 94086


Work with Quality team on projects such as SPC, MRB meetings, problem solving using 8D and/or 5 Why’s methods, and priority escalations, etc....



 Easily apply


Sponsored - 1 hour ago   -  save job









1st Production / Machine Operator




US Farathane


 - 

89 reviews
 - Austin, TX 78753 (Windsor Hills area)





Immediately notify Supervisor of all discrepancies to established quality checks (ie, sample boards, inspection instructions, SPC, etc.)....


 Easily apply


7 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all US Farathane jobs in Austin, TX - Austin jobsSalary Search: Machine Operator salaries in Austin, TXLearn more about working at US FarathaneUS Farathane questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How do you feel about going to work each day?Do they hire felons?Related forums: US Farathane - Austin, Texas










Machine Operator- 3rd Shift- Merrill Road




US Farathane


 - 

89 reviews
 - Sterling Heights, MI 48310





Immediately notify Supervisor of all discrepancies to established quality checks (ie, sample boards, inspection instructions, SPC, etc.)....


 Easily apply


17 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all US Farathane jobs in Sterling Heights, MI - Sterling Heights jobsSalary Search: Machine Operator salaries in Sterling Heights, MILearn more about working at US FarathaneUS Farathane questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How do you feel about going to work each day?Do they hire felons?Related forums: US Farathane - Sterling Heights, Michigan










Office & Admin Specialist Int




State of Minnesota


 - 

128 reviews
 - Saint Paul, MN



$16.16 - $21.42 an hour


This position provides direction and leadership to all SPC parking lot work-study employees, a variety of detailed procedural program information and services...


19 hours ago   -  save job - more...

View all State of Minnesota jobs in Saint Paul, MN - Saint Paul jobsSalary Search: Office Administrator salaries in Saint Paul, MNLearn more about working at State of MinnesotaState of Minnesota questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:What is the sick leave policy like? How many sick days do you get per year?What is the interview process like?Related forums: Saint Paul, Minnesota - State of Minnesota










ANY SHIFT Production / Machine Operator




US Farathane


 - 

89 reviews
 - Austin, TX 78753 (Windsor Hills area)





Immediately notify Supervisor of all discrepancies to established quality checks (ie, sample boards, inspection instructions, SPC, etc.)....


 Easily apply


30+ days ago   -  save job - more...

View all US Farathane jobs in Austin, TX - Austin jobsSalary Search: Machine Operator salaries in Austin, TXLearn more about working at US FarathaneUS Farathane questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How do you feel about going to work each day?Do they hire felons?Related forums: US Farathane - Austin, Texas










Semiconductor Application Engineer




Inficon


 - 

6 reviews
 - Washington State





Knowledge of Fault Detection and SPC, Computer Networking and Factory Automation, is required. Our emphasis on innovation and its source - dedicated employees -...


 Easily apply


7 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Inficon jobs in Washington State - Washington State jobsSalary Search: Semiconductor Engineer salaries in Washington StateLearn more about working at InficonRelated forums: Inficon










Data Analytics Consultant



Monger Marketplace, SPC


 - North Hollywood, CA 91602



$35 - $50 an hour


Data Analytics Consultant Status: Contractor Position: Part-Time, Off-Site, 10 hrs/week Company Overview Monger was built to help you pay off your


 Easily apply


2 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Monger Marketplace, SPC jobs in North Hollywood, CA - North Hollywood jobsSalary Search: Consultant salaries in North Hollywood, CALearn more about working at Monger Marketplace, SpcRelated forums: Monger Marketplace, LLC










Machine Operator




US Farathane


 - 

89 reviews
 - Orion, MI 48359
 +4 locations




Immediately notify Supervisor of all discrepancies to established quality checks (ie, sample boards, inspection instructions, SPC, etc.)....


 Easily apply


7 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all US Farathane jobs in Orion, MI - Orion jobsSalary Search: Machine Operator salaries in Orion, MILearn more about working at US FarathaneUS Farathane questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How do you feel about going to work each day?Do they hire felons?Related forums: US Farathane - Machine Operator










Sr. Process Engineer




Finisar


 - 

43 reviews
 - Fremont, CA 94538 (Irvington area)





Experience in SPC rules, control charts, and other aspects of manufacturing/operations. KEY JOB DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:....


1 day ago   -  save job - more...

View all Finisar jobs in Fremont, CA - Fremont jobsSalary Search: Senior Process Engineer salaries in Fremont, CALearn more about working at FinisarFinisar questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:What benefits does the company provide?What is the sick leave policy like? How many sick days do you get per year?Related forums: Fremont, California - Finisar - Process Engineer










Screw Machine Operator - Bremen, IN




RBC Bearings


 - 

31 reviews
 - Bremen, IN





Knowledge of SPC. RBC Bearings is a well known international manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered precision plain, roller and ball bearings....


 Easily apply


5 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all RBC Bearings jobs in Bremen, IN - Bremen jobsSalary Search: Machine Operator salaries in Bremen, INLearn more about working at Rbc BearingsRbc Bearings questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How did you get your first interview at RBC Bearings?On average, how many hours do you work a day?Related forums: RBC Bearings - Bremen, Indiana










Chem Lab Technician



Sierra Circuits, Inc.


 - Sunnyvale, CA





SIERRA PROTO EXPRESS Position:  CHEM lab technician POSITION SUMMARY:  The Chem Lab Technician is responsible for maintaining wet process chemistry...


 Easily apply


8 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Sierra Circuits, Inc. jobs in Sunnyvale, CA - Sunnyvale jobsSalary Search: Laboratory Technician salaries in Sunnyvale, CARelated forums: Sunnyvale, California












CMM Programmer



Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC

 - Endicott, NY 13760


Participates in problem solving activities using data analysis and SPC techniques, as well as effective cross-functional problem solving skills....



 Easily apply


Sponsored - 16 hours ago   -  save job








Lab Technician (PCB)



Lenthor Engineering, Inc.

 - Milpitas, CA 95035

$18 - $25 an hour


Maintain file system on chemical analysis, cross-sections, and SPC data. Lenthor Engineering, Inc....



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








            Never miss a job. Get new jobs emailed to you daily.






Be the first to see new Imperfect Foods, Spc $30,000 jobs














My email: 




Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me




If you are human, don't check this box






You can cancel email alerts at any time.






Results Page:  1  2  3  4  5   Next »


Related Forums:
Process Engineer
 - Machine Operator



Salaries:
Process Engineer salary
 - Machine Operator salary

 




Be the first to see new Imperfect Foods, Spc $30,000 jobs














My email: 


Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me






If you are human, don't check this box






You can cancel email alerts at any time.





Company with Imperfect Foods, Spc $30,000 jobs








Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC

For over 70 years, EMT has been recognized as a Top Tier Manufacturer of metal component parts.







Jobs (1)
Reviews (1) 
Salaries (2)













Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 10 million stories sharedJobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - Work at Indeed - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms






















            			Imperfect: Ugly produce delivery for 30-50% less!
		





























































Login
Sign Up












SIGN IN




































×

More About Delivery





Why do you do overnight delivery?
Overnight delivery keeps your produce fresh longer! This way, it’s not sitting on your porch in the sun all day.
How does overnight delivery work?
For our overnight routes, our drivers are trained not to ring doorbells or buzz customers–as excited as we are about produce, we’re not trying to wake you up in the middle of the night for it! On your assigned delivery day, a driver will drop off your produce order according to your delivery instructions (this is why we need specific directions on where to leave your box). You can enter these instructions in the ‘Delivery Instructions’ section when you sign up, or edit them in your existing account by clicking on the ‘edit’ button next to the ‘Delivery Info’ header. If you would like the driver to buzz or call you, regardless of delivery time, please reach out to our support team so that we can add special notes to your account. Our packing and delivery schedule is designed to keep the produce as fresh as possible when it gets to your doorstep!
How does daytime delivery work? Do I need to be home?
A driver will drop off your box on your delivery day, during your delivery window, according to your delivery instructions. If you are not home during this time, please include instructions on a safe location to leave your box. If you live in an apartment building, please leave detailed notes on how to gain entry to the building or where to leave the order outside the building. Our packing and delivery schedule is designed to keep the produce as fresh as possible when it gets to your doorstep!
Why can't I choose my delivery day?
Your delivery day is assigned based on your zip code. By grouping deliveries to neighborhoods together, we are able to more efficiently route our delivery vehicles, which reduces our carbon footprint.
Is there a delivery fee?
Yes, there is a small delivery fee (depending on zip code) for home delivery, which allows us to pay a fair wage to our delivery drivers.






Got it!








×




×
#{title}#{text}.
        

×
#{title}#{text}.
        

×
#{title}#{text}.
        

×
#{title}#{text}.
        

×
#{title}#{text}
        









Ugly Produce. Delivered.
Healthy, delicious fruits and veggies for 30-50% less than grocery stores, delivered to your door.
Sign Up








Ugly Produce. Delivered.
Healthy, delicious fruits and veggies for 30-50% less than grocery stores, delivered to your door.
Sign Up










Our community is changing the world!






4.4M
POUNDS OF FOOD SAVED


220M
GALLONS OF WATER SAVED


$2.0M
DOLLARS SAVED ON GROCERIES


15M
POUNDS OF CO2 SAVED



Our community is changing the world!
Fact: 1 in 5 fruits and veggies grown in the U.S. don't meet cosmetic standards – the crooked carrot, the curvy cucumber, the undersized apple – usually causing them to go to waste. We’re here to change that.
Make An Impact!
Sources: UNESCO and Environmental Working Group



Fact: 1 in 5 fruits and veggies grown in the U.S. don't meet cosmetic standards – the crooked carrot, the curvy cucumber, the undersized apple – usually causing them to go to waste. We’re here to change that.
Make An Impact!
Sources: UNESCO and Environmental Working Group




How It Works





We source produce directly from farms.







You customize your box each week to get exactly what you want.







We deliver your customized box to your home.






You enjoy healthy, delicious produce and save money!





People love eating ugly!










                            "I opened my front door and stumbled upon my Imperfect box–I forgot it was coming! I quickly opened it and got SO excited to see the kiwis, oranges, radishes, bell peppers...! It was very hard to resist calling in sick to spend my morning cooking up a mean omelette. I’m incredibly happy to have fresh fruits and vegetables (even organic!) delivered to my door."
                        

                            __ Camellia S. from Los Angeles
                        



Eat Ugly With Us!










                            "After moving to CA from farm-friendly WI, I gave up on finding the kind of affordable CSA box like I was accustomed to. Four years later, here YOU are! I love my box of not-really-very-ugly-at-all produce. Such an affordable way to support organic farming. I really appreciate that. I'm excited about this."
                        

                            __ Amanda G. from Oakland
                        



Eat Ugly With Us!










                            "...I've never seen a sweet potato the size of my head!! ;) I’ve subscribed to and then cancelled CSAs before because there was too much produce I didn’t like. [Imperfect] solves that problem by allowing me to customize each box. It's also so convenient to wake up and have the box on my doorstep. I love that you deliver overnight so I don't have wilted produce. Great job so far, and I'm looking forward to more!"
                        

                            __ Sheri J. from Culver City
                        



Eat Ugly With Us!










                            "After I got my first package, I went from obsessed to very, very obsessed. Seriously, ask any of my friends and family. I can't stop telling them about how happy I am with my first box."
                        

                            __ Ameena K. from Los Angeles
                        



Eat Ugly With Us!










                            "As a single working mom, I don’t have a lot of free time and organic produce is far outside our budget. We are blessed that [our church’s food bank] gathers food from stores that carry whole, organic foods, but we do not get fresh produce often. [Imperfect] has been an answer to prayer for me. Being able to order fresh produce weekly will help me build strong and healthy kiddos!"
                        

                            __ Erika Beasley from San Clemente
                        



Eat Ugly With Us!





























































×
We Don't Deliver To Your Area






Try Another Delivery Address


Explore The Store











×
We Deliver To Your Area



Explore The Store








×
Box Contents




 OK 








×
Product description








OK










×

Pickup Locations












Choose the distance you want to search for a pickup location:

1 mile
5 miles
10 miles
20 miles

















Close








×
Remove recurring product?


                Would you like to remove this recurring item from just this delivery or all future deliveries?
            

Just this delivery
All future deliveries please








×
Your payment information











Imperfect Produce Emeryville, CA 94608 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFood Products near Emeryville, CAImperfect ProduceIn mybook® : Shopping Collection (edit)Added to your shopping collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your shopping collection.Imperfect ProduceWrite a ReviewAdd a Photo(1 Review)1385 63rd St, Emeryville, CA 94608(510) 595-6683CLOSED NOWToday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pmTomorrow: 8:00 am - 4:00 pm1YEARS  IN BUSINESSAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteEmail BusinessSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksHoursRegular HoursMon - Fri8:00 am - 5:00 pmSat8:00 am - 4:00 pmPayment methodall major credit cardsNeighborhoodsNorth Hollis, Central EmeryvilleAKAImperfect Foods SpcOther Linkhttp://www.imperfectproduce.comOther EmailsEmail BusinessEmail BusinessCategoriesFood Products, Supermarkets & Super Stores Other InformationBike Parking: YesParking: StreetWheelchair Accessible: YesCOUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Rate this business!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Kathleen B.10/30/2015Overallwhat a wonderful experience....Food Not Going To Waste is the prime directive of this business...hats off to Ben the CEO who is focusing on all venues...he is contemplating on branching out to the Oakland School District  and others on a plan to use Imperfect Foods in their cafeterias.....this Company is surely a Community Angel....Helpful(0)ShareFlagSponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedEIGHT 5 OH, LLC1307 61st St, Emeryville, CAJetro Restaurant Depot400 High St, Oakland, CAYuen Hop Co824 Webster St, Oakland, CAAllied Pringle Food Sales Co333 Clay St, Oakland, CAGeisler & Associates1719 64th St Ste A, Emeryville, CAPaid Advertisement 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
