




Inbenta Holdings, Inc. - Other Technology- Flogel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Inbenta Holdings, Inc.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1065 E Hillsdale Blvd Suite 425  
    Foster City, CA, 94404Phone: 4082138771 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-06-29


New


$2,200,000


$2,200,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-07


New


$12,568,959


$12,568,959


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Oliver Flogel 
 Director 


 George Mc Culloch 
 Director 


 Ramanan Raghavendran 
 Director 


 Jordi Torras 
 Director, Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














George W. McCulloch: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:58 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Level Equity Management, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
George W. McCulloch  Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Partner, Level Equity Management, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships40--
Background

		Mr. George W. McCulloch is the Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Partner of Level Equity Management, LLC; and Level Equity Fund 1, L.P. Mr. McCulloch served as a Managing Director and Partner of Insight Venture Partners; and Insight Venture Partners VI, L.P. He joined Insight Venture Partners in 2002 as a Principal and served as Managing Director since 2007. Mr. McCulloch served as an Associate at Summit Partners from 1999 to 2002. At Summit Partners, he executed ... growth stage venture investments in software, semiconductors and communication services. Mr. McCulloch held various roles at Sven Technologies, Inc. and Monitor Clipper Partners LLC. He serves as a Member of the Board of Directors of Inbenta Technologies Inc. He has been a Director of Riskonnect, Inc. since June 4, 2013 and Medidata Solutions, Inc. since 2004. He serves as a Director of Inbenta Holdings, Inc., Strategic Financial Solutions and Riskonnect. He has been a Director of Vendini, Inc. since August 9, 2016. Mr. McCulloch serves as a Director of Citadon, Digital Harbor Inc. and IAG Research. Mr. McCulloch is a Trustee of ARTstor. He served as a Director at Norkom Technologies (Digital Harbor) Inc., Nielsen IAG, Inc., and Sword CTSpace, Inc. He served as a Director of PerTrac Financial Solutions, LLC (now known as PerTrac, Inc.) and Intergraph CADWorx & Analysis Solutions, Inc. Mr. McCulloch has been an investor in software, education and data services businesses since 1999. Mr. McCulloch has a B.A. in History with high honors, Phi Beta Kappa, from Stanford University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Two Grand Central TowerNew York, New York 10017United StatesPhone: 212-660-2470Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorIntergraph CADWorx & Analysis Solutions, Inc.Member of the Board of DirectorsInbenta Technologies Inc.DirectorInbenta Holdings, Inc.2004-PresentIndependent DirectorMedidata Solutions, Inc.2013-PresentDirectorRiskonnect, Inc.2016-PresentDirectorVendini, Inc.
Education
BA Stanford University
Other Affiliations
Insight Venture Partners LLCMonitor Clipper Partners, LLCSummit Partners LLPSword CTSpace, Inc.Stanford UniversityNielsen IAG, Inc.Sven Technologies Inc.Medidata Solutions, Inc.Norkom Technologies (Digital Harbor) Inc.PerTrac, Inc.Insight Venture Partners VI, L.P.Intergraph CADWorx & Analysis Solutions, Inc.Level Equity Fund 1, L.P.Vendini, Inc.Riskonnect, Inc.Inbenta Technologies Inc.Inbenta Holdings, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Level Equity Management, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 




Inbenta Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:58 AM ET

Company Overview of Inbenta Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Inbenta Holdings, Inc. operates in the technology industry. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in San Mateo, California.


777 Mariners Island BloulevardSuite 220San Mateo, CA 94404United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 408-213-8771








Key Executives for Inbenta Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Jordi Torras


      	President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Inbenta Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

Inbenta Announces Partnership with NTT Communications Corporation in Japan as Part of Its Strategic Global Expansion
Mar 1 17
Inbenta announced that the company has partnered with NTT Communications Corporation in Japan, as part of its strategic global expansion. This move also allows the company to expand its global footprint into Asia, continuing the momentum that's being driven by its strategic initiative to provide exemplary services in the AI space. Through the partnership, NTT Com will offer Inbenta AI-engine-powered support, chat and support search services to the small business through enterprise markets under the branding of COTOHA Chat & FAQ™. The partnership, by applying Inbenta's unique use of AI to understand the semantics of questions and thereby informing the resulting search for answers, will significantly improve cost-to-serve rates, support access, support resource availability, customer self-service rates, and overall customer satisfaction rates for customers within these service areas, based on similar Inbenta partnership success worldwide.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 19, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 28, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Inbenta Holdings, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Inbenta Holdings, Inc. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Inbenta Holdings, Inc.  Funding details


Inbenta Holdings, Inc. Industry: Other TechnologyCIK Number: 0001691700IRS Number: 814136070Address: 777 MARINERS ISLAND BLVD. #220  SAN MATEO 94404Phone number: 4082138771



Latest news
Inbenta Holdings, Inc. raised $2,200,000 from 2 investors on 2017-06-29.



Inbenta Holdings, Inc. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-06-29New Form D$2,200,000$2,200,0000$0206b[SEC Filing]2016-12-07New Form D$12,568,959$12,568,9590$0306b[SEC Filing]
Inbenta Holdings, Inc. raised $14,768,959 in total.



Directors and Executives of Inbenta Holdings, Inc.
Key People in Inbenta Holdings, Inc.:

Jordi TorrasGeorge McCullochRamanan RaghavendranOliver Flogel








Last visited companies: CAIS AllBlue Ltd., CAIS Blue Trend Fund LLC, CAIS BlueTrend Fund Ltd., CAIS DES Oculus LLC, CAIS DES Oculus Ltd.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.






















		
		
		  Inbenta Holdings  $2.20 million  Fundraising. Jordi Torras  Published Jun 29  Form D
		
		
		
		
 

 












































Trending
Business
Market
Stock
Privacy Policy






Inbenta Holdings  $2.20 million  Fundraising. Jordi Torras  Published Jun 29  Form D


					

						June 30, 2017 - By Nellie Frank

Inbenta Holdings Financing
Inbenta Holdings, Inc., Corporation just filed form D because of $2.20 million equity financing. This is a new filing. Inbenta Holdings was able to sell $2.20 million. That is 100.00 % of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $2.20 million. The financing document was filed on 2017-06-29. The reason for the financing was: unspecified. 
 Inbenta Holdings is based in California. The filler’s business is Other Technology. The SEC form was submitted by Jordi Torras President and Chief Executive Officer. The company was incorporated in 2016. The filler’s address is: 1065 E Hillsdale Blvd Suite 425, Foster City, Ca, California, 94404. Jordi Torras is the related person in the form and it has address: 1065 E Hillsdale Blvd Suite 425, Foster City, Ca, California, 94404. Link to Inbenta Holdings Filing: 000169170017000001.






Analysis of Inbenta Holdings Offering
On average, firms in the Other Technology sector, sell 85.80 % of the total offering amount. Inbenta Holdings sold 100.00 % of the offering. Could this mean that the trust in Inbenta Holdings is high? The average offering amount for companies in the Other Technology industry is $1.54 million. The total amount raised is 42.86 % bigger than the average for companies in the Other Technology sector. The minimum investment for this offering was set at $0. If you know more about the reasons for the fundraising, please comment below.
What is Form D? What It Is Used For
Form D disclosures could be used to track and understand better your competitors. The information in Form D is usually highly confidential for ventures and startups and they don’t like revealing it. This is because it reveals amount raised or planned to be raised as well as reasons for the financing. This could help competitors. Entrepreneurs usually want to keep their financing a ‘secret’ so they can stay in stealth mode for longer.
Why Fundraising Reporting Is Good For Inbenta Holdings Also
The Form D signed by Jordi Torras might help Inbenta Holdings, Inc.’s sector. First, it helps potential customers feel more safe to deal with a firm that is well financed. The odds are higher that it will stay in the business. Second, this could attract other investors such as venture-capital firms, funds and angels. Third, positive PR effects could even bring leasing firms and venture lenders.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










 



Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Analysts See $0.36 EPS for Diodes Incorporated (DIOD)


EPS for DHT Holdings Inc (DHT) Expected At $0.02


Dean Foods Co (DF) Analysts See $0.30 EPS


Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Analysts See $0.10 EPS


EPS for CVS Health Corp (CVS) Expected At $1.31


$0.68 EPS Expected for Connecticut Water Service Inc (CTWS)


$-0.06 EPS Expected for Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO)


$0.07 EPS Expected for Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS)


Analysts See $-0.18 EPS for CARDIOME PHARMA CORP (CRME)


Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) EPS Estimated At $0.54























            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle




Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com














﻿


PoliusCorp™






























POL ALZINA
DBA & Full Stack Developer




Social Profiles
*
,
















POL ALZINA
DBA & Full Stack Developer
I like to make cool and creative designs. My design stash is always full of refreshing ideas. Feel free to take a look around my Vcard.




NamePol Alzina
BirthdayOctober 12, 1990
AddressBarcelona - Spain
Emailpol.alzina@gmail.com
Phone+34 620 443 905
Websitewww.poliuscorp.com











Employment



Database Administrator (DBA)2017 - Present
Inbenta Holdings INC.
Designing, implementing, and maintaining the database system. Go to the website




CEO & Software Developer2011 - Present
Poliuscorp™
Development of multiple software projects.  See Portfolio




Co-Chief Executive Officer2011 - 2015
NewsUP
Developing, managing and programming the entire project.  Go to the website




Software Developer2010 - 2011
Iberpotash - ICL
Responsible for the implementation of quality auditing through designing and developing web- based applications to ensure the management of all devices.  Go to the website






Education



Bachelor Degree in Computing Engineering2011 - 2017
Polytechnic University of Catalonia, Barcelona (Spain)





Advanced Technician in EDP applications development2009 - 2011
Joviat, Manresa (Spain)





Upper Secondary Education2007 - 2009
Joviat, Manresa (Spain)







Training



Cambridge First Certificate - B2 (FCE)2016
Barcelona (Spain)





Delfin English Course - C1 (CAE)2015
Delfin English School, Dublin (Ireland)





Hansa English Course - C1 (CAE)2012
Hansa Language Centre, Toronto (Canada)









Programming Skills


C



C++



C#



Objective-C



Android



Java



Html



Php



CSS



Javascript



JQuery



Zend Framework



PL/SQL





Database Management Skills


SQL Server



Oracle



MySQL



AWS RDS Aurora





OS Skills


Windows



Linux



OS X






Download CV as PDF format





All
Web
iOS
Android
|

Go to the Repo
Some of the projects I'm proud with




VegetaCAT
Web





TV World
iPhone / iPad





Colors Saga
iPhone / iPad





Numbers Saga
iPhone / iPad





LoLNexus
iPhone / iPad





Molten-WoW
iPhone





TDT España
iPhone





Match Search for LoL
Android





YouWaiter
Android





iStock
Web





NewsUP
Web










Contact info

Barcelona - Spain
Email: pol.alzina@gmail.com
Phone: +034 620 443 905
Website: www.poliuscorp.com





Let's keep in touch



Your Name



Your Email



Your Message





















Inbenta - Artificial Intelligence | Semantic Search | Customer Support Solutions































































New Forrester TEI study shows the ROI of Inbenta. View it now













The conversational platform
that delivers real results Now we’re getting somewhere 



Inbenta delivers industry-leading self-service rates of over 90%.
Our artificial intelligence and natural language processing increases customer happiness and your company’s bottom line.
Your search is over.




						SCHEDULE A DEMO					

						WATCH VIDEO						






















Your brand means a lot to customers
Make sure your AI understands that 





The InbentaBot
Meet your 24/7 customer agent, available even if your support staff aren’t. Through the magic of NLP plus Machine Learning, our chatbots evolve with every human interaction by understanding the context behind each word used across 25+ languages.


																		See more									









Enterprise Search
Discover powerful search technology that reads between the lines to understand beyond what your customer types to what they actually mean, all while intelligently delivering the right results, the first time.


																		See more									









E-Commerce Search
Say hello to e-commerce search that accurately points people to your products. No more hunting through pages and pages of irrelevant results, just more cart checkouts by happy customers.


																		See more									






 






The Benefits of Inbenta 





Highly Conversational
Discover AI that gets personal because it understands your customer’s personality, tone and emotion, then interacts in ways that are engaging, helpful and quite human.





Integrates Beautifully
Everything works like a charm with your existing search, CRM, knowledge bases and documentation, plus Endeca, Facebook Messenger, Salesforce Desk and Service Cloud, Skype and Zendesk. 





High Performance
Intelligent search. Seamless integration. Nimble deployment. Accurate results. Affordable technology. Remarkable customer satisfaction across industries, channels and languages. Any questions?


 


Machine Learning
Our powerful algorithms teach your AI to gain insights from every customer interaction and conversation, so it can continually optimize the user experience.





Multilingual Support
Inbenta NLP ensures the lines of communication between your customers and technology stays crystal clear, with 25 native, fully-supported languages and counting. 





Easy to Get Started
We’ll deploy your future-proof solution faster and better than our competitors, with less workflow impact and more training and support. Seeing is believing.


 


Understands Meaning
Inbenta NLP quickly and easily gets what your customers mean — making repeated questions a thing of the past.





Grow Revenue
Many more shoppers who enter a query, even if it’s slang, misspelled, etc., will leave happy, which means higher conversion and add-to-cart ratios.





Always Working
Between Inbenta NLP, Meaning-Text Theory and Gap Analysis is a conversational AI solution that handles your customers’ searches, transactions, password resets and beyond — non stop 24/7.












Introduction to Inbenta








Inbenta Overview








The Human Future of AI










Why customers love Inbenta 




	We have reduced our incoming support emails to almost a third of what it was.


Toby Kelly Knowledge Base Developer at Trane Residential 






	…significantly reduced incoming phone calls to our call center.


Ricardo Birtel Operation and IT Director at Multiplus SA 






	More than 30% of incoming e-mails are now deflected. 


Luciane Franciscone Corporate Marketing General Manager -Lojas Renner 









When a customer types a question,
they want an accurate answer, fast. Just like a real conversation 
					SEE IT IN ACTION				






Latest Blog Posts


Chatbot intents: how to build the perfect customer experience from FAQs
Take me there			








Tinder chatbots: revolutionizing the online dating world
Take me there			








Government and AI: more efficient while saving money
Take me there			


















We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services, analyzing browsing on our website. If you continue to browse, you agree to use. You can get more information on our Cookie Policy.


X





























The Meaning-Text Theory - Inbenta








































































Technology The Meaning-Text Theory 











Meaning-text theory: the unique theoretical linguistic framework that uses lexical functions to compute semantics 

A groundbreaking theoretical linguistic framework
The meaning-text theory (MTT) is a unique AI method that uses lexical functions to compute semantics. We’ve implemented software based on the way meaning-text theory conceives natural language from lexicon to semantics, which has led our linguistic team to create detailed and specific descriptions of the lexical units in a number of different languages.
 
The two men behind the MTT model
First put forward in Moscow by Aleksandr Žolkovskij and Igor Mel’čuk, MTT is a theoretical linguistic framework for the construction of models of natural language. A theory that provides a large and elaborate basis for linguistic description and, due to its formal character, lends itself particularly well to computer AI applications.
 
The power of lexical function
One important discovery of meaning–text linguistics was the recognition that the elements in the lexicon (lexical units) of a language can be related to one another in an abstract semantic sense. These relations are represented in MTT as lexical functions (LF). Thus, the description of the lexicon in a crucial aspect of our software.

Lexical functions are a tool designed to formally represent the relations between lexical units. This allows us to formalize and describe — in a relatively simple manner — the complex network of lexical relationships within languages and assign a corresponding semantic weight to each element in a sentence. Most importantly, they allow us to relate analogous meanings, no matter which form they’re presented in.
 
The meaning in MTT
Natural languages are more restrictive than they may seem at first glance. In the majority of cases, we encounter frozen expressions sooner or later. And although these have varying degrees of rigidity, ultimately they are fixed, and must be described according to some characteristic, for example:
Obtain a result
Do a favor
Ask / pose a question
Raise a building
All of these examples show us that it’s the lexicon that imposes selection restrictions since we would hardly find “do a question” or “raise a favor” in a text. Indeed the most important factor when analyzing these phrases is that, from a meaning point of view, the elements don’t have the same semantic value. As illustrated in the examples above, the first element provides little information, with all of the meaning or semantic weight provided by the second element.

The crucial matter here is that the semantic relationship between the first and second element is exactly the same in every example. Roughly, what we’re saying is “make X” (a result, a joke, a favor, a question, a building). This type of relation can be represented by the “Oper” lexical function.
 
Complexity is easy for our linguists

MTT collects around 60 different types of lexical functions. This allows, among other things, the description of relations such as synonymy (buying and purchasing are identical actions), hypernymy and hyponymy (a dog is a type of animal) and other relations among lexical units at the sentence level. This includes the Oper that we mentioned before, or ones expressing the concept “a lot”, i.e., if you smoke a lot you are a heavy smoker, but if you sleep a lot, you are not a “heavy sleeper”. All we can say is that you sleep like a log.Our linguists adapt the principles of the meaning-text theory while describing the languages supported. User questions may be completely different on the surface but the questions underlying meaning is the same, and thus correctly understood by our semantic-based searches. The upshot is that users get fast, accurate results from their queries.

 
Another example of MTT in action
Let’s take these user questions:


Purchasing a ticket for an overweight person
I want to buy a ticket for someone who is obese


Even though the words are different, the meaning conveyed is the same way in both cases. So both will get the same answer from a virtual assistant. At Inbenta, our semantic search engine is built within a rich and complex network of lexical relations so that it understands what users mean with their queries, regardless of the exact words they use to pose their questions.












Do you want to know more about how to integrate Inbenta in your website?
We can create a demo tailored to your needs, complete with live examples and the search results that our customers are seeing.



						SCHEDULE A DEMO					











We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services, analyzing browsing on our website. If you continue to browse, you agree to use. You can get more information on our Cookie Policy.


X





























Careers - Inbenta


































































Careers 




Join us and become an Inbentor! 

We love outstanding people who want to provide outstanding service. Join the team at Inbenta and you’ll not only experience a rich and challenging work environment, your contributions will be acknowledged, appreciated and rewarded. We value creativity, curiosity and reliability because that’s what’ll help you innovate with us in AI. If you bring emotional intelligence and kindness to your work, we’d love to hear from you, because those are the kind of human qualities that’ll help you go above and beyond for our great clients.
If you’re ready to carry your lightsaber of ingenuity, send us your CV / resume pronto to jobs@inbenta.com or fill out and send the job application form below:






Open Positions

Account Executive (Foster City)
PHP Developer (Based in Barcelona)
PHP Lead Developer (Barcelona)
PHP Software Engineer (Barcelona)
Product Marketing Manager (Foster City)
QA Test Engineer (Barcelona)
Solutions Engineer with German (Based in Barcelona)
Solutions Engineer with Spanish (Based in Barcelona)
SysAdmin (Barcelona)
Technical Writer (based in Barcelona)



Apply Here













Account Executive (Foster City)PHP Developer (Based in Barcelona)PHP Lead Developer (Barcelona)PHP Software Engineer (Barcelona)Product Marketing Manager (Foster City)QA Test Engineer (Barcelona)Solutions Engineer with German (Based in Barcelona)Solutions Engineer with Spanish (Based in Barcelona)SysAdmin (Barcelona)Technical Writer (based in Barcelona)


Choose file 




All documents are stored in accordance with current data protection legislation.Please read and accept our terms and conditions:Privacy Policy

Effective Date: 09/01/2016
This privacy policy applies to https://www.inbenta.com owned and operated by Inbenta Technologies Inc. This privacy policy describes how Inbenta Technologies Inc. (“We”, “Our”, “Us”) collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website: https://www.inbenta.com and our service https://backstage.inbenta.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Inbenta Technologies Inc. complies with the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from Switzerland. Inbenta Technologies Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Inbenta Technologies Inc.’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
Inbenta Technologies Inc. participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We are committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Inbenta Technologies Inc. is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
 
Information Collection and Use
We collect personal information from you such as your contact information, which may include but not limited to, your name, email address and phone number. We use this information to send you requested product or service information, contact you, respond to your customer service requests, administer your account and send you marketing communications.
 
Information Related to Data Collected for our Clients
Inbenta Technologies Inc. collects information under the direction of its Clients and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients.
 
Information Sharing
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information:

 as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process
 when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
 if Inbenta Technologies Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
 to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.

 
User Access and Choice
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by contacting us either via  email, telephone or post at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Receiving emails from our site is part of our service. You may receive service-related emails from us, which you do not have an option to opt out from. We may also send you marketing emails. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving these marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails.
 
Access and Retention of Data Controlled by our Clients
Inbenta Technologies Inc. has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the Inbenta Technologies Inc.’s Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within 30 days.
We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. Inbenta Technologies Inc. will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
 
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Inbenta Technologies Inc. and our partners such as Act-On, Google, affiliates,  or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies  for our online experience, to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
To manage Flash LSOs please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
 
Advertising
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
 
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as login credentials) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security on our Website, please contact us.
 
Links to 3rd party sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Inbenta Technologies Inc. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
 
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us.
 
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
 
Contact Us
Inbenta Holdings Inc.
1065 E. Hillsdale Blvd. Suite 425
Foster City, CA, 94404
Tel. +1 (408) 213-8771
Email
Legal notice
General Terms of Service
Inbenta Service Level Agreement
 I accept the terms and conditions
















We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services, analyzing browsing on our website. If you continue to browse, you agree to use. You can get more information on our Cookie Policy.


X





























Semantic Clustering - Inbenta








































































Technology Semantic Clustering 











The science behind the search: content discovery & gap analysis 

Semantic clustering helps your company discover gaps in your content to enrich your customer’s experience.
How exactly does semantic clustering work?
Inbenta’s Semantic Clustering groups semantically equivalent search queries — words, phrases and sentences — into clusters based on meaning. The higher the number of questions, words and phrases with a similar meaning, the greater the cluster.
Imagine you find a piece of a puzzle in the middle of the street. You are unlikely to know what image it is a part of. Inbenta’s Semantic Clustering is able to locate and put together this piece with the rest of the puzzle of similar unanswered questions to give you a complete picture of how you can fill your knowledge gap.

When is semantic clustering used?
Customers react negatively when their search results in an unsatisfactory answer. They will either fail to click on what has been provided or will indicate their unhappiness with the response by leaving the page or getting in touch with you.
This means the customer did not receive an answer, the answer for that cluster was not precise enough or that it was incorrect. This is a good indicator of missing information that customers value and consequently needs to be created.
Inbenta can map all these negative signals and discover where customers have had similar inquiries but did not receive a satisfactory response. These negative responses alert the company to crucial new material that needs to be created in order to answer their customers’ questions. This is a huge advantage as it enables businesses to see what their customers want to know and respond with better targeted content that improves customer satisfaction.
Have you got an example?
An airlines company might receive a number of unanswered queries about what time the gates close for boarding. Of course, humans are unique and will ask this question in a number of different ways:

“What time should I arrive?”
“When do gates close?”
“Boarding time”

These questions or statements all use different words or phrases but mean the same thing. Inbenta’s Semantic Clustering is able to group all of these responses together into a cluster with the same meaning – essentially when the passenger should arrive at the airport for their flight.
How semantic clustering helps you
Our gap analysis function allows our customers to discover where they need to add additional answers and information to make sure their customers can find the information they want quickly and easily, without having to raise a support ticket.
The gap in the company’s knowledge base is reduced and the customer’s satisfaction is significantly increased.
Chatbots: semantic clustering on a more personal level
Semantic clustering is also utilized in our chatbots, which can improve the quality of conversations and provide a more interactive experience for the customer.
 











Do you want to know more about how to integrate Inbenta in your website?
We can create a demo tailored to your needs, complete with live examples and the search results that our customers are seeing.



						SCHEDULE A DEMO					











We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services, analyzing browsing on our website. If you continue to browse, you agree to use. You can get more information on our Cookie Policy.


X





























Integrating Inbenta - Inbenta








































































Technology Integrating Inbenta 











Integrating Inbenta will be fast and easy for your development team 


AI search, service and support with the fastest time to market
Integrating Inbenta will be fast and easy for your development team. Below is a breakout of our technology solutions. Integrating the Inbenta Self-Service Application. We have extensive possibilities for you to plug in the self-service application and semantic search engine to your website, or any other type of application. Our most popular integration is HTML5, plus we have a number of other technology options that will fit most any web browser.
 
Integrating the Inbenta Knowledge Base
You’ll get our full-featured knowledge base manager, with a choice of two options with which to integrate your knowledge base. 1) You can use Inbenta Backstage Analytics, our CRM tool, that lets you edit the content and store it in our cloud infrastructure. 2) You can edit the content in your own infrastructure or website and use our web crawler to index your knowledge base into Inbenta. If you have your content in Zendesk, we use their secure APIs to access the Zendesk knowledge base and then implement Inbenta.
 
 Natural language search on top of Zendesk’s
For your developers, our guide for JavaScript, high-level APIs, pop-ups, Frames or iFrames and Lightbox.
• Integrating with JavaScript: This is the easiest, quickest and more versatile integration mechanism. You’d include one line of JavaScript that would access Inbenta functionality through a script that establishes a JSONP communication directly between the user’s web browser and Inbenta servers. The script handles any search events required to power the user interface, and it integrates the answer into the existing page structure.

• Integrating with high-level APIs: If you decide to handle the presentation layer of the Inbenta Semantic Search Engine yourself, we’ll provide a high level API using either: JSON, XML or SOAP, which deliver very flexible integration modes.

• Integrating with pop-ups: With this kind of integration, the external application has some independence from the client environment, opening Inbenta Semantic Search in an external window, so that the user can continue searching or browsing the site depending on the window that’s displayed at that time.

• Integrating with Frames or iFrames: The external application is seamlessly integrated into the client environment, with the search box and other navigation elements usually a part of the client’s portal. Only the results section belongs to the external application, so the final impression is that the entire search process occurs within the site.

• Integrating with Lightbox: Lightbox is a Modal-Dialog JavaScript application that requires JavaScript and it isn’t blocked by browsers unless JavaScript has been disabled. It uses div to integrate Inbenta Semantic Search and includes an iFrame within the search area.
 
Integrating Inbenta Support Ticketing
The integration of our support ticketing system is seamless. It only requires the following configuration changes in your email setup files:

• You’d create a redirection from all your email addresses you want to receive email from, like support@<yourdomain>.com to <yourdomain>_support@inbenta-ticketing.com.

This email setup change will cause all your incoming support emails to be redirected to Inbenta, so you’ll want us to send emails on your contact center’s behalf. Next, configure your SMTP relay so that it’s accessed by our server, and provide us with your SMTP address and login credentials. Also, your “contact us” form will send incoming emails straight to our support ticketing system, so there’s no need to configure anything else
from your website.











Do you want to know more about how to integrate Inbenta in your website?
We can create a demo tailored to your needs, complete with live examples and the search results that our customers are seeing.



						SCHEDULE A DEMO					











We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services, analyzing browsing on our website. If you continue to browse, you agree to use. You can get more information on our Cookie Policy.


X





























Inbenta global leadership team






























































Leadership Team









 
Jordi TorrasCEO and Founder 






 
Julio PradaHand of the King 






 
Ferran SaurinaCOO 






 
Jordi PratsCTO 






 
John ForresterCMO 






 
Greg WookeyCFO 






 
Patrick CassadyExecutive VP of Sales 






 
Caterina BalcellsChief Linguistic Officer 






 
Luc TruntzlerFrance Associate Director 






 
Àngel TrujilloCountry Manager Brazil 






 
Ramon HakManaging Director Northern Europe 















We use our own and third party cookies to improve your experience and our services, analyzing browsing on our website. If you continue to browse, you agree to use. You can get more information on our Cookie Policy.


X























