




Arun  Singhal - Former Co-Founder & Vice President-Product Development at IndexIQ Advisors LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Arun  Singhal
Former Co-Founder & Vice President-Product Development at IndexIQ Advisors LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Investments 


Arun  Singhal
Former Co-Founder & Vice President-Product Development at IndexIQ Advisors LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 17 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Gregory David Bassuk

Managing Director & Head of Liquid Alternative Strategies at FS Investments




Gregory Y. Sivin

Former Head-Equity Portfolio Analysis & Construction Team at Deutsche Asset Management





Julie Shaevich Abbett

ETF Sales Trader at Deutsche Bank India




Salvatore John Bruno

Chief Investment Officer & Executive Vice President at IndexIQ Advisors LLC





Adam Scott Patti

Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer at IndexIQ Advisors LLC




David Louis Fogel

Co-Founder at IndexIQ Advisors LLC





Greg Barrato

Senior Vice President at IndexIQ Advisors LLC




Kevin D. DiSano

Former Executive Vice President & National Sales Manager at IndexIQ Advisors LLC





Anthony B. Davidow

Vice President, Alternative Beta & Asset Allocation Strategist-Schwab Center for Financial Research at Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.




Jeffrey D. Carlin

Managing Director of RIA Distribution at Nuveen Investments, Inc.







See 7 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 7 More 


 


 Paths to Arun  Singhal



            Arun  Singhal          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Arun  Singhal






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Arun  Singhal.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Co-Founder & Vice President-Product Development

                                    2007 - Prior                


IndexIQ Advisors LLC


                  IndexIQ Advisors' rules-based alpha investment products offer the benefits of traditional index investing with the alpha potential sought by the best active managers. Their rules-based alpha philosophy makes institutional class investment strategies available to all investors, at a low cost. IndexIQ's strategies cover the full range of asset classes and product categories. Their strategies for RICs (ETFs and mutual funds) include Passive ETF Investment Strategies, Actively Managed ETF Investment Strategies and Mutual Fund Strategies. For Managed Accounts, Sponsored Programs and Model Portfolios, IndexIQ uses fundamental methods of security analysis. With respect to their managed account and sponsored program clients and their creation and maintenance of model portfolios, IndexIQ uses substantially the same methods of analysis, and employs substantially the same investment strategies, as those they use for their RIC clients.                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


IndexIQ Advisors LLC

                  IndexIQ Advisors' rules-based alpha investment products offer the benefits of traditional index investing with the alpha potential sought by the best active managers. Their rules-based alpha philosophy makes institutional class investment strategies available to all investors, at a low cost. IndexIQ's strategies cover the full range of asset classes and product categories. Their strategies for RICs (ETFs and mutual funds) include Passive ETF Investment Strategies, Actively Managed ETF Investment Strategies and Mutual Fund Strategies. For Managed Accounts, Sponsored Programs and Model Portfolios, IndexIQ uses fundamental methods of security analysis. With respect to their managed account and sponsored program clients and their creation and maintenance of model portfolios, IndexIQ uses substantially the same methods of analysis, and employs substantially the same investment strategies, as those they use for their RIC clients.                





 Other Affiliations




              Arun  Singhal is affiliated with
                            IndexIQ Advisors LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Indexiq Advisors LLC | Wealthminder











































Indexiq Advisors LLC


Indexiq Advisors LLC
(CRD# 144790) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Rye Brook, NY.
They
manage $1,673,210,616 in 32 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Indexiq Advisors LLC




800 Westchester Avenue, Suite S-710,
Rye Brook,
NY
10573
914-697-4946
http://www.indexiq.com




http://www.indexiq.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,673
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

32
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$52,287,832







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




NY, TX






Financial Advisors at Indexiq Advisors LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Indexiq Advisors LLC                                                                                                     - Rye Brook                                         , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Rye Brook



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Indexiq Advisors LLC
                                    



 





















I 


Indexiq Advisors LLC                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



800 WESTCHESTER AVE RYE BROOK, NY 10573
Get Directions



(888) 934-0777
www.indexiq.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $155,980.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Adam S Patti                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Additional information is available at www.indexiq.com                                                                                          or by contacting Adam S Patti                                                                                                             at (888) 934-0777. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Research  IndexIQ  ETFs - ETF Explorer | XTF







































































































Register
   |   

Login










 









                                Ratings


                                                ETF Ratings

                                                Methodology



                                Marketplace


                                                Market Summary

                                                New ETFs

                                                Fund Sponsors and Index Providers

                                                Industry Statistics



                                Research


                                                ETF Explorer

                                                ETF Comparison

                                                ETF Charting

                                                Trading Volume Analysis

                                                ETF Insider



                                Heatmaps


                                                Thematic Global Heatmaps

                                                Thematic Performance & Fund Flows

                                                XTF Thematic Indexes



                                Education Center


                                                What is an ETF?

                                                ETFs vs. Mutual Funds

                                                Types of ETFs

                                                ETF Investment Strategies















ETFs
Companies
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Investment Objectives






Loading…















ETF Symbol: DescriptionAsset Class





  

































        Please enable javascript for the menu to work.






                                        XTF provides ratings on Exchange Traded Products that are not intended and should not be construed as financial or investment advice, a recommendation or promotion. Accordingly no liability is accepted by or on behalf of London Stock Exchange Group or any of its affiliated companies, their respective directors or any other person, in respect of any reliance placed, act taken or omission, in relation to any information contained on this website. 
                                        Access to this area of the website may be restricted by law or unlawful in certain jurisdictions. This notice requires first time users to confirm certain matters before you may obtain access to the information on this area of the website that may affect your rights and responsibilities.  If you are in any doubt about the contents of this area of the website or the action you should take in respect of this notice, you should seek your own independent professional advice.
                                        By closing this notice or interacting with this site you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more please read our Disclaimer and Privacy Policy.
                                    

X


PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
 
1. INTRODUCTION
 
1.1 This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains
how the LSEG Information Services (US) Inc, (“LSEGIS”, “we”, “us” or “our”)
collects information from you when you visit or register to use
www.xtf.com  (the “Website”) and how this
information is then used. If you have any questions about this statement or
your personal information that we may collect from you, please contact us at support@xtf.com.
 
 1.2
Please read this Privacy and Cookie Policy carefully and re-visit this page
from time to time to review any changes that may have been made.
 
1.3  As a member of
the London Stock Exchange group of companies, we will process any personal
information we collect about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act
1998.
 
1.4 This Privacy and Cookie Policy applies
to you whether you use the Website as a casual browser, have registered to use
the Website or have entered into a contract with LSEGIS in relation to the
supply of specific services and/or products. In the event of any conflict
between this Privacy and Cookie Policy and the terms of a contract you have
with LSEGIS as appropriate, the relevant provision of that contract shall
prevail to the extent of any inconsistency.
 
1.5 LSEGIS is a member of a group of
companies headed by the London Stock Exchange Group plc (the “LSE Group”). Your
details may be held in our contact database which can be accessed and used by
other entities in the LSE Group, which may be located outside the EEA.
 
1.6 Other companies within the LSE Group
may have further company-specific Privacy Policies. Please refer to the
applicable company’s website for further information.
 
2. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES LSEGIS COLLECT,
AND HOW IS THAT INFORMATION THEN USED?
 
2.1 Information collected when you browse
the Website
 We
will not collect any personal information about you from your browsing of the Website
unless you agree to collection and use of your personal data.
2.2 Information collected when you become a
customer of LSEGIS
 When
you enter into a contract with us for our services or products, you may be
asked to submit personal information about yourself in order to receive or use
these services or products. This information may include, for example, your
name, address, job title, telephone number, email address and financial
information necessary to conclude the contract and enable administration and
management of such services or products. We will only collect information that
is necessary for us to provide you with the product or service that you have
requested. The type of information that we may collect will depend upon the
nature of that service or product.
 
2.3 How will we use any personal
information that we collect?
 
2.3.1 Where we collect personal
information, we will use it for administration and to tailor our service and/or
products to match your needs. We may also use personal information to conduct
market research surveys, for statistical analysis to determine site usage, to
run competitions and for direct marketing purposes relating to our business.
 
2.3.2 We may employ the services of a third
party to help us in certain areas, such as website hosting, marketing and
market researching. In some cases that third party may receive your
information. However, at all times we will control and be responsible for the
use of your information.
 
2.3.3 By providing us with your personal information,
you consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions
which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, including
without limitation countries or jurisdictions outside the EEA. If we do make
such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure
that your information is protected.
 
2.3.4 At all times we are legally obliged
to collect, retain and process any personal
information that you provide in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Each time you provide us with personal information we aim to let you know how
we intend to use it and ask you to give your consent to such use. This will
include:
 
(a) where we would like to use that
information to send you details of other products and services we offer which
are similar to the product/service for which you have subscribed; and
 
(b) where we would
like to share that information with certain selected third parties to allow
them to provide you with details of their services and/or products which might
be of interest to you.
 
2.5 How can I remove, update, prevent use
of or correct my personal information?
 Should you wish LSEGIS to cease marketing to
you, contact support@xtf.com. 
 
3. HOW DOES LSEGIS PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
 
3.1 We will hold your personal information
securely and will only keep it for as long as is reasonably necessary in the
circumstances you are registered to use the Website or for as long as you use
the service that you have requested, unless you have provided us with your
consent to use the data for any additional purposes. We take the security of
the Website and the information you provide very seriously and we will take all
appropriate technical measures using recognized security procedures and tools
in accordance with good industry practice to protect your personal information.
 
3.2 Whilst we use all reasonable endeavours
to protect your security in the manner described above, we consider that it is
only appropriate to advise users that data transmission over the Internet and
the World Wide Web cannot always be guaranteed as 100% secure, and therefore
that you use the Website at your own risk.
 
4. DOES LSEGIS USE COOKIES?
 
4.1 Your Internet browser has a feature called
"cookies" which store small amounts of data on your computer about
your visit to the Website. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit
most of the Website. A cookie does not provide us with any personal
information. Therefore, if you have not supplied us with any personal
information, you can still browse our site anonymously.
 
 4.2
We do not automatically capture or store personal data from browsers to the
site, other than to log your IP address and session information such as the
duration of the visit to our site and the nature of the browser used. This
information is used only for administration of the site system and in the
compilation of statistics used by LSEGIS.
 
 4.3
Cookies may be required to allow you to access and participate in certain areas
of the Website. Once you have closed your browser, this type of cookie is
deactivated. Like all cookies, you are able to remove or block particular
cookies at any time (see 4.4 below).
 
 4.4
The majority of browsers will allow you to alter the settings used for cookies
and to disable and enable them as you require. If you do not want cookies then
please refer to the help menu on your browser for instructions on disabling
them. For further general information on cookies and more detailed advice on
how to disable and enable them please go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
 
 
LIST OF COOKIES USED
A.     
Strictly necessary cookies -
allow you to use essential features of our Website such as enabling you to log
in to our Website portal.
The essential features of our Website
require strictly necessary cookies so that we can identify you as being logged
in to our Website portal and to ensure that you are able to connect to the
right service on our Website when we make any changes to the way our Website
works. If you choose not to accept these cookies, you will be unable to use
some functions of our Website.
 The
following lists of cookies are those used on our Website which we have
identified as being strictly necessary cookies:
·        
ASPXAUTH – 24 hours or per
session
·        
SessionID – 24 hours or per session
·        
Lsegresident – expires 2020
 
B.     
Performance
cookies - collect information about how you use our Website, so that we can
improve the quality of our Website and service.
Our performance
cookies do not collect any information that could potentially identify you. All
information collected is anonymous and is used by us to:

provide statistics on how our Website
     is used;


monitor visitor trend information,
     where you click on our Website and which website you arrived from; and
help us improve the Website by measuring
     any errors which occur during your browsing experience.

The following lists
of cookies are those used on our Website which we have identified as being
performance cookies:
 
C.     
Functionality
cookies - provide you with improved Website functionality by allowing access to
additional services or to enhance your future visits to our Website.
Functionality
cookies used on our Website provide you with improved Website functionality
whilst you are browsing, for example, allowing us to remember your language
preferences for subsequent visits to our Website or allowing you to access
additional services offered on our Website. These cookies may share information
with partners to provide services on our Website. The information shared is
only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any
other purpose.
The following lists
of cookies are those used on our Website which we have identified as being
functionality cookies:
 

Ratingtab
Selectedetfs
Etflist
Lasthref
maList


Targeting & sharing cookies - We
     have not identified any cookies used on our Website as being targeting and
     sharing cookies.

These types of
cookie offer you a customized browsing experience by providing you with
interest based services both on this Website and on some other websites too.
For more information
about this type of internet based advertising, please visit: www.youronlinechoices.co.uk.
 
D.     
Cookies
for improving service by measuring traffic
We use Google
Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, in order to find out how
visitors interact with Russell Investments so we can improve it. Information is
collected anonymously and Website trends are reported without identifying
individual visitors.




Cookie name


Purpose





__utma


Keeps track of the number of times a
  visitor has been to a site, when their first visit was, and when their last
  visit occurred. It expires after two years.




__utmb and __utmc


The B and C cookies work together to calculate
  how long a visit takes.

  __utmb takes a timestamp of the exact moment in
  time when a visitor enters a site, while __utmc
  takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site.

  __utmc has no way of knowing when a user closes their
  browser or leaves a website, so it waits 30 minutes for another pageview to happen, and if it doesn't, it expires.




__utmz


Keeps track of where the visitor came
  from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keyword was
  used, and where they were in the world when the website was accessed.




s_vi


Keeps track of where the visitor came
  from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keyword was
  used, and where they were in the world when the website was accessed.

  It expires after six months.




gpv_p3 and s_nr


gpv_p3 takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor
  enters a site, while s_nr takes a timestamp of the
  exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site.




s_sq


Keeps track of where the visitor came from,
  what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keyword was used,
  and where they were in the world when the website was accessed. It expires
  after six months.




Visitor_ID


These cookies are used to collect
  information about how visitors use our Website. This information is used to
  compile reports and to help us improve the Website. The cookies collect
  information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the
  site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they
  visited. 



 
 
 
 



__ar_v4


 
These category 4 cookies are set by our
  advertising partner Google in order to show you relevant adverts.
These cookies collect information about
  your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your
  interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information
  is shared with other parties such as advertisers. For example we use 3rd
  party companies such as Google to provide you with more personalised adverts
  when visiting other websites.  These may be set from a few different
  domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com.



 
5. CHANGES TO
THIS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
If we make any
changes to this Privacy and Cookie Policy these changes will be detailed on
this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is
collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed.
6. LINKS
This Privacy and
Cookie Policy applies only to information collected by this Website. The
Website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the privacy policies of such other sites and we would advise
you to read the privacy statement of any website that collects personal information
from you
 
 
 
 
 
 



X


Legal Disclaimer
© 2016 LSEG Information Services (US), Inc.
 “XTF®” and other service marks and trademarks
related to the XTF Information are trademarks of LSEG Information Services (US),
Inc. (“LSEGIS”) and are used under license.
All information is provided for information
purposes only. Every effort is made to ensure that all information given in
this publication is accurate, but no responsibility or liability can be
accepted by the LSEGIS nor its licensors for any
errors or for any loss from use of this publication.
Neither LSEGIS, its companies nor any of
their licensors make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation whatsoever,
expressly or impliedly, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of
the XTF Information or the fitness or suitability of the Indexes for any
particular purpose to which they might be put.
LSEGIS does not provide investment advice
and nothing in this communication should be taken as constituting financial or
investment advice. LSEGIS makes no representation regarding the advisability of
investing in any asset. A decision to invest in any such asset should not be
made in reliance on any information herein. Indexes cannot be invested in directly.
Inclusion of an asset in an index is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
that asset. The general information contained in this publication should not be
acted upon without obtaining specific legal, tax, and investment advice from a
licensed professional.
 



Confirmation of Understanding and Acceptance of Disclaimer

                                    By clicking ‘yes’ to any of the following you agree to be bound to the terms of this notice.
                                    

                                        For users in the USA: Please confirm you are a USA resident  
                                        Yes
                                        No
                                    

                                        For users in the UK: I agree I am an Exempt UK Person
Yes
                                        No

                                        
X
                                            For the purpose of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 this website is communicated by XTF, which is not authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, the website is  only directed at persons who: (i) are investment professionals falling within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (“FPO Order”) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments; or (ii) persons falling within any of the categories (a) to (d) of article 49(2) of the FPO Order (broadly, companies or partnerships with net assets of £5 million sterling or more and trustees of trusts with assets of £10 million sterling or more) (all such persons together being “Exempt UK Persons”). 
                                            This website must neither be communicated by an Exempt UK Person to any other person nor acted upon or relied on by persons who are not Exempt UK Persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this website relates is available only to Exempt UK Persons and should be engaged in only with Exempt UK Persons.  If you are not an Exempt UK Person you must not proceed any further. 
                                            By clicking “I agree I am an Exempt UK Person” above, you confirm you are an Exempt UK Person. 
                                        

 
                                        For users outside the USA and UK: I agree I am an Exempt Other Person
Yes
                                        No
    
                                        
X
                                            Access to and the distribution of the content of this website in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. By clicking on the acceptance button below, you represent to XTF that you are a person of a kind and in a jurisdiction to whom the content of this website may lawfully be made available by XTF (an "Exempt Other Person"). 
                                            This website must neither be communicated by an Exempt Other Person to any other person nor acted upon or relied on by persons who are not Exempt Other Persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this website relates is available only to Exempt Other Persons and should be engaged in only with Exempt Other Persons.  If you are not an Exempt Other Person, you must not proceed any further. If you are in any doubt as to any applicable restrictions please consult your professional advisers before clicking the acceptance button below and gaining access to the information on this website.
                                            By clicking “I agree I am an Exempt Other Person” above, you confirm you are an Exempt Other Person.
                                        














Displaying
                                
                                    US-Listed
                                    Exchange Traded Products
                                 with the following investment objective: as of 07/28/2017





















                                            Fund Filter
                                        















Country Of Domicile





Country Of Domicile









US-Listed     

JP-Listed     





DUMMY

Primary-Listings

Cross-Listings
























Fund Type





Fund Type









Exchange Traded Fund

Exchange Traded Note

Exchange Traded Managed Fund

DUMMY
























Fund Exposure





Fund Exposure









Excludes Other ETFs

Holds Other ETFs

DUMMY





Long Exposure Only

Short Exposure Only

Long & Short Exposure

DUMMY
























Currency-Hedged





Currency-Hedged









DUMMY

Currency Hedged Only

Currency Hedged Excluded
























Socially Responsible





Socially Responsible









Non-Social

All Socially Responsible

Environmental

Social / Governance

Faith-Based




















Fund Sponsor












Aptus Capital Advisors, LLC

ACSI Funds

AlphaMark Advisors, LLC

ARK Investment Management LLC

ALPS Advisors, Inc.

AdvisorShares

Active Alts Corp

Arrow Funds

Amplify Investments LLC

Barclays Bank PLC

Brandometry

Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

BMO Asset Management

BlackRock, Inc.

China Asset Management

Cambria Investment Management, LP

ClearShares LLC

Charles Schwab Investment Management

Columbia Management Investment Advisers

Guggenheim Funds Distributors, Inc.

CSOP Asset Management Limited

Victory Capital Management Inc.

Credit Suisse AG

Citigroup

Daiwa Asset Management

Deutsche Bank AG

Diamond Hill Capital Management, Inc.

DIAM Co., Ltd

Direxion Shares

Davis Selected Advisers, L.P.

Emerging Global Advisors, LLC

Exchange Traded Concepts

BNP Paribas

Empowered Funds, LLC

Elkhorn Investments, LLC

Etho Capital, LLC

ETF Managers Capital LLC

ETF Securities USA LLC

Eaton Vance Management

FormulaFolio Investments, LLC

Franklin Resources, Inc

Fidelity Management & Research

First Trust Advisors LP

GraniteShares Advisors LLC.

Gavekal Capital, LLC

GAMCO Investors, Inc.

Goldman Sachs Asset Management L.P.

Global X Management Company

Strategy Shares, Inc.

Infrastructure Capital Advisors, LLC

iShares Delaware Trust Sponsor LLC

Innovator Management LLC

Invesco PowerShares Capital Management

IndexIQ Advisors

Inspire Investing

ITEQ ETF Partners LLC

Ivy Investments

J.P.Morgan Investment Management Inc.

Janus Capital Management LLC

John Hancock Advisers, LLC   

JPM Structured Fund Management

KOKUSAI Asset Management Co., Ltd

Krane Funds Advisors LLC

Hartford Funds Management Company, LLC

LifeSci Index Partners, LLC

Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC

LocalShares Inc

Mizuho Bank

Merk Investments, LLC

Mirae Asset Global Investments Co., Ltd

Morgan Stanley

Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management

Nikko Asset Management

Newfleet Asset Management, LLC

Nomura Asset Management

Northern Trust

Nuveen Investments

Natixis Global Asset Management

Norinchukin Zenkyoren Asset Management Co., Ltd

O’Shares Investments

Pacer Advisors, Inc

PIMCO Funds

Principal Management Corporation

Premise Capital, LLC

ProShares Advisors LLC

PureShares, LLC

Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors

FFCM LLC

Blue Sky Asset Management, LLC

Rakuten Investment Management, Inc

Renaissance Capital International, LLC

OppenheimerFunds Inc.

Reality Shares, Inc.

W.H. Reaves & Co., Inc.

REX Shares

SerenityShares Investments LLC

Samsung Investment Trust Management

Swedish Export Credit Corp (SEK)

Spirited Funds, LLC

Simplex Asset Management

Saba Capital Management, L.P.

SSGA Funds Management, Inc

Sprott Asset Management LP

Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management

Strongvest Global Advisors, LLC

Summit Water Capital Advisors

Teucrium Trading, LLC

Tierra Funds

Tortoise Capital Advisors, LLC

TrimTabs Asset Management, LLC

Tuttle Tactical Management LLC

UBS Global Asset Management

USCF Advisers LLC

U.S. Global Investors, Inc.

United States Commodities Fund LLC

Validea Capital Management, LLC

Van Eck Associates Corp

Vident Financial, LLC

Vanguard

Virtus ETF Advisers LLC

WBI Investments, Inc.

World Gold Trust Services, LLC

WisdomTree Investments




















Index Provider












Accretive Asset Management LLC

AlphaClone LLC

AMEX Dynamic Intellidex

ACSI LLC

Alerian Capital Management

Aptus Capital Advisors, LLC

Atlantic Trust

AlphaShares, LLC

Auspice Capital Advisors Ltd.

Blue Sky Asset Management, LLC

Bloomberg L.P.

Barclays Capital

BlackRock Index Services, LLC

BullMark Financial Group

Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

BM&BOVESPA S.A.

BlueStar Global Investors LLC

Big Tree Capital LLC

Brandometry, LLC

BUZZ Indexes

Cambria Indices, LLC

Chicago Board Option Exchange

China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd

Compass Efficient Model Portfolios, LLC

Credit Suisse Group AG

Citigroup

Beacon Indexes

Guggenheim Partners

Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC

Concinnity Advisors, LP

Center for Research in Security Prices

Cohen & Steers, Inc.

China Securities Index Co., Ltd.

Cleantech Group LLC

Swank Capital

Deutsche Bank AG

Dimensional Fund Advisors LP

Diamond Hill Capital Management, Inc.

Denver Investments

Deutsche Börse

Dorsey Wright & Associates

INDXX

ERI Scientific Beta

EE Fund Management LLC

Empirical Finance, LLC

EGA Indices

Etho Capital

Economic Data - No Index Provider

EQM Indexes LLC

ETFx Investment Partners, LLC

ETP Ventures

FactSet Research Systems Inc.

Fidelity Investments

FTSE Russell

Gavekal Capital, LLC

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.

Horizon Kinetics

Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited

Inspire Investing

Process Solutions LLC

Markit Indices Limited

Infrastructure Capital Advisors, LLC

IndexIQ

India Index Services & Product Limited

Indus Advisors LLC

IPOX Schuster, LLC.

iBillionaire Inc

International Securities Exchange

Janus Index & Calculation Services LLC

JPMorgan Chase & Co.

JASDAQ Securities Exchange

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

Korea Stock Exchange

Hartford Funds Management Company, LLC

London Bullion Market Association

Lunt Capital Management, Inc

Level ETF Ventures LLC

Loncar Investments, LLC

LPX GmbH

LocalShares Inc.

London Fix

Indxis (Mergent, Inc.)

MarketGrader

Miller/Howard Investments

MAC Indexing, LLC

Bank Of America Merrill Lynch

MorningStar

MSCI

Neil Macneale, Inc

ICE NYSE

S-Network Global Indexes

Nikkei Inc.

New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.

Nomura Holdings, Inc.

NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.

Northern Trust

Index Design Group

Premise Capital, LLC

QS Investors, LLC

RARE Infrastructure (North America) Pty Limited

Royce&Associates

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC

Reality Shares Advisors, LLC

Rogers

Research Affiliates

Renaissance Capital International, LLC

Red Rocks Capital LLC

Russian Trading System Stock Exchange

ROBO-STOX, LLC

Ryan ALM, Inc.

State Street Global Advisors

Sabrient Systems, LLC.

SPADE

The Stock Exchange of Thailand

Spirited Funds, LLC

Société Générale

Shanghai Stock Exchange

Sit Fixed Income Advisors II, LLC

Samsung Investment Trust Management Co., Ltd.

STOXX Limited

Standard & Poor's

SportsETFs LLC

Solactive AG

SummerHaven Index Management, LLC

Shenzhen Securities Information Co., Ltd.

Teucrium Trading, LLC

Trust & Fiduciary Management Services, Inc

Thomson Reuters

Tortoise Index Solutions, LLC

Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc.

Toroso Asset Management

U.S. Global Indices, LLC

Vident Financial, LLC

MV Index Solutions (VanEck)

Value Line, Inc.

VelocityShares Index Calculation Services

VTL Associates, LLC

Wells Fargo

Wildershares, LLC.

Wilshire Associates Incorporated

WisdomTree

No Index Provider

Zacks Investment Research






































Geography
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (17)

Global (14)

International (Ex-US) (0)

Regional (0) > 

Country Specific (3) > 

Developed Markets (0)

Emerging Markets (0) > 

Frontier Markets (0)

















Investment Philosophy
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (17)

Passively Managed (5)

Enhanced Strategy (11) > 

Actively Managed (1)

















Asset Class
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                



















All (17)

Equity (7) > 

Fixed Income (2) > 

Commodity (0) > 

Currency (0) > 

Real Estate (1) > 

Multi-Asset / Hybrid (7) > 

Volatility (0)

















Index Composition
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (17)

Traditional (6) > 

Fundamental (0) > 

Alternative (11) > 

















Leveraged / Inverse
                                                                                 > 
                                                                                


















All (17)

No Leverage (17)

Leveraged (0) > 

Inverse (0)

Inverse Leveraged (0) > 




























Geography: All     |    
Investment Philosophy: All     |    
Asset Class: All     |    
Index Composition: All     |    
Leveraged/Inverse: All































                                                                Selected:
                                                                
                                                                    no ETFs selected
                                                                
























Average XTF Rating:    3Average Expense Ratio: .76%Total # Of ETFs: 17Aggregate Market Cap: $2.23B10














ETF Symbol



ETF Description



XTF Rating



Expense Ratio



Asset class



Index Provider (filtered)



Index



Market Cap



Similar ETFs



 MNAIQ Merger Arbitrage ETF7.40.77%EquityIndexIQIQ ARB Merger Arbitrage Index$253,298,000 MRGR, QXGG, INKM, EVSTC, XMX

 MCROIQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF4.41.02%EquityIndexIQIQ Hedge Macro Index$6,476,975 No Similar ETFs

 ROOFIQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF4.10.69%Real EstateIndexIQIQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index$121,311,080 KBWY, RORE, REM, NURE, FRI

 CROPIQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF3.50.76%EquityIndexIQIQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index$13,779,000 VEGI, MOO, PAGG, ORG, KXI

 KROOIQ Australia Small Cap ETF1.90.70%EquityIndexIQIQ Australia Small Cap ETF$7,931,880 AUSE, IPAC, VPL, RFAP, FAUS

 GRESIQ Global Resources ETF1.80.77%EquityIndexIQIQ Global Resources Index$180,918,000 GUNR, HAP, GNR, FTRI, MXI

 IOILIQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF0.70.76%EquityIndexIQIQ Global Oil Small Cap Index$2,496,750 CRAK, IXC, FILL, FRAK, MLPG

 CNDAIQ Canada Small Cap ETF0.60.69%EquityIndexIQIQ Canada Small Cap Index$10,608,000 FCAN, EWC, QCAN, HEWC

 AGGEIQ Enhanced Core Bond US ETFnr0.34%Fixed IncomeIndexIQIQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index$72,599,939 AGGP, CLYH, IGIH, DWFI, NUAG

 AGGPIQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond US ETFnr0.35%Fixed IncomeIndexIQIQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index$260,424,520 AGGE, IGIH, CLYH, DWFI, NUAG







-








% chg from 52-wk High





% chg from 52-wk Low





Annualized Return 1Y





Annualized Return 3Y





Annualized Return 5Y





Annualized Return 6M





Avg # of Components







                                                        Avg Bid Ask Ratio
                                                    






Avg Daily Volume (shares)





Avg Trade Size (shares)





Beta  6M





Beta 1Y





Beta 2Y





Beta 3Y





Cap Gains Dist





Concentration Risk





Diversification





Dividend Yield





Drawdown  6M





Drawdown 1Y





Drawdown 2Y





Drawdown 3Y





Earnings Yield





Efficiency (bps)





Fund Turnover (days)





Futures Available





Interest Rate Risk





Investment Metric Rank





Legal Structure





Market Impact





Net Asset Value





Options Available





Premium (Discount)





Sharpe Ratio 1Y





Sharpe Ratio 3Y





Sharpe Ratio 5Y





Sharpe Ratio 6M





Short Interest





Standard Deviation (risk) 1Y





Standard Deviation (risk) 3Y





Standard Deviation (risk) 5Y





Standard Deviation (risk) 6M







                                                        Structural Integrity Ranking
                                                    






Tracking Error





Yield to Maturity










Page 1 of 2 (17 items)[1]2 (page size can be changed by  subscribers only)  Rows per page:





									10
								






Create Filter Clear



Loading…




















































Please upgrade to view Premium Content.











Loading…














                Home
                

   |   


            
                About
                

   |   


            
                Press & Media
                

   |   


            
                Contact


                            ©
                            
                            LSEG Information Services (US) Inc., All Rights Reserved.
                            Disclaimer.
                            Terms of Use.
                            Privacy Policy.
                            .59











						 
                    Please upgrade to view Premium Content.










Loading…


















Press























In order to bring you the best possible user experience, this site uses Javascript. If you are seeing this message, it is likely that the Javascript option in your browser is disabled. For optimal viewing of this site, please ensure that Javascript is enabled for your browser.






Financial Professionals

Login
Register


Institutions

DCIO
RIA







MainStay Funds
IndexIQ ETFs





Welcome, First Name
Logout


















Absolute Return

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)




Fixed Income

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)

Global/International

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)




Real Assets

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)

U.S. Equity

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)

Additional Links

Schwab ETF OneSourceTM







Philosophy Benefits
Process Model Portfolios


Featured Literature
Trusts & Estates features Brendan Gundersen

 Article: Using Alternative ETFs for Endowment-Model Investing »










Absolute Return

IQ Hedge Composite Beta Index (IQHGCOB)
IQ Hedge Emerging Markets Beta Index (IQHGEMB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Beta Index (IQHGEDB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Index (IQHGED)
IQ Hedge Fixed Income Arbitrage Beta Index (IQHGFIB)
IQ Hedge Global Macro Beta Index (IQHGGMB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Beta Index (IQHGLSB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Index (IQHGLS)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Beta Index (IQHGMNB)
IQ Hedge Macro Index (IQHGMA)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Index (IQHGMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Index (IQHGMS)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Index (IQHGALPH)
IQ Merger Arbitrage Index (IQMNA)
IQ Real Return Index (IQHGCPI)

Fixed Income

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGP)





Global/International

IQ 300 Growth Index (IQ300G)
IQ 500 Index (IQ500)
IQ 500 International Index (IQ500I)
IQ BRIC ADR Index (IQBRIC)
IQ Candriam Asia Pacific SRI Index (IQSRIA)
IQ Candriam Europe SRI Index (IQSRIE)
IQ Candriam International SRI Index (IQSRIN)
IQ Candriam US SRI Index (IQSRIU)
IQ Candriam World SRI Index (IQSRIW)
IQ Emerging Markets ADR Index (IQEM)
IQ Fastest Growing Companies Index (IQINFGC)

IQ Innovation Leaders Index (IQININO)
IQ Leaders GTAA Index (IQGTAA)

Real Assets

IQ Australia Small Cap Index (IQSMAUS)
IQ Canada Small Cap Index (IQSMCAN)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index (IQCROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap Index (IQSMOIL)
IQ Global Resources Index (IQGRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index (IQSMRES)





Third Party

FTSE Developed ex North America 50% Hedged to USD Index (TPNYL12)
FTSE Europe 50% Hedged to USD Index (TGPNYL14)
FTSE Japan 50% Hedged to USD Index (GPNYL020)
NASDAQ Chaikin Power US Small Cap Index (NQUSCHKT)
S&P High Yield Low Volatility Corporate Bond Index (SPUSHLV)

Additional Links

Index Notices
Licensing Information











 Preparing for Rising Interest Rates  Managing Equity
Volatility  Managing Foreign Currency Exposure
 Generating Income  Positioning for Commodity/Oil Rebound  Building a Smarter Core with ETFs


Featured Literature
Seeking to Enhance the Performance of Your Core Bond Exposure?

 Consider an approach that dynamically navigates
the ever-evolving fixed-income market »







Article Reprints Blog Posts Brochures Distributions Education
Fact SheetsMethodology - Indexes Monthly Insights Product Information
Product SnapshotProspectuses & Regulatory ReportsVideos White Papers


Featured Literature
Beyond Just Oil and Gold...

  Consider a dynamic approach to natural
resources through equities »







What is an ETF? Creating a Diversified Portfolio Types of ETFs What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds What is an Authorized Participant? Expenses and Taxes















 










  
 


 

 

 


 
 









Financial Professionals
Login
Register
Institutions
DCIO
RIA





 





ETFs  

Overview
Absolute Return  

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)


Fixed Income  

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
 IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)


Global/International  

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)


Real Assets  

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)


U.S. Equity  

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)


Other Products  

Closed-End Fund
MainStay Funds
Managed Accounts


Additional Links  

Schwab ETF One Source




Institutional  

Overview
Philosophy
Benefits
Process
Model Portfolios


Indexes  

Overview
Absolute Return  

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Index (IQHGED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Index (IQHGLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Index (IQHGMA)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Index (IQHQMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Index (IQHGMS)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Index (IQHGALPH)
IQ Merger Arbitrage Index (IQMNA)
IQ Real Return Index (IQHGCPI)


Fixed Income  

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGP)


Global/International  

IQ 300 Growth Index (IQ300G)
IQ 500 Index (IQ500)
IQ 500 International Index (IQ500I)
IQ BRIC ADR Index (IQBRIC)
IQ Candriam Asia Pacific SRI Index (IQSRIA)
IQ Candriam Europe SRI Index (IQSRIE)
IQ Candriam International SRI Index (IQSRIN)
IQ Candriam US SRI Index (IQSRIU)
IQ Candriam World SRI Index (IQSRIW)
IQ Emerging Markets ADR Index (IQEM)
IQ Fastest Growing Companies Index (IQINFGC)
IQ Hedge Composite Beta Index (IQHGCOB)
IQ Hedge Emerging Markets Beta Index (IQHGEMB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Beta Index (IQHGEDB)
IQ Hedge Fixed Income Arbitrage Beta Index (IQHGFIB)
IQ Hedge Global Macro Beta Index (IQHGGMB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Beta Index (IQHGLSB)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Beta Index (IQHGMNB)
IQ Innovation Leaders Index (IQININO)
IQ Leaders GTAA Index (IQGTAA)


Real Assets  

IQ Australia Small Cap Index (IQSMAUS)
IQ Canada Small Cap Index (IQSMCAN)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index (IQCROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap Index (IQSMOIL)
IQ Global Resources Index (IQGRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index (IQMRES)


Third Party  

FTSE Developed ex North America 50% Hedged to USD Index (TPNYL12)
FTSE Europe 50% Hedged to USD Index (TGPNYL14)
FTSE Japan 50% Hedged to USD Index (GPNYL020)
NASDAQ Chaikin Power US Small Cap Index (NQUSCHKT)
S&P High Yield Low Volatility Corporate Bond Index (SPUSHLV)


Additional Links  

Index Notices
Licensing Information




Solutions  

Overview
Preparing for Rising Interest Rates
Managing Equity Volatility
Managing Foreign Currency Exposure
Generating Income
Positioning for Commodity/Oil Rebound
Building a Smarter Core


Resources  

Overview
Article Reprints
Blog Posts
Brochures
Distributions
Education
Fact Sheets
Methodology - Indexes
Monthly Insights
Product Information
Product Snapshot
Prospectuses &
Regulatory Reports
Videos
White Papers


Education  

Overview
What is an ETF?
Creating a Diversified Portfolio
Types of ETFs
What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds
What is an Authorized Participant?
Expenses and Taxes


About  

Overview
The IndexIQ Advantage
Press
Management
Contact Us


Blog
MainStay Funds

































Home
Press















Press





Choose a year:

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012

2017


IndexIQ Lowers Fees for its Suite of 50 Percent Currency Hedged International Equity ETFsJuly 12, 2017


IndexIQ Hedge Fund Indexes Continue Upward Trend in June, Led by the IQ Merger Arbitrage IndexJuly 5, 2017


IndexIQ Hedge Fund Indexes All Up Again for MayJune 8, 2017


IndexIQ Launches the IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)May 16, 2017


IndexIQ Hedge Fund Indexes Post Strong Returns for AprilMay 8, 2017


Global Macro Leads Recent Strategy Performance Among IndexIQ's IQ Hedge Index FamilyApril 13, 2017


Harvey Steele Named 2017 Rising Star of Mutual FundsApril 3, 2017


February Sees Continued Run of Positive Returns March 13, 2017


IndexIQ Introduces First High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)February 15, 2017


IndexIQ Hedge Fund Index Jumps in DecemberJanuary 18, 2017


IndexIQ Shares its Top Trends and Insights for 2017January 9, 2017


Return to Top 
2016


Merger Arbitrage, Global Macro Indexes Show Strong Returns in SeptemberOctober 12, 2016


IQ Hedge Index Family Ends July with All Six Indexes UpAugust 17, 2016


IndexIQ’s Mid-year Update on the Top Five ETF Trends and Insights for 2016July 27, 2016


IQ Merger Arbitrage Index Leads Four of Six IndexIQ IQ Hedge Indexes Higher in MayJune 23, 2016


Four Of Six IndexIQ Hedge Fund Indexes Up For AprilMay 18, 2016


IndexIQ Launches First ETFs To Introduce Momentum Investing To Fixed Income MarketsMay 10, 2016


IndexIQ Hedge Fund Indexes all Turn Positive In MarchApril 14, 2016


IndexIQ's IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (Ticker: QAI) Named "Best 40 Act Liquid Alternatives Fund" By HedgeweekMarch 21, 2016


IndexIQ: Hedge Fund Strategies Have Outperformed Equity Markets Through The First Two Months Of 2016; M&A Activity Remains RobustMarch 16, 2016


IndexIQ Announces January 2016 Performance of Its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesFebruary 10, 2016


IndexIQ Announces Top Five ETF Trends and Insights for 2016January 26, 2016


IndexIQ Announces January 2016 M&A Deal Holdings In IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)January 14, 2016


IndexIQ Announces December 2015 Perfomance of its IQ Hedge Family of  Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexJanuary 13, 2016


Return to Top 
2015


IndexIQ Announces October 2015 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication Indexes November 17, 2015


Do ETFs Have a Role to Play in Tax Harvesting?November 17, 2015


IndexIQ Announces November 2015 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)November 17, 2015


IndexIQ’s Suite of 50% Currency-Hedged ETFs Now Available on Schwab ETF OneSource™October 21, 2015


IndexIQ Announces Launch of the IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETFSeptember 30, 2015


IndexIQ Announces September 2015 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker:MNA)September 11, 2015


IndexIQ Announces August 2015 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesSeptember 9, 2015


IndexIQ Launches World's First Suite Of 50% Currency-Hedged ETFsJuly 22, 2015


IndexIQ Rings Opening Bell at the New York Stock ExchangeMay 19, 2015


IndexIQ Announces May 2015 M&A Deal Holdings In IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)May 18, 2015


IndexIQ Announces April 2015 Performance Of Its IQ Hedge Family Of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMay 13, 2015


IndexIQ Adds To Industry-Leading Liquid Alts Family; Now Offers Complete Toolkit For Those Looking To "Build Their Own Hedge Fund Strategy"March 24, 2015


IndexIQ Announces March 2015 M&A Deal Holdings In IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)March 5, 2015


IndexIQ Announces February 2015 Performance Of Its IQ Hedge Family Of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMarch 4, 2015


IndexIQ Announces February 2015 M&A Deal Holdings In IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)February 6, 2015


IndexIQ Announces January 2015 Performance Of Its IQ Hedge Family Of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesFebruary 5, 2015


IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI) Tops $1 Billion In AssetsJanuary 27, 2015


IndexIQ Celebrates Key 2014 MilestonesJanuary 22, 2015


Three Pioneering IndexIQ ETFs Mark Their Fifth AnniversaryJanuary 6, 2015


IndexIQ Announces January 2015 M&A Deal Holdings In IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)January 6, 2015


IndexIQ Announces January 2015 M&A Deal Holdings In IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)January 6, 2015


IndexIQ Announces December 2014 Performance Of Its IQ Hedge Family Of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJanuary 5, 2015


Return to Top 
2014


IndexIQ Announces December 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)December 4, 2014


New York Life Investment Management to Acquire IndexIQDecember 4, 2014


IndexIQ Announces November 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesDecember 2, 2014


IndexIQ Announces November 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)November 7, 2014


IndexIQ Announces October 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesNovember 5, 2014


IndexIQ ETF Semi-Annual ReportOctober 31, 2014


IndexIQ Announces October 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)October 3, 2014


IndexIQ Announces September 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesOctober 3, 2014


IndexIQ ETFs Now Available on Schwab ETF OneSource™September 18, 2014


IndexIQ Announces August 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesSeptember 3, 2014


IndexIQ Announces September 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)September 3, 2014


IIndexIQ Announces July 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesAugust 4, 2014


IndexIQ Announces April 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesAugust 4, 2014


IndexIQ Announces July 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)July 2, 2014


IndexIQ Announces June 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJuly 2, 2014


IndexIQ’s IQ US Real Estate ETF (ROOF) Celebrates its Third AnniversaryJune 16, 2014


IndexIQ’s IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO) Marks Its Fifth AnniversaryJune 9, 2014


IndexIQ Announces May 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJune 4, 2014


IndexIQ Announces June 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)June 4, 2014


IndexIQ Announces May 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)May 5, 2014


IndexIQ Announces April 2014 Performance of Its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMay 2, 2014


IndexIQ Announces March 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesApril 3, 2014


IndexIQ Announces April 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)April 3, 2014


IndexIQ’s IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP) Marks Third Anniversary; Positioned to Take Advantage of Worldwide Food Scarcity and Demand and Global Population GrowthApril 1, 2014


IndexIQ Announces March 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)March 7, 2014


IndexIQ Announces February 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMarch 3, 2014


IndexIQ Announces February 2014 M&A Deal Holdings in IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (Ticker: MNA)February 20, 2014


IndexIQ Announces January 2014 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesFebruary 4, 2014


Liquid Alternatives Pioneer IndexIQ has Banner Year in 2013 with Accelerated Growth and Continued InnovationJanuary 15, 2014


IndexIQ Announces December 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJanuary 6, 2014


IndexIQ Announces Quarterly Dividend and 9.40% Annual Yield for its Real Estate ETF (ROOF)January 8, 2013


Return to Top 
2013


IndexIQ Announces Zero Capital Gain Distributions Estimate for All ETFs for 2013December 13, 2013


IndexIQ Announces November 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesDecember 3, 2013


IndexIQ Liquid Alternatives Continue to Attract Fixed Income InvestorsDecember 2, 2013


IndexIQ Announces October 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesNovember 4, 2013


First Hedge Fund Style ETF (QAI) Tops $500 Million in AssetsOctober 7, 2013


IndexIQ Announces September 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesOctober 2, 2013


IndexIQ Announces August 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesSeptember 4, 2013


IndexIQ Announces July 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesAugust 2, 2013


IndexIQ’s IQ Alpha Hedge Strategy Fund, First Open-End Mutual Fund Based on Hedge Fund Replication, Turns FiveJuly 8, 2013


IndexIQ Announces June 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJuly 3, 2013


IndexIQ Announces May 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJune 5, 2013


IndexIQ Surpasses $1 Billion in Assets as Leader in Liquid Alternative Exchange-Traded FundsMay 15, 2013


IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker (QMN) Named “Most Innovative ETF” at the 9TH Annual Global ETF AwardsMay 13, 2013


IndexIQ Announces April 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMay 3, 2013


IndexIQ Announces March 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesApril 3, 2013


IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI) Marks 4-Year Anniversary; First Hedge Fund Style Exchange-Traded Fund is also Industry’s Largest Alternative ETFApril 2, 2013


IndexIQ Announces February 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMarch 5, 2013


IndexIQ named “Most Innovative North American ETF Provider”February 28, 2013


International Securities Exchange and IndexIQ Announce Broad Partnership to Develop and Launch Innovative Exchange-Traded ProductsFebruary 6, 2013


IndexIQ Announces January 2013 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesFebruary 5, 2013


IndexIQ Announces December 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJanuary 3, 2013


Return to Top 
2012


IndexIQ Announces Capital Gains and Income 2012 Distributions for the IndexIQ FundsDecember 31, 2012


IndexIQ’s IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES) receives 5-star overall morningstar rating™December 20, 2012


IndexIQ Announces Zero Capital Gain Distributions Estimate for All Funds for 2012December 6, 2012


IndexIQ Announces November 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesDecember 5, 2012


IndexIQ Announces October 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesNovember 5, 2012


IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES) and IQ Real Return ETF (CPI) both Outperform Benchmarks at 3-Year AnniversaryNovember 5, 2012


IndexIQ Launches QMN as Latest in Innovative Family of Absolute Return Hedge Fund ETFsOctober 4, 2012


IndexIQ Announces September 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesOctober 2, 2012


IndexIQ Announces August 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesSeptember 7, 2012


IndexIQ Announces July 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesAugust 2, 2012


IndexIQ Announces June 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJuly 6, 2012


First Global Macro Hedge Fund ETF (MCRO), Offering Low Volatility and Low Correlation Global Macro Investing for all Investors, Celebrates Three-Year AnniversaryJune 18, 2012


IndexIQ Announces May 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJune 5, 2012


IndexIQ Announces April 2012 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesMay 4, 2012


IndexIQ Announces March 2012 Index Performance; Marks 5-Year Anniversary of IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication and Alternative Beta IndexesApril 2, 2012


Envestnet Adds IndexIQ’s IQ Global Alternatives ETF Model Portfolio To Liquid Alternatives Program January 10, 2012


IndexIQ Announces December 2011 Performance of its IQ Hedge Family of Investable Benchmark Hedge Fund Replication IndexesJanuary 6, 2012


Return to Top 




















ETFS »

Absolute Return
Fixed Income
Global/
International
Real Assets
U.S. Equity


INDEXES »

Absolute Return
Global/
International
Real Assets



INSTITUTIONAL »

Philosophy
Benefits
Process
Model Portfolios




SOLUTIONS »

Building a Smarter Core
with ETFs
Preparing for Rising
Interest Rates
Managing Equity
Volatility
Managing Foreign
Currency Exposure
Positioning for
Commodity/Oil
Rebound



RESOURCES »

Article Reprints
Blog Posts
Brochures
Distributions
Education
Fact Sheets
Methodology - Indexes
Monthly Insights
Product Information
Product Snapshot
Prospectuses &
Regulatory Reports
Videos
White Papers



EDUCATION »

What is an ETF?
Creating a Diversified
Portfolio
Types of ETFs
What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds
What is an Authorized
Participant?
ETFs: Lower Expenses and
Tax Consequences



ABOUT »

The IndexIQ
Advantage
Management
Press
Contact Us











Connect With Us

 
 
 
 
 





Get Help
Get Help

Contact Us




Document eDelivery
   go paperless


IndexIQ Insights
sign up now


Connect With Us

 
 
 
 
 











Privacy Policy

Terms of Use



© 2017 New York Life Investment Management LLC. All rights reserved.







Consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus and the statement of additional information include this and other relevant information about the Funds and are available by visiting IQetfs.com or calling 888-934-0777. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
About risk
There are risks involved with investing in any such products, including the possible loss of principal. Investors in the Funds should be willing to accept a high degree of volatility and the possibility of significant losses.
Alternative investments are speculative, entail substantial risk and are not suitable for all clients. Alternative investments are intended for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the high economic risks of the investment. Investments in absolute-return strategies are not intended to outperform stocks and bonds during strong market rallies. Hedge funds and hedge fund of funds can be highly volatile, carry substantial fees, and involve complex tax structures. Investments in these types of funds involve a high degree of risk, including loss of entire capital. Investments in derivatives often involve leverage, which may increase the volatility of the investment and may result in a loss.
As with all investments, there are certain risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund’s Shares will change in value and you could lose money by investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund does not represent a complete investment program.
MainStay Investments® is a registered service mark and name under which New York Life Investment Management LLC does business. MainStay Investments, an indirect subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10010, provides investment advisory products and services. IndexIQ® is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC. ALPS Distributors, Inc. (ALPS) is the principal underwriter of the ETFs. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a distributor of the ETFs and the principal underwriter of the IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is located at 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302. ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with NYLIFE Distributors LLC. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a Member FINRA/SIPC.


 














































IndexIQ - Smart solutions for building better portfolios




























In order to bring you the best possible user experience, this site uses Javascript. If you are seeing this message, it is likely that the Javascript option in your browser is disabled. For optimal viewing of this site, please ensure that Javascript is enabled for your browser.






Financial Professionals

Login
Register


Institutions

DCIO
RIA







MainStay Funds
IndexIQ ETFs





Welcome, First Name
Logout


















Absolute Return

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)




Fixed Income

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)

Global/International

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)




Real Assets

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)

U.S. Equity

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)

Additional Links

Schwab ETF OneSourceTM







Philosophy Benefits
Process Model Portfolios


Featured Literature
Trusts & Estates features Brendan Gundersen

 Article: Using Alternative ETFs for Endowment-Model Investing »










Absolute Return

IQ Hedge Composite Beta Index (IQHGCOB)
IQ Hedge Emerging Markets Beta Index (IQHGEMB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Beta Index (IQHGEDB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Index (IQHGED)
IQ Hedge Fixed Income Arbitrage Beta Index (IQHGFIB)
IQ Hedge Global Macro Beta Index (IQHGGMB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Beta Index (IQHGLSB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Index (IQHGLS)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Beta Index (IQHGMNB)
IQ Hedge Macro Index (IQHGMA)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Index (IQHGMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Index (IQHGMS)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Index (IQHGALPH)
IQ Merger Arbitrage Index (IQMNA)
IQ Real Return Index (IQHGCPI)

Fixed Income

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGP)





Global/International

IQ 300 Growth Index (IQ300G)
IQ 500 Index (IQ500)
IQ 500 International Index (IQ500I)
IQ BRIC ADR Index (IQBRIC)
IQ Candriam Asia Pacific SRI Index (IQSRIA)
IQ Candriam Europe SRI Index (IQSRIE)
IQ Candriam International SRI Index (IQSRIN)
IQ Candriam US SRI Index (IQSRIU)
IQ Candriam World SRI Index (IQSRIW)
IQ Emerging Markets ADR Index (IQEM)
IQ Fastest Growing Companies Index (IQINFGC)

IQ Innovation Leaders Index (IQININO)
IQ Leaders GTAA Index (IQGTAA)

Real Assets

IQ Australia Small Cap Index (IQSMAUS)
IQ Canada Small Cap Index (IQSMCAN)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index (IQCROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap Index (IQSMOIL)
IQ Global Resources Index (IQGRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index (IQSMRES)





Third Party

FTSE Developed ex North America 50% Hedged to USD Index (TPNYL12)
FTSE Europe 50% Hedged to USD Index (TGPNYL14)
FTSE Japan 50% Hedged to USD Index (GPNYL020)
NASDAQ Chaikin Power US Small Cap Index (NQUSCHKT)
S&P High Yield Low Volatility Corporate Bond Index (SPUSHLV)

Additional Links

Index Notices
Licensing Information











 Preparing for Rising Interest Rates  Managing Equity
Volatility  Managing Foreign Currency Exposure
 Generating Income  Positioning for Commodity/Oil Rebound  Building a Smarter Core with ETFs


Featured Literature
Seeking to Enhance the Performance of Your Core Bond Exposure?

 Consider an approach that dynamically navigates
the ever-evolving fixed-income market »







Article Reprints Blog Posts Brochures Distributions Education
Fact SheetsMethodology - Indexes Monthly Insights Product Information
Product SnapshotProspectuses & Regulatory ReportsVideos White Papers


Featured Literature
Beyond Just Oil and Gold...

  Consider a dynamic approach to natural
resources through equities »







What is an ETF? Creating a Diversified Portfolio Types of ETFs What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds What is an Authorized Participant? Expenses and Taxes















 










  
 


 

 

 


 
 









Financial Professionals
Login
Register
Institutions
DCIO
RIA





 





ETFs  

Overview
Absolute Return  

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)


Fixed Income  

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
 IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)


Global/International  

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)


Real Assets  

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)


U.S. Equity  

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)


Other Products  

Closed-End Fund
MainStay Funds
Managed Accounts


Additional Links  

Schwab ETF One Source




Institutional  

Overview
Philosophy
Benefits
Process
Model Portfolios


Indexes  

Overview
Absolute Return  

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Index (IQHGED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Index (IQHGLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Index (IQHGMA)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Index (IQHQMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Index (IQHGMS)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Index (IQHGALPH)
IQ Merger Arbitrage Index (IQMNA)
IQ Real Return Index (IQHGCPI)


Fixed Income  

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGP)


Global/International  

IQ 300 Growth Index (IQ300G)
IQ 500 Index (IQ500)
IQ 500 International Index (IQ500I)
IQ BRIC ADR Index (IQBRIC)
IQ Candriam Asia Pacific SRI Index (IQSRIA)
IQ Candriam Europe SRI Index (IQSRIE)
IQ Candriam International SRI Index (IQSRIN)
IQ Candriam US SRI Index (IQSRIU)
IQ Candriam World SRI Index (IQSRIW)
IQ Emerging Markets ADR Index (IQEM)
IQ Fastest Growing Companies Index (IQINFGC)
IQ Hedge Composite Beta Index (IQHGCOB)
IQ Hedge Emerging Markets Beta Index (IQHGEMB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Beta Index (IQHGEDB)
IQ Hedge Fixed Income Arbitrage Beta Index (IQHGFIB)
IQ Hedge Global Macro Beta Index (IQHGGMB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Beta Index (IQHGLSB)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Beta Index (IQHGMNB)
IQ Innovation Leaders Index (IQININO)
IQ Leaders GTAA Index (IQGTAA)


Real Assets  

IQ Australia Small Cap Index (IQSMAUS)
IQ Canada Small Cap Index (IQSMCAN)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index (IQCROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap Index (IQSMOIL)
IQ Global Resources Index (IQGRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index (IQMRES)


Third Party  

FTSE Developed ex North America 50% Hedged to USD Index (TPNYL12)
FTSE Europe 50% Hedged to USD Index (TGPNYL14)
FTSE Japan 50% Hedged to USD Index (GPNYL020)
NASDAQ Chaikin Power US Small Cap Index (NQUSCHKT)
S&P High Yield Low Volatility Corporate Bond Index (SPUSHLV)


Additional Links  

Index Notices
Licensing Information




Solutions  

Overview
Preparing for Rising Interest Rates
Managing Equity Volatility
Managing Foreign Currency Exposure
Generating Income
Positioning for Commodity/Oil Rebound
Building a Smarter Core


Resources  

Overview
Article Reprints
Blog Posts
Brochures
Distributions
Education
Fact Sheets
Methodology - Indexes
Monthly Insights
Product Information
Product Snapshot
Prospectuses &
Regulatory Reports
Videos
White Papers


Education  

Overview
What is an ETF?
Creating a Diversified Portfolio
Types of ETFs
What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds
What is an Authorized Participant?
Expenses and Taxes


About  

Overview
The IndexIQ Advantage
Press
Management
Contact Us


Blog
MainStay Funds






























  



Today's Fixed-Income Allocations Require
the Right Solutions »




IndexIQ Launches the IQ Chaikin U.S. Small
Cap ETF (CSML) »





New Post: The Reflation Trade »




Isolate Returns from Broad Market Influences »




Looking Beyond Just
Oil and Gold »









A leader in liquid alternative ETFs




Solutions

 Building a smarter core
 Preparing for rising interest
rates
 Managing equity volatility
 Managing foreign currency exposure



Video Highlight

 Where Alternative Beta Fits in Portfolios


Blog

 Read the IndexIQ team's
latest insights on the
new MainStay blog











Smart solutions for building better portfolios






Products




Absolute Return
Featured ETFs
Fixed Income
Global/International
Real Assets
U.S. Equity


IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)


IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)
IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)


IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)


IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)


IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)


IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)


Stay in touch with IndexIQ Insights
sign up now




Absolute Return  

Inflation Hedge
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)
Hedge Strategies
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
Hedge Strategies (Mutual Fund)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)


Featured ETFs  

IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)
IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)


Fixed Income  

Enhanced Core Bond
IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)


Global/International  

Currency Hedged Equity
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
Multi-Asset Class
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)


Real Assets  

Real Estate
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)
Commodities/Natural Resources
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)


U.S. Equity  

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)












IndexIQ Insights
sign up now







Solutions



 

Building a smarter core »




 

Preparing for rising interest rates »




 

Managing equity volatility »




 

Managing foreign currency exposure »






















ETFS »

Absolute Return
Fixed Income
Global/
International
Real Assets
U.S. Equity


INDEXES »

Absolute Return
Global/
International
Real Assets



INSTITUTIONAL »

Philosophy
Benefits
Process
Model Portfolios




SOLUTIONS »

Building a Smarter Core
with ETFs
Preparing for Rising
Interest Rates
Managing Equity
Volatility
Managing Foreign
Currency Exposure
Positioning for
Commodity/Oil
Rebound



RESOURCES »

Article Reprints
Blog Posts
Brochures
Distributions
Education
Fact Sheets
Methodology - Indexes
Monthly Insights
Product Information
Product Snapshot
Prospectuses &
Regulatory Reports
Videos
White Papers



EDUCATION »

What is an ETF?
Creating a Diversified
Portfolio
Types of ETFs
What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds
What is an Authorized
Participant?
ETFs: Lower Expenses and
Tax Consequences



ABOUT »

The IndexIQ
Advantage
Management
Press
Contact Us











Connect With Us

 
 
 
 
 





Get Help
Get Help

Contact Us




Document eDelivery
   go paperless


IndexIQ Insights
sign up now


Connect With Us

 
 
 
 
 











Privacy Policy

Terms of Use



© 2017 New York Life Investment Management LLC. All rights reserved.







Consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus and the statement of additional information include this and other relevant information about the Funds and are available by visiting IQetfs.com or calling 888-934-0777. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
About risk
There are risks involved with investing in any such products, including the possible loss of principal. Investors in the Funds should be willing to accept a high degree of volatility and the possibility of significant losses.
Alternative investments are speculative, entail substantial risk and are not suitable for all clients. Alternative investments are intended for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the high economic risks of the investment. Investments in absolute-return strategies are not intended to outperform stocks and bonds during strong market rallies. Hedge funds and hedge fund of funds can be highly volatile, carry substantial fees, and involve complex tax structures. Investments in these types of funds involve a high degree of risk, including loss of entire capital. Investments in derivatives often involve leverage, which may increase the volatility of the investment and may result in a loss.
As with all investments, there are certain risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund’s Shares will change in value and you could lose money by investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund does not represent a complete investment program.
MainStay Investments® is a registered service mark and name under which New York Life Investment Management LLC does business. MainStay Investments, an indirect subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10010, provides investment advisory products and services. IndexIQ® is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC. ALPS Distributors, Inc. (ALPS) is the principal underwriter of the ETFs. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a distributor of the ETFs and the principal underwriter of the IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is located at 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302. ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with NYLIFE Distributors LLC. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a Member FINRA/SIPC.


 














































IQ Australia Small Cap ETF  (KROO)

























In order to bring you the best possible user experience, this site uses Javascript. If you are seeing this message, it is likely that the Javascript option in your browser is disabled. For optimal viewing of this site, please ensure that Javascript is enabled for your browser.






Financial Professionals

Login
Register


Institutions

DCIO
RIA







MainStay Funds
IndexIQ ETFs





Welcome, First Name
Logout


















Absolute Return

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)




Fixed Income

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)

Global/International

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)




Real Assets

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)

U.S. Equity

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)

Additional Links

Schwab ETF OneSourceTM







Philosophy Benefits
Process Model Portfolios


Featured Literature
Trusts & Estates features Brendan Gundersen

 Article: Using Alternative ETFs for Endowment-Model Investing »










Absolute Return

IQ Hedge Composite Beta Index (IQHGCOB)
IQ Hedge Emerging Markets Beta Index (IQHGEMB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Beta Index (IQHGEDB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Index (IQHGED)
IQ Hedge Fixed Income Arbitrage Beta Index (IQHGFIB)
IQ Hedge Global Macro Beta Index (IQHGGMB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Beta Index (IQHGLSB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Index (IQHGLS)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Beta Index (IQHGMNB)
IQ Hedge Macro Index (IQHGMA)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Index (IQHGMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Index (IQHGMS)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Index (IQHGALPH)
IQ Merger Arbitrage Index (IQMNA)
IQ Real Return Index (IQHGCPI)

Fixed Income

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGP)





Global/International

IQ 300 Growth Index (IQ300G)
IQ 500 Index (IQ500)
IQ 500 International Index (IQ500I)
IQ BRIC ADR Index (IQBRIC)
IQ Candriam Asia Pacific SRI Index (IQSRIA)
IQ Candriam Europe SRI Index (IQSRIE)
IQ Candriam International SRI Index (IQSRIN)
IQ Candriam US SRI Index (IQSRIU)
IQ Candriam World SRI Index (IQSRIW)
IQ Emerging Markets ADR Index (IQEM)
IQ Fastest Growing Companies Index (IQINFGC)

IQ Innovation Leaders Index (IQININO)
IQ Leaders GTAA Index (IQGTAA)

Real Assets

IQ Australia Small Cap Index (IQSMAUS)
IQ Canada Small Cap Index (IQSMCAN)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index (IQCROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap Index (IQSMOIL)
IQ Global Resources Index (IQGRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index (IQSMRES)





Third Party

FTSE Developed ex North America 50% Hedged to USD Index (TPNYL12)
FTSE Europe 50% Hedged to USD Index (TGPNYL14)
FTSE Japan 50% Hedged to USD Index (GPNYL020)
NASDAQ Chaikin Power US Small Cap Index (NQUSCHKT)
S&P High Yield Low Volatility Corporate Bond Index (SPUSHLV)

Additional Links

Index Notices
Licensing Information











 Preparing for Rising Interest Rates  Managing Equity
Volatility  Managing Foreign Currency Exposure
 Generating Income  Positioning for Commodity/Oil Rebound  Building a Smarter Core with ETFs


Featured Literature
Seeking to Enhance the Performance of Your Core Bond Exposure?

 Consider an approach that dynamically navigates
the ever-evolving fixed-income market »







Article Reprints Blog Posts Brochures Distributions Education
Fact SheetsMethodology - Indexes Monthly Insights Product Information
Product SnapshotProspectuses & Regulatory ReportsVideos White Papers


Featured Literature
Beyond Just Oil and Gold...

  Consider a dynamic approach to natural
resources through equities »







What is an ETF? Creating a Diversified Portfolio Types of ETFs What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds What is an Authorized Participant? Expenses and Taxes















 










  
 


 

 

 


 
 









Financial Professionals
Login
Register
Institutions
DCIO
RIA





 





ETFs  

Overview
Absolute Return  

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ETF (MCRO)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund (IQHIX/IQHOX)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF (QAI)
IQ Merger Arbitrage ETF (MNA)
IQ Real Return ETF (CPI)


Fixed Income  

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP)
 IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV)


Global/International  

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE International ETF (HFXI)
IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ)
IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA)


Real Assets  

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)
IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL)
IQ Global Resources ETF (GRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap ETF (ROOF)


U.S. Equity  

IQ Chaikin U.S. Small Cap ETF (CSML)


Other Products  

Closed-End Fund
MainStay Funds
Managed Accounts


Additional Links  

Schwab ETF One Source




Institutional  

Overview
Philosophy
Benefits
Process
Model Portfolios


Indexes  

Overview
Absolute Return  

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Index (IQHGED)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Index (IQHGLS)
IQ Hedge Macro Index (IQHGMA)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Index (IQHQMN)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Index (IQHGMS)
IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Index (IQHGALPH)
IQ Merger Arbitrage Index (IQMNA)
IQ Real Return Index (IQHGCPI)


Fixed Income  

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGE)
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. Index (IQAGGP)


Global/International  

IQ 300 Growth Index (IQ300G)
IQ 500 Index (IQ500)
IQ 500 International Index (IQ500I)
IQ BRIC ADR Index (IQBRIC)
IQ Candriam Asia Pacific SRI Index (IQSRIA)
IQ Candriam Europe SRI Index (IQSRIE)
IQ Candriam International SRI Index (IQSRIN)
IQ Candriam US SRI Index (IQSRIU)
IQ Candriam World SRI Index (IQSRIW)
IQ Emerging Markets ADR Index (IQEM)
IQ Fastest Growing Companies Index (IQINFGC)
IQ Hedge Composite Beta Index (IQHGCOB)
IQ Hedge Emerging Markets Beta Index (IQHGEMB)
IQ Hedge Event-Driven Beta Index (IQHGEDB)
IQ Hedge Fixed Income Arbitrage Beta Index (IQHGFIB)
IQ Hedge Global Macro Beta Index (IQHGGMB)
IQ Hedge Long/Short Beta Index (IQHGLSB)
IQ Hedge Market Neutral Beta Index (IQHGMNB)
IQ Innovation Leaders Index (IQININO)
IQ Leaders GTAA Index (IQGTAA)


Real Assets  

IQ Australia Small Cap Index (IQSMAUS)
IQ Canada Small Cap Index (IQSMCAN)
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap Index (IQCROP)
IQ Global Oil Small Cap Index (IQSMOIL)
IQ Global Resources Index (IQGRES)
IQ US Real Estate Small Cap Index (IQMRES)


Third Party  

FTSE Developed ex North America 50% Hedged to USD Index (TPNYL12)
FTSE Europe 50% Hedged to USD Index (TGPNYL14)
FTSE Japan 50% Hedged to USD Index (GPNYL020)
NASDAQ Chaikin Power US Small Cap Index (NQUSCHKT)
S&P High Yield Low Volatility Corporate Bond Index (SPUSHLV)


Additional Links  

Index Notices
Licensing Information




Solutions  

Overview
Preparing for Rising Interest Rates
Managing Equity Volatility
Managing Foreign Currency Exposure
Generating Income
Positioning for Commodity/Oil Rebound
Building a Smarter Core


Resources  

Overview
Article Reprints
Blog Posts
Brochures
Distributions
Education
Fact Sheets
Methodology - Indexes
Monthly Insights
Product Information
Product Snapshot
Prospectuses &
Regulatory Reports
Videos
White Papers


Education  

Overview
What is an ETF?
Creating a Diversified Portfolio
Types of ETFs
What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds
What is an Authorized Participant?
Expenses and Taxes


About  

Overview
The IndexIQ Advantage
Press
Management
Contact Us


Blog
MainStay Funds




























Home
ETFs/Products
IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)







 
 
 
 
 














IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO)



















 
 
 
 











ETF Overview


 

Summary

The IQ Australia Small Cap ETF seeks to track, before fees and expenses, the performance of the IQ Australia Small Cap Index.


The market cap-weighted Index seeks to provide investors with a means of tracking the overall performance of small cap Australian companies.

 View Entire Summary

  Literature »




Pricing  


Pricing   






Share Price


 




Change


 




Change %


 








NAV


 




Change


 




Change %


 







 



Bid/Ask Mid-Point


 




Premium/Discount


 





Download Historical NAV »



Premium/Discount Table


Premium/Discount Table  

Select Date:  


Download Table »



Morningstar Rating3  


Morningstar Rating3   

 



Performance   


Performance    



MONTHLY
QUARTERLY


Index History (%)



Index History (%)

1 Month
3 Month
YTD
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
Since Inception*





n/a



n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a



Fund History (%)



Fund History (%)

1 Month
3 Month
YTD
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
Since Inception*





n/a



n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a





n/a



n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a






Index History (%)



Index History (%)

QTD
YTD
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
Since Inception3





n/a



n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a



Fund History (%)



Fund History (%)

QTD
YTD
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
Since Inception3





n/a



n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a





n/a



n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a


n/a







The performance data quoted above represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and value of the Fund shares will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted. Fund returns reflect dividends and capital gains distributions. Index performance is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent actual Fund performance. One cannot invest directly in an index. Performance data for the Index assumes reinvestment of dividends and is net of the management fees for the Index's components, as applicable, but it does not reflect management fees, transaction costs or other expenses that you would pay if you invested in the Fund directly.
Before you invest: As the Fund’s investments are concentrated in Australia, the value of its shares will be affected by factors specific to Australia and may fluctuate more widely than that of a fund which invests in a more diversified manner. Any negative changes in the agricultural or mining industries could have an adverse impact on the Australian economy. The Australian economy is heavily dependent upon trading with its key partners, including the U.S., Asia and Europe. Any reduction in this trading may cause an adverse impact on the economy in which the Fund invests. The Fund is susceptible to foreign securities risk – since the Fund invests in foreign markets, it will be subject to risk of loss not typically associated with domestic markets. The Fund is concentrated in small capitalization companies, whose stock prices generally are more volatile than those of larger companies and also are more vulnerable than those of large capitalization companies to adverse business and economic developments. Both the Fund’s ability to track its Index and Fund returns in general may be adversely impacted by changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund is non-diversified and is susceptible to greater losses if a single portfolio investment declines than would a diversified fund. The Fund is not suitable for all investors. Investors in the Fund should be willing to accept a high degree of volatility in the price of the Fund's Shares and the possibility of significant losses. An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and the Fund does not represent a complete investment program.
The IQ Australia Small Cap Index is a market capitalization-weighted index providing investors ameans of tracking the overall performance of the small capitalization sector of publicly traded companies domiciled and primarily listed on an exchange in Australia.
Returns less than 1 year are cumulative; all other returns are annualized.
* Fund Inception Date: March 23, 2010. The Index and Fund performance since inception in the table above is based on the Fund inception date. The Index inception date is February 8, 2010.
1. IOPV, or Indicative Optimized Portfolio Value, is a calculation disseminated by the stock exchange that approximates the Fund's NAV every 15 seconds throughout the trading day.
2. As stated in the Fund's prospectus, the management fee of 0.69% is expressed as a unitary fee to cover certain expenses incurred in connection with managing the portfolio. The Fund has Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses of 0.70%, which includes other Fund expenses.
IndexIQ shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Total Returns are calculated using the daily 4:00 pm ET net asset value (NAV). Market price returns reflect the share price as of the close of trading on the exchange where Fund shares are listed. Beginning on May 31, 2016, the price used to calculate the market price returns is the mean between the day’s last bid and ask prices. Prior to May 31, 2016, market price returns were calculated using the day’s closing price on the fund’s primary exchange. The market price returns do not represent returns an investor would receive if shares were traded at other times.
The Fund is not suitable for all investors. Investors in the Fund should be willing to accept a high degree of volatility in the price of the Fund’s Shares and the possibility of significant losses. An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and the Fund does not represent a complete investment program. The stocks of small capitalization companies generally are more volatile than those of larger companies. The Fund is non-diversified and is susceptible to greater losses if a single portfolio investment declines than would a diversified fund.
The IQ Australia Small Cap Index is the exclusive property of IndexIQ which has contracted with Structured Solutions to maintain and calculate the Index.
IndexIQ shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Total Returns are calculated using the daily 4:00 ET pm net asset value (NAV). Market price returns reflect the share price as of the close of trading on the exchange where Fund shares are listed. Market price returns do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times.




Holdings  


Holdings   




Top Holdings


Weight




 All Holdings »
 Creation Units Outstanding »

*Holdings are subject to change without notice.




 

IndexIQ Insights
sign up now

 





Literature

Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Annual Report



ETF Facts
Ticker:  
IOPV Symbol:  1
Related Index/Symbol:
 
CUSIP:  
Inception Date:
 









Fees & Expenses
Expense Ratio: 2
Acquired Fund Fees & Other Expenses: 2
Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses: 2








IndexIQ Insights
sign up now





















ETFS »

Absolute Return
Fixed Income
Global/
International
Real Assets
U.S. Equity


INDEXES »

Absolute Return
Global/
International
Real Assets



INSTITUTIONAL »

Philosophy
Benefits
Process
Model Portfolios




SOLUTIONS »

Building a Smarter Core
with ETFs
Preparing for Rising
Interest Rates
Managing Equity
Volatility
Managing Foreign
Currency Exposure
Positioning for
Commodity/Oil
Rebound



RESOURCES »

Article Reprints
Blog Posts
Brochures
Distributions
Education
Fact Sheets
Methodology - Indexes
Monthly Insights
Product Information
Product Snapshot
Prospectuses &
Regulatory Reports
Videos
White Papers



EDUCATION »

What is an ETF?
Creating a Diversified
Portfolio
Types of ETFs
What Do ETFs Provide?
ETFs vs. Mutual Funds
What is an Authorized
Participant?
ETFs: Lower Expenses and
Tax Consequences



ABOUT »

The IndexIQ
Advantage
Management
Press
Contact Us











Connect With Us

 
 
 
 
 





Get Help
Get Help

Contact Us




Document eDelivery
   go paperless


IndexIQ Insights
sign up now


Connect With Us

 
 
 
 
 











Privacy Policy

Terms of Use



© 2017 New York Life Investment Management LLC. All rights reserved.







Consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus and the statement of additional information include this and other relevant information about the Funds and are available by visiting IQetfs.com or calling 888-934-0777. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
About risk
There are risks involved with investing in any such products, including the possible loss of principal. Investors in the Funds should be willing to accept a high degree of volatility and the possibility of significant losses.
Alternative investments are speculative, entail substantial risk and are not suitable for all clients. Alternative investments are intended for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the high economic risks of the investment. Investments in absolute-return strategies are not intended to outperform stocks and bonds during strong market rallies. Hedge funds and hedge fund of funds can be highly volatile, carry substantial fees, and involve complex tax structures. Investments in these types of funds involve a high degree of risk, including loss of entire capital. Investments in derivatives often involve leverage, which may increase the volatility of the investment and may result in a loss.
As with all investments, there are certain risks of investing in the Fund. The Fund’s Shares will change in value and you could lose money by investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund does not represent a complete investment program.
MainStay Investments® is a registered service mark and name under which New York Life Investment Management LLC does business. MainStay Investments, an indirect subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10010, provides investment advisory products and services. IndexIQ® is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC. ALPS Distributors, Inc. (ALPS) is the principal underwriter of the ETFs. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a distributor of the ETFs and the principal underwriter of the IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Plus Fund. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is located at 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302. ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with NYLIFE Distributors LLC. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a Member FINRA/SIPC.


 




































