










 




	INDEPENDENCE ENERGY Trademark of INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC. Serial Number: 85244073 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
INDEPENDENCE ENERGY










 
Get FREE email alerts













INDEPENDENCE ENERGY  Trademark Information
 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC
Retail electricity provider services, namely, providing a service that allows customers to purchase energy, namely, electricity, gas and renewable energy; consulting and analysis services, namely, reviewing energy needs, uses and costs, and providing advice and recommendations regarding energy options, solutions to problems and cost objectives; price analysis of energy sources; customer services in the field of energy services; energy price co...




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
retail   electricity   provider   services         providing   service   allows   customers   purchase   energy         electricity      gas   renewable   energy   consulting   analysis   services         reviewing   energy    
                                    




This is a brand page for the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark by INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC 
                                in PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19104.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC of the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, February 16, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        INDEPENDENCE ENERGY by 
                        INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC, PHILADELPHIA, PA  19104.
                        The USPTO has given the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY 
                        trademark serial  number of  85244073.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for INDEPENDENCE ENERGY is 
                        
                        
                                            Alicia Morris Groos of 
                                            Fulbright & Jaworski LLP,  98 San Jacinto Boulevard, Suite 1100, Austin TX 78701 
                                .
                            The INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for INDEPENDENCE ENERGY 
                            is Retail electricity provider services, namely, providing a service that allows customers to purchase energy, namely, electricity, gas and renewable energy; consulting and analysis services, namely, reviewing energy needs, uses and costs, and providing advice and recommendations regarding energy options, solutions to problems and cost objectives; price analysis of energy sources; customer services in the field of energy services; energy price comparison services; providing information and advice to commercial and industrial users of electrical power, relating to the users' selection of electrical power providers and programs; energy consulting services for residential, commercial and business users in the areas of energy management; arranging and conducting incentive reward programs to promote the sale of electricity, gas and renewable energy. 
                            





Word mark:
 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/11/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: September 11, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85244073


  Filing Date:  
2/16/2011


 Registration Number:  
4206897 


 Registration Date:  
9/11/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Retail electricity provider services, namely, providing a service that allows customers to purchase energy, namely, electricity, gas and renewable energy; consulting and analysis services, namely, reviewing energy needs, uses and costs, and providing advice and recommendations regarding energy options, solutions to problems and cost objectives; price analysis of energy sources; customer services in the field of energy services; energy price comparison services; providing information and advice to commercial and industrial users of electrical power, relating to the users' selection of electrical power providers and programs; energy consulting services for residential, commercial and business users in the areas of energy management; arranging and conducting incentive reward programs to promote the sale of electricity, gas and renewable energy


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/10/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLCPHILADELPHIA, PA  19104
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ENERGY")


 Correspondent:


Alicia Morris Groos
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP
98 San Jacinto Boulevard, Suite 1100
Austin TX 78701






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/11/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Alicia Morris Groos


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of INDEPENDENCE ENERGY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search independenceenergy on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for INDEPENDENCE ENERGY 




INDEPENDENCE ENERGY is providing Retail electricity provider services, namely, providing a service that allows customers to purchase energy, namely, electricity, gas and renewable energy; consulting and analysis services, namely, reviewing energy needs, uses and costs, and providing advice and recommendations regarding energy options, solutions to problems and cost objectives; price analysis of energy sources; customer services in the field of energy services; energy price comparison services; providing information and advic....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












                  Ripoff Report | independence energy alliance Complaint Review philadelhia, Pennsylvania                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.   Get Started       Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Services > Utility Companies > Independence Energy Alliance > Independence Energy Alliance Adagio Energy, A Hidden Fee Is Theft By Deception Philadelhia, Pennsylvania       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #826296     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: independence energy alliance      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Sat, January 21, 2012   Updated:  Sat, November 10, 2012    Reported By:
									    numberonesuspects —
	                                    neptune New Jersey
	                                    United States of America									         independence energy alliance  3711 market street, philadelhia pa 
				    							philadelhia, Pennsylvania								      		 United States of America     Phone: 2672985312 Web: energy plus holdings  Category: Utility Companies            independence energy alliance adagio energy,  A Hidden Fee Is Theft By Deception philadelhia, Pennsylvania *Consumer Comment: Who is the ripoff? *UPDATE Employee: Consumer Misunderstanding Between Energy Supply and Energy Deliver *General Comment: Questions regarding this complaint   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 3Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!    
										Energy Plus Holdings is large independent energy company that was established in 2007 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The company offers electric power supply through natural gas services and Energy Plus Holdings LLC. Energy Plus provides its services in Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and much more. Energy Plus provides different options to consumers which search for non-polluting variants which reduce influence of traditional energy sources. The company also offers its customers special discounts on a number of products. Energy Plus is licensed by a number of authorities throughout several states of the country, including the Public Utility Commission of Texas, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, the New York Public Service Commission, and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities.  Independence Energy Alliance is a subsidiary of Energy Plus. It costs $369 for their website, plus a $21 monthly service charge. An associate, emphasis is on encouraging others to become asssociates while inviting consumers to make the switch to green energy, for "free". They offer consumers an opportunity to save money on their energy bill, a 5% annual rebate (representing a percentage of that calender year's energy bill), surge protection, unemployment insurance and payment of that month's energy bill if service is interrupted. Associates earn commissions on all active consumer accounts, plus bonuses and residuals. They also promote the "best" compensation package in the MLM business. However, theirs is identical to 5Linx. I was brought in by Linda Doucette, whos father paid for my website, on the condition that I bring a certain number of customers in a specific period of time. I told Linda I was skeptical for one reason: The free termination option did not protect me from a higher electric bill. Nothing prevented my energy bill from increasing, then i can terminate, but I still owe for a higher bill. She stated, "No, that would be fraud."  So, I agreed to join in. I even attended their October 25, 2010 seminar in Hoboken. I remember the date because its the same day i passed the driver's test and got my driver's license. I switched my energy just to be sure. I was not going to sell or promote a fruadulent contract. I approached churches, business, organizations (PBA, PTA, etc), and apartment complex building managers. The goal is toget associates under you who bring accounts. Hence, it made sense to attract people in positions of trust who had acces to more than hundreds of people at once. I served 19 years in orison and its hard to find gainful employment. becoming an IEA associate sounded like an attractive deal. I could run my business via. email and be a stay at home dad and care for my son. My first energy bill was more than $30 higher. The IEA energy rate was higher than my usual JCP&L rate. I called JCP&L and told them to terminate the green energy supplier. Then I called IEA and told them I no longer wanted to be an associate. The woman explained to me they (IEA) does not promote a lesser energy bill - I went to my website and read to them the information they gave me to promote.  Nothing with the information they provide informs the consumer they must pay the service charge. They only stated that green energy will by provided through "your current energy provider." generally, JCP&L charges a $30 service/delivery fee. She stated "That's why we give 5% cash back, to cover the service charge." The service charge is $360 a year, plus what i owe to IEA for the green energy. No matter how theytry to explain it away, the energy bill increases by the service charge and the higher IEA energy rate. She even had the audacity to tell me "Your bill was only $3 higher this month.  Now termination is free but it takes a month. My second energy bill was more than $40 higher - after termination.  MLM business train you to start with the "warm" market - family and friends. I would not have agreed to switch but that Linda Doucette told me it would be a crime for this to occur. I'm an ex-offendrr and do not have a steady, reliable income, i just had a son,. It made sense to lower already surmouting bills. My mother in law trusted me after i told her what I was told. She knew why I didnt want to do it in the first place. I told all the organizations and people I contacted that I will do my energy bill first and let them see the savings themselves. My first associate would have been a manager of a 75 unit apartment building, a senior's complex, people who love to brag about how frugal they are.  And its nothing but a scam. I told IEA they are not getting paid. The law cannot be expected to enforce a deceptive contract. You cannot deceive people about whats really entailed and seek to bail yourself out with fine print. Fineprint only means you knew I was going to find out how you robbed me, and nothing else. I have emailed Linda Doucette - who hasnt contacted me since i told her about my higher electric bill. She lied to me. i didnt lose anything as her dad paid for the site. But if this was not a scam, it would have been a good source of income.  									    This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 01/21/2012 12:04 PM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/independence-energy-alliance/philadelhia-pennsylvania-/independence-energy-alliance-adagio-energy-a-hidden-fee-is-theft-by-deception-philadelhi-826296.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on independence energy alliance									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									     
										REBUTTALS & REPLIES:

										 0Author 3Consumer 0Employee/Owner    Updates & Rebuttals     #1 Consumer Comment  Who is the ripoff? AUTHOR: Dave -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Saturday, November 10, 2012 POSTED: Saturday, November 10, 2012  
														It sounds like the real ripoff was the base company for your area JCP&L. With deregulation and open competition it sound like their strategy is to apply this rediculus "service fee" to discourage cutomers from leaving. That is not going to last long before the government steps in and tells them to stop that practice, if they don't get sued first. Independence alliance or any other competitive company cannot control what the current electric company a consumer is with, charges for servicing outside electric providers. This type of action shuts down the whole intent of deregulation. Rather than be the pawn of JCP&L and put something like this out there you would have been better served filing a complaint with some kind of consumer protection agency to stop this practice by JCP&L.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #2 UPDATE Employee  Consumer Misunderstanding Between Energy Supply and Energy Deliver AUTHOR: IEACommunications -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Monday, March 19, 2012 POSTED: Monday, March 19, 2012  
														This post is the result of a misunderstanding by the consumer on the difference between energy supply and energy delivery.  Independence Energy tried to work with this consumer to educate him on his areas of concern.  When a customer decides to switch from the utility to a retail energy supplier, the supplier of the energy will change, however, the delivery method will remain the same.  In this instance, although the customers source of energy switched to Independence Energy, the delivery was still through the local utility (JCP&L). 
As this relates to billing, retail energy suppliers like Independence Energy  only charge for the supply of the energy- not the delivery.  Interestingly, at the time of the above post, Independence Energys rate per kilowatt hour was $.10925 versus JCP&Ls price to compare of $.11913.  Independence Energy does NOT, however, propose to always offer the lowest rate at all times.  The Independence Energy rate is variable and therefore subject to change.  We do aspire to price lower than the utility, but this is not a guarantee.This fact is explained to the customer at the time of their energy provider switch and is also included in the contractual agreement.  
The only way to compare the cost of energy is to look at the rate per kilowatt hour.  To only look at the bill from one month to the next is quite deceiving as the electricity usage will vary. One cannot simply have a lower/higher bill from one month to the next and assume that they are paying less/more for their energy.  This is especially true for the author of this post.  In looking at this customers electric usage both before and during his time with Independence Energy, it is apparent that his varied greatly.      
The $30 delivery charge that the author of this post is concerned with was not a charge from Independence Energy.  Furthermore, his switch to an independent energy source in no way brought about this $30 delivery charge.  This charge came from his local utility (JCP&L) and would have been charged regardless of the customer exercising their choice to go with a retail energy supplier .   
We do, as addressed in this post, offer 5% and 10% cash back on electric usage every year to our customers.  This is NOT to cover any kind of charge on the consumers end and the author of this post was never told that by marketing materials or employees of Independence Energy.  This is simply an added benefit that we like to give our customers for choosing Independence Energy as their energy source.  Our customers receive 5% cash back when they choose our Green Plus product with 20% renewable energy (exceeding state minimum renewable requirements) and 10% cash back when they go completely green with our True Green 100% renewable product.  Additional benefits that we offer our customers are Unemployment Protection and Free Surge Protection.   
A power surge is a sudden increase in power and can occur at any moment, for a number of reasons. A power surge can severely damage home appliances and electronics. We guarantee up to $1000 in surge protection for all products that might be damaged in a power surge. Independence Energy customers are protected in the event of involuntary job loss. Independence Energys Unemployment Protection provides payment of all Independence Energy charges on the energy bill up to $300 per month for up to three months.  
At Independence Energy we find that our customers are very happy and generally do not experience these kinds of situations.  We apologize for any misunderstanding that this customer experienced.  We pride ourselves on being an honest, open, and ethical company.  There are no hidden fees. Independence Energy is proud to offer consumers in NJ, PA, NY, IL, CT, and TX the power to choose affordable, renewable energy options to fit their financial and environmental needs. We encourage anyone reading this post to seek out the facts and learn more at www.chooseindependence.com     Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #3 General Comment  Questions regarding this complaint AUTHOR: jdomp23 -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Sunday, January 29, 2012 POSTED: Sunday, January 29, 2012  
														My name is Joe P and I am very interested in joining Independence Energy Alliance.  I read your article and have some questions of my own before I venture down this road:
1- Who charged the $30 fee you mentioned?  And if charged by your local utility wouldn't that be illegal on their part?
2- Was the rate IE was charging less than the rate your local provider was charging?
3- Were you maybe on a budget plan with your local provider so your monthly bill was steady all year and through IE you were on a normal usage plan (so other months could have been much cheaper)
4- Would you be willing to email me a copy of your 2 bills and 2 previous so I could make a compairson? 
I have been to 4 meetings + numerous conference calls and read the entire rules/regulations booklet.  I even took it to a lawyer to double check the legality.  The company seems legit.  The payplan is great and obviously the Product sells itself.  However if customers aren't saving money (or at least paying the same price with the added benefits) I would agree with your article.  Thats why I'd like to do a little research if this is just an isolated event or if something else went into the bill discrepancy.  Thank you in advance for any additional information you could provide. 													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?      
											Report & Rebuttal
										  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
												No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
											                                                                     Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Quasar Energy Group, LLC                                                                                                 - Independence                                      , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Independence



Combination Utilities, Nec



Combination Utilities, Nec



                            Quasar Energy Group, LLC
                                    



 





























Quasar Energy Group, LLC                                                                                                



5755 GRANGER RD STE 320 INDEPENDENCE, OH 44131
Get Directions



(216) 986-9999
www.quasarenergygroup.com                                                                               






Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated OH
 Annual Revenue $10,296,486.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Combination Utilities, Nec
 Contacts Steven Smith                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


quasar energy group is recycling energy in North America from organic wastes. Based in Cleveland, Ohio,quasar is a full service waste-to-energy company with a superior laboratory and engineering facility at The Ohio State University's Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center (OARDC) campus located in Wooster, Ohio. quasar designs, builds, owns and operates anaerobic digestion facilities using U.S. components to produce renewable energy.

quasar technology solves waste management issues facing agricultural farmers, industrial food companies, municipal treatment plants and ethanol producers. Our complete mix, high solids anaerobic digestion technology is proven, reliable and advanced. quasar's engineering and construction services can provide turn-key solutions to any economic or environmental waste challenge while generating sustainable, renewable resources. 

quasar creates a system that recycles energy from waste that would usually be incinerated or hauled to landfills. Instead, our process generates EQ biosolids. Resulting biogas becomes reusable energy while remaining liquid and resulting solids can be used for fertilizer and organic soil amendments. We provide alternatives to disposal through beneficial use.









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    11 - 14 - 2016
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        













VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 Free email alerts: Get new jobs by email
We will send you new job offers for your search as soon as they become available. Just fill out the fields for job position, location and your email address and click on „Activate“. You can cancel email alerts at any time. Your email address is safe with us. We only use your email address for job alerts and do not sell it to third parties.


what?



where?



E-Mail















Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH















 







Bank v. Independence Energy Group LLC et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










March 19, 2012
Bank v. Independence Energy Group LLC et al



Track this case


Case Number:
1:12-cv-01369
Court:
New York Eastern
Nature of Suit:
Other Statutory Actions
Multi Party Litigation:
Class Action
Judge:
John Gleeson
Firms

Duane Morris
Lowenstein Sandler
Sedgwick LLP








View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Coverage


October  3, 2014
Energy Co. Loses Bid To Toss NY Atty’s TCPA Suit
A New York federal judge on Thursday refused to throw out a proposed class action claiming Independence Energy Group LLC called an attorney’s telephone number without permission to advertise electrical services, saying it is unclear whether the number is considered residential under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.


							2 other articles on this case. View all »



Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In


















Warning: include(/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102

Warning: include(): Failed opening '/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102









Products – GURU Organic Energy


























 











Search

Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


Shopping cart
close








FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ORDERS ABOVE $25



Cart
Checkout
My Account
 








Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


 








close





Search







Cart (o)

0
/
$0.00



















Showing 1–12 of 14 results

Filters




Sort by


Default


Popularity


Average rating


Newness


Price: low to high


Price: high to low


Sort by Sales Rank



 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink 12 oz (12-pack) – Low Calorie USDA Organic Vegan Energy Boost



$32.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$48.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$52.12

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12), Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash



$32.99 $31.58

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99 $9.96

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, 12-Ounce, Variety Pack (12 count)



$30.18

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (24 count)



$52.34

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Pomegranate, 12-Ounce (24 Count)



$52.89

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Sparkling Water with Green Tea Infusion, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Natural Energy Drink, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12)



$32.01 $32.00

Add to cart 






















 Scroll To Top
















DON'T MISS OUT!
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Be the first to learn about the latest news and get exclusive offers.
 
Email address: 



entry_postcode







 




We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. 

Accept




