

















 































Faulkner: Natural gas can lead U.S. to energy independence - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/opinion/outlook/article/Faulkner-Natural-gas-can-lead-U-S-to-energy-4983987.php



Faulkner: Natural gas can lead U.S. to energy independence
New technology will continue to boost our production capacity


By Chris Faulkner


        Updated 7:12 pm, Thursday, November 14, 2013
    



































































The Environmental Protection Agency's new carbon emissions standards have caused an uproar in the coal industry.
These rules limit the amount of carbon new coal-fired power plants can produce.
Industry-friendly lawmakers have been quick to voice their outrage. Congressmen John Shimkus and Rodney Davis say they "will kill the future of coal."
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell called them a "war on coal."
But the real threat to coal's dominance isn't excessive federal regulation. It's natural gas. And Texas is playing a major role in the national gas renaissance.
With natural gas, the United States has found an expansive homegrown energy source that's cleaner than coal and increasingly cost-effective.


The modern natural gas boom has given the United States a chance to achieve genuine energy independence and seriously cut down on carbon emissions.
Texas is the leading producer of natural gas in the United States, accounting for 28 percent of total national production.
And here in Houston, the growing supply of low-cost gas has fueled massive economic gains.
Dow Chemical just announced a billion-dollar expansion plan expected to create thousands of new positions. And the Port of Houston has benefited from $80 billion in new regional investments in the petrochemical industry.
Meanwhile, those looking to protect coal from new EPA regulations are defending an energy source that is already falling into disfavor in the United States and other developed nations.
Currently, coal helps provide 37 percent of the electricity produced in the United States. Historically, it has always been the lowest-cost fuel option for power plants.
But burning coal has long presented serious public health and environmental concerns - from the first recognition of the dangers of soot, toxic ash and sulfur emissions during the heyday of the coal industry in Britain in the 19th century, to the sulfurous Great Smog that killed thousands of Londoners in 1952, to the environmental devastation wrought by acid rain and mercury emissions first identified in the 1970s.
At the same time, coal-fired power plants are the single biggest source of CO2 emissions in the United States.
Fortunately, we don't have to continue treating coal as a necessary evil.
Thanks to the recent surge in domestic natural gas production, policymakers now have a historic opportunity to end America's dependence on coal once and for all.
Over the last decade, energy entrepreneurs have made major advances in two well-established resource development technologies - horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking."
These techniques have enabled a surge in domestic natural gas production, particularly in underground shale formations that had previously been too difficult to develop. Between 2008 and 2012 alone, American gas production jumped 600 percent.
The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation predicts natural gas production will continue to climb for the next three decades.
In August, the Energy Information Administration announced that in 2011 the United States registered the single largest yearly increase in proved natural gas reserves in over thirty years.
This expansion in supply has precipitated a drop in price. Between 2003 and 2008, the per unit cost dropped an astonishing 61 percent.
And from an environmental standpoint, natural gas is clearly superior to coal.
As the EPA has noted, "compared to the average air emissions from coal-fired generation, natural gas produces half as much carbon dioxide, less than a third as much nitrogen oxides, and one percent as much sulfur oxides as the power plant."
Given its economic and environmental advantages, natural gas has already seriously undercut coal as the go-to source for electricity generation.
A new study from Duke University found that the abundance of cheap gas has rendered nine percent of the nation's coal plants uneconomic.
If the EPA follows through on these stricter emissions rules, natural gas plants are expected to out-compete about 56 percent of all coal plants.
And the abundance of cheap gas has enabled the United States to emerge as a global leader in energy production - something that was unthinkable just a few years ago.
The United States soon will surpass Russia as the world's leading oil and gas producer.
This development marks the beginning of a new era in global energy politics, one in which the United States will no longer be dependent on Middle Eastern oil.
The EPA's new coal regulations merely codify what should already be obvious.
Now that natural gas is abundant, the economic, environmental and political case for coal-based energy has gone up in smoke.
Chris Faulkner is president and chief executive officer of Breitling Oil and Gas.
 
















 




























 




Most Read






1

'This is not a game, nephew': Pile of bodies discovered...



2

Jury sees video of defendant stumbling at strip club before...



3

Astros' Jeff Bagwell deal among baseball's all-time most...



4

Trump targets MS-13, "worst of the worst" says Houston top cop...



5

Gulf Cartel member's hand blown off in gun fight with military...



6

Astros place George Springer on disabled list



7

McDonald's employee fired after he shares disgusting photos of...



8

Astros' Jose Altuve posts sweet picture of his family on...



9

Willemsen trial testimony: Ritz strip club violated its own...



10

Remains of 24 US servicemen recovered from WWII battlefield






 




 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 
















 






Congratulations, America. You're (Almost) Energy Independent. - POLITICO Magazine













































  POLITICO Magazine









Search



Close








                                    The Friday Cover
The Friday Cover is POLITICO Magazine's email of the week's best, delivered to your inbox every Friday morning.














Email



                                            Sign Up


By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.







































                Tristan Spinski





The Great American BOOM

Congratulations, America. You're (Almost) Energy Independent.


                        Now what?













Facebook





Twitter





Google +







Email





Comment


 

Print











For four decades, whenever the American political debate turned to energy, the discussion was all about shortage and scarcity, a reality that haunted the United States ever since the global oil crises of the 1970s. 
 That conversation is over. Story Continued Below






 And now the unconventional energy revolution—newly accessible supplies of shale gas and oil—is creating a new discourse on energy that is changing politics and policies. All of this represents what Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz calls a “new mentality” about America’s energy position, with a new political language to match. 
 Exactly 40 years ago, in November 1973, President Richard Nixon went on television to promise the American people energy “ independence” within 10 years. Just three weeks earlier, on Oct. 17, 1973, Arab petroleum exporters had instituted an oil embargo to punish the West and, in particular, the United States, for its support of Israel during the Yom Kippur War. 
 Americans were shocked by the embargo—and by the quadrupling of oil prices that followed. Six years later, the Iranian Revolution toppled the shah, one of America’s closest allies in the Middle East, further disrupting the global oil supply. All this was completely at odds with the pervasive American assumption of abundance that had been shaped by decades and decades of ample supply. As late as World War II, six out of every seven barrels of oil used by the Allies had been exported from the continental United States. In 1973, most Americans did not even know that the United States imported any oil. Given that, many assumed that the price increases caused by the embargo had to be the result of manipulation. It was just hard to accept that global markets could become so vulnerable to disruptions that could send prices spiraling up. 
 The shortage theory certainly seemed to be borne out by what happened in the decades after 1973. When Nixon made his energy independence speech, the United States was importing 35 percent of its oil. By 2005, it was importing 60 percent. Over the same period, U.S. oil production fell by more than a third. Natural gas output also declined. By 2005, it looked as though the United States was going to become a huge importer not only of oil but also of natural gas in the form of more costly liquefied natural gas (LNG). Nixon’s promise of energy independence became a standard pledge of every succeeding president, but with imports rising, it seemed an ever more distant hope—indeed, even fodder for late-night comedians—not the stuff of political reality. 
 Then came shale gas and tight oil. Although the technological breakthroughs enabling this production boom occurred from 1998 to 2003, the results did not show up in the numbers until 2008. But it’s now clear that a revolution has occurred: U.S. crude oil production is up 50 percent since 2008. Thanks to that increase, as well as more efficient automobiles, petroleum imports have fallen from their high of 60 percent in 2005 to 35 percent today—exactly what they were in 1973! And as domestic production increases and gasoline mileage improves, imports will continue to go down. North Dakota, the center of the now-famous Bakken Formation shale, has overtaken Alaska and California to become the second-largest oil-producing state in the country, outpaced only by Texas. U.S. natural gas production has increased by nearly a third since 2005, and shale gas has gone from 2 percent of output in 2000 to 44 percent today. 





Open In New Window


 OPTICS: See Tristan Spinski's aerial photos of North Dakota's fracking boom from above. 




 Now, “energy independence” is back in vogue, not as a joke but as a serious topic of political discussion. It’s not likely that the United States will actually become energy independent in the foreseeable future, but it will certainly become energy a-lot-less-dependent. 
 The surge in production and the fall in imports would in themselves call for recasting the political discourse. But the economic impact of this revolution is broader even than those numbers suggest. A recent study by IHS, the energy consulting firm where I work, estimates that 2.1 million jobs were supported by this energy boom in 2012, and we project that to rise to 3.3 million jobs by 2020. It meant an additional $74 billion in federal and state revenues in 2012, and, owing to lower energy costs, an increase of $1,200 in average household disposable income across the United States. With U.S. natural gas prices a third of those in Europe, it is also making the United States a much more competitive place for industry, helping to power what President Obama has called a “renaissance in American manufacturing”—many tens of billions of dollars of new investment going into manufacturing facilities. And the increase in domestic oil production has reduced the annual U.S. trade deficit, at current prices, by about $85 billion. 




 Once Upon a Time in North Dakota
How oil is scrambling politics in the Roughrider State.




The Wild, Wild North Cities and towns in North Dakota’s northwestern “oil patch” are working to keep order among the tens of thousands of young men who have flocked there for jobs. Since 2008, the city of Williston, for instance, has passed ordinances requiring liquor license holders to be “legal and bona fide” North Dakota residents, banning the sale of alcohol after 1 a.m., prohibiting RVs in residential areas and limiting “adult cabaret and sexually oriented businesses” to the town’s heavy industrial district.
Sharing the Spoils In 2013, North Dakota lawmakers used their entire 80-day legislative session for the first time ever, to decide how to spend the state’s $1.3 billion surplus. Majority Republicans—even those from the oil-rich northwest—called for fiscal restraint, while Democrats pushed to give more money to local governments for roads, hospitals and other services under strain from population growth. The legislature passed a record $13.7 billion two-year budget—30 percent higher than the last one—including $1.14 billion “to address the needs associated with the rapid economic expansion related to the oil boom” in western North Dakota.
Red State Rising Thanks to an influx of job-seekers that has bumped up the state’s population to 700,000, North Dakota—the only state without voter registration—had nearly 30,000 additional eligible voters in the 2012 election. Voter turnout was up by only 4,500 from 2008, but all 53 counties voted more Republican in the presidential contest, with a slightly larger shift toward the GOP among the nine counties at the heart of the Bakken Formation (already the most conservative part of the state). Still, North Dakotans also elected moderate Democrat Heidi Heitkamp to the U.S. Senate, albeit by just 1 percentage point.
Margaret Slattery is associate editor at Politico Magazine.
Thanks to Dana Harsell and Aaron Ley of the University of North Dakota, Rob Port of SayAnythingBlog and state Sen. Mac Schneider. Photo of truckers breaking for food in New Town, N.D. by Alec Soth/Magnum.




 These economic opportunities have captured the attention of such governors as Republican John Kasich of Ohio and Democrat John Hickenlooper of Colorado. In addition to promising sound state regulation of drilling, they have emphasized what this means in terms of jobs, industrial development, revenues both for the state and for farmers struggling to hang on to their land, and revitalization of decaying rural areas that are losing the next generation. As Kasich put it, development of the state’s Utica Shale will help parents get their grown children “out of their attic and actually get a job.” It’s been a long time since anyone in American politics—at least outside of places like Texas and Oklahoma—talked about oil and gas in terms of jobs here at home. 
 Then there is the geopolitical impact. The increase in U.S. oil production since just 2008 is greater than the entire output of Nigeria, one of the major OPEC producers, and more than Iran’s entire exports prior to the sanctions that have sliced its export level roughly in half since 2011. Indeed, without the increase in U.S. oil production, it’s very hard to see how the oil sanctions on Iran could have worked. 
 Obama’s own words are another way to measure the stark change in the politics of energy that has occurred on his watch. In his first two State of the Union addresses, the president mentioned the words “natural gas” just once. But in his 2012 address, he talked about the need for an “all-of-the-above” energy strategy and gave more time to oil and gas than to the promise of developing alternative sources like wind and solar. He has frequently cited the job creation resulting from shale. In a major climate speech this past June, he declared, “We should strengthen our position as the top natural gas producer because, in the medium term at least, it not only can provide safe, cheap power, but it can also help reduce our carbon emissions.” 




 The Great American Boom
A Politico Magazine special report


 Washington might look like a disaster zone, but luckily the world is not waiting for America’s political system to reboot: In many ways, the United States is enjoying an unlikely boom. Our special report spotlights several of these techno-charged transformations and their surprising political consequences, from reviving cities (and busting suburbs) to a new age of digital haves (and have-nots) and the return of the United States as the world’s top oil and gas producer for the first time in years. It’s a time to expect the unexpected. 




 Perhaps the most striking example of how Obama’s language has changed came last year in his debate with Republican challenger Mitt Romney, when he said something that certainly would not have been heard in a debate in 2008: “On energy, Governor Romney and I, we both agree that we’ve got to boost American energy production, and oil and natural gas production are higher than they’ve been in years.” 
 Of course, not everybody agrees. There was previously support in the environmental community for natural gas as a lower-carbon alternative to coal. Now, as natural gas supplies are growing, the environmental movement is split. Some continue to support the growth in shale gas, properly regulated, as a way to push coal out of electric generation. They point to the increased use of gas as one of the most important reasons for the dramatic decline in U.S. carbon emissions—back to the level of 1995—despite the U.S. economy growing by more than 50 percent in the years since. 
 Other environmentalists are mobilized in opposition to hydraulic fracturing—better known as “fracking,” a word few would have even known a decade ago but which is now part of the political vocabulary. They worry about the possibility of local pollution related to extracting the shale gas and about the growing abundance of a low-cost, low-carbon fossil fuel that competes with higher-cost wind and solar power. They also want to take the regulation of drilling out of the hands of the states, which have controlled it for more than a century, and move it under the purview of the Environmental Protection Agency, which they believe would be much more restrictive. 





 READ MORE










The Great American BOOM
 5 Ways the Fracking Boom Changes Politics


By HAL HARVEY















The Great American BOOM
 Chu Unplugged


By BLAKE HOUNSHELL


 









The Great American BOOM
 Last One Standing


By IAN BREMMER


 

 But even as we’re still arguing over fracking and the environmental impact of natural gas, the debate about imports—the one that consumed us for decades and decades—is largely over. Today, we are arguing about exports. The natural gas market in the United States is oversupplied and in surplus. It is now constrained by lack of demand, not lack of supply. One new market is exports. Facilities that were started half a decade or more ago to receive LNG from abroad are now being reconfigured to export it, setting off what has been a fierce debate over whether the United States should become a major natural gas exporter for the first time. 
 The next debate will be on an even more sensitive subject: whether the United States should export crude oil. With a few minor exceptions, crude oil exports are prohibited, a relic of 1970s oil crisis-era legislation. Yet the rapid growth in domestic production, along with differences in the quality of various grades of oil and differences in refining capacity, suggests that in some instances it would make much more economic sense to export crude oil from some ports and import it at others. 
 Over most of the past 40 years, the idea that the United States could even be talking about such an issue would have seemed improbable, even ridiculous. But that will very likely be part of the political debate in 2014, and a hot part—a clear demonstration of just how much the way America talks and thinks about energy is changing. What would Richard Nixon say now? 
 Daniel Yergin  is vice chairman of the global information company IHS and author of  The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World . 

 Share on Facebook
 Share on Twitter




This story tagged under:


Oil

Natural Gas

Energy

The Great American BOOM

November 2013





Show Comments





More from POLITICO Magazine










Politics
McConnell's Strange Achievement













Swamp Diary
Week 10: Donald Trump, Lion King













The POLITICO Mag Profile
Charlie Dent’s War 

















The Friday Cover










Read more 
                                        























































More on Magazine







POLITICO Magazine Links












 © 2017 POLITICO LLC


Terms of Service

Privacy Policy









                  Ripoff Report | independence energy alliance Complaint Review philadelhia, Pennsylvania                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.   Get Started       Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Services > Utility Companies > Independence Energy Alliance > Independence Energy Alliance Adagio Energy, A Hidden Fee Is Theft By Deception Philadelhia, Pennsylvania       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #826296     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: independence energy alliance      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Sat, January 21, 2012   Updated:  Sat, November 10, 2012    Reported By:
									    numberonesuspects —
	                                    neptune New Jersey
	                                    United States of America									         independence energy alliance  3711 market street, philadelhia pa 
				    							philadelhia, Pennsylvania								      		 United States of America     Phone: 2672985312 Web: energy plus holdings  Category: Utility Companies            independence energy alliance adagio energy,  A Hidden Fee Is Theft By Deception philadelhia, Pennsylvania *Consumer Comment: Who is the ripoff? *UPDATE Employee: Consumer Misunderstanding Between Energy Supply and Energy Deliver *General Comment: Questions regarding this complaint   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 3Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!    
										Energy Plus Holdings is large independent energy company that was established in 2007 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The company offers electric power supply through natural gas services and Energy Plus Holdings LLC. Energy Plus provides its services in Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and much more. Energy Plus provides different options to consumers which search for non-polluting variants which reduce influence of traditional energy sources. The company also offers its customers special discounts on a number of products. Energy Plus is licensed by a number of authorities throughout several states of the country, including the Public Utility Commission of Texas, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, the New York Public Service Commission, and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities.  Independence Energy Alliance is a subsidiary of Energy Plus. It costs $369 for their website, plus a $21 monthly service charge. An associate, emphasis is on encouraging others to become asssociates while inviting consumers to make the switch to green energy, for "free". They offer consumers an opportunity to save money on their energy bill, a 5% annual rebate (representing a percentage of that calender year's energy bill), surge protection, unemployment insurance and payment of that month's energy bill if service is interrupted. Associates earn commissions on all active consumer accounts, plus bonuses and residuals. They also promote the "best" compensation package in the MLM business. However, theirs is identical to 5Linx. I was brought in by Linda Doucette, whos father paid for my website, on the condition that I bring a certain number of customers in a specific period of time. I told Linda I was skeptical for one reason: The free termination option did not protect me from a higher electric bill. Nothing prevented my energy bill from increasing, then i can terminate, but I still owe for a higher bill. She stated, "No, that would be fraud."  So, I agreed to join in. I even attended their October 25, 2010 seminar in Hoboken. I remember the date because its the same day i passed the driver's test and got my driver's license. I switched my energy just to be sure. I was not going to sell or promote a fruadulent contract. I approached churches, business, organizations (PBA, PTA, etc), and apartment complex building managers. The goal is toget associates under you who bring accounts. Hence, it made sense to attract people in positions of trust who had acces to more than hundreds of people at once. I served 19 years in orison and its hard to find gainful employment. becoming an IEA associate sounded like an attractive deal. I could run my business via. email and be a stay at home dad and care for my son. My first energy bill was more than $30 higher. The IEA energy rate was higher than my usual JCP&L rate. I called JCP&L and told them to terminate the green energy supplier. Then I called IEA and told them I no longer wanted to be an associate. The woman explained to me they (IEA) does not promote a lesser energy bill - I went to my website and read to them the information they gave me to promote.  Nothing with the information they provide informs the consumer they must pay the service charge. They only stated that green energy will by provided through "your current energy provider." generally, JCP&L charges a $30 service/delivery fee. She stated "That's why we give 5% cash back, to cover the service charge." The service charge is $360 a year, plus what i owe to IEA for the green energy. No matter how theytry to explain it away, the energy bill increases by the service charge and the higher IEA energy rate. She even had the audacity to tell me "Your bill was only $3 higher this month.  Now termination is free but it takes a month. My second energy bill was more than $40 higher - after termination.  MLM business train you to start with the "warm" market - family and friends. I would not have agreed to switch but that Linda Doucette told me it would be a crime for this to occur. I'm an ex-offendrr and do not have a steady, reliable income, i just had a son,. It made sense to lower already surmouting bills. My mother in law trusted me after i told her what I was told. She knew why I didnt want to do it in the first place. I told all the organizations and people I contacted that I will do my energy bill first and let them see the savings themselves. My first associate would have been a manager of a 75 unit apartment building, a senior's complex, people who love to brag about how frugal they are.  And its nothing but a scam. I told IEA they are not getting paid. The law cannot be expected to enforce a deceptive contract. You cannot deceive people about whats really entailed and seek to bail yourself out with fine print. Fineprint only means you knew I was going to find out how you robbed me, and nothing else. I have emailed Linda Doucette - who hasnt contacted me since i told her about my higher electric bill. She lied to me. i didnt lose anything as her dad paid for the site. But if this was not a scam, it would have been a good source of income.  									    This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 01/21/2012 12:04 PM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/independence-energy-alliance/philadelhia-pennsylvania-/independence-energy-alliance-adagio-energy-a-hidden-fee-is-theft-by-deception-philadelhi-826296.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on independence energy alliance									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									     
										REBUTTALS & REPLIES:

										 0Author 3Consumer 0Employee/Owner    Updates & Rebuttals     #1 Consumer Comment  Who is the ripoff? AUTHOR: Dave -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Saturday, November 10, 2012 POSTED: Saturday, November 10, 2012  
														It sounds like the real ripoff was the base company for your area JCP&L. With deregulation and open competition it sound like their strategy is to apply this rediculus "service fee" to discourage cutomers from leaving. That is not going to last long before the government steps in and tells them to stop that practice, if they don't get sued first. Independence alliance or any other competitive company cannot control what the current electric company a consumer is with, charges for servicing outside electric providers. This type of action shuts down the whole intent of deregulation. Rather than be the pawn of JCP&L and put something like this out there you would have been better served filing a complaint with some kind of consumer protection agency to stop this practice by JCP&L.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #2 UPDATE Employee  Consumer Misunderstanding Between Energy Supply and Energy Deliver AUTHOR: IEACommunications -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Monday, March 19, 2012 POSTED: Monday, March 19, 2012  
														This post is the result of a misunderstanding by the consumer on the difference between energy supply and energy delivery.  Independence Energy tried to work with this consumer to educate him on his areas of concern.  When a customer decides to switch from the utility to a retail energy supplier, the supplier of the energy will change, however, the delivery method will remain the same.  In this instance, although the customers source of energy switched to Independence Energy, the delivery was still through the local utility (JCP&L). 
As this relates to billing, retail energy suppliers like Independence Energy  only charge for the supply of the energy- not the delivery.  Interestingly, at the time of the above post, Independence Energys rate per kilowatt hour was $.10925 versus JCP&Ls price to compare of $.11913.  Independence Energy does NOT, however, propose to always offer the lowest rate at all times.  The Independence Energy rate is variable and therefore subject to change.  We do aspire to price lower than the utility, but this is not a guarantee.This fact is explained to the customer at the time of their energy provider switch and is also included in the contractual agreement.  
The only way to compare the cost of energy is to look at the rate per kilowatt hour.  To only look at the bill from one month to the next is quite deceiving as the electricity usage will vary. One cannot simply have a lower/higher bill from one month to the next and assume that they are paying less/more for their energy.  This is especially true for the author of this post.  In looking at this customers electric usage both before and during his time with Independence Energy, it is apparent that his varied greatly.      
The $30 delivery charge that the author of this post is concerned with was not a charge from Independence Energy.  Furthermore, his switch to an independent energy source in no way brought about this $30 delivery charge.  This charge came from his local utility (JCP&L) and would have been charged regardless of the customer exercising their choice to go with a retail energy supplier .   
We do, as addressed in this post, offer 5% and 10% cash back on electric usage every year to our customers.  This is NOT to cover any kind of charge on the consumers end and the author of this post was never told that by marketing materials or employees of Independence Energy.  This is simply an added benefit that we like to give our customers for choosing Independence Energy as their energy source.  Our customers receive 5% cash back when they choose our Green Plus product with 20% renewable energy (exceeding state minimum renewable requirements) and 10% cash back when they go completely green with our True Green 100% renewable product.  Additional benefits that we offer our customers are Unemployment Protection and Free Surge Protection.   
A power surge is a sudden increase in power and can occur at any moment, for a number of reasons. A power surge can severely damage home appliances and electronics. We guarantee up to $1000 in surge protection for all products that might be damaged in a power surge. Independence Energy customers are protected in the event of involuntary job loss. Independence Energys Unemployment Protection provides payment of all Independence Energy charges on the energy bill up to $300 per month for up to three months.  
At Independence Energy we find that our customers are very happy and generally do not experience these kinds of situations.  We apologize for any misunderstanding that this customer experienced.  We pride ourselves on being an honest, open, and ethical company.  There are no hidden fees. Independence Energy is proud to offer consumers in NJ, PA, NY, IL, CT, and TX the power to choose affordable, renewable energy options to fit their financial and environmental needs. We encourage anyone reading this post to seek out the facts and learn more at www.chooseindependence.com     Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #3 General Comment  Questions regarding this complaint AUTHOR: jdomp23 -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Sunday, January 29, 2012 POSTED: Sunday, January 29, 2012  
														My name is Joe P and I am very interested in joining Independence Energy Alliance.  I read your article and have some questions of my own before I venture down this road:
1- Who charged the $30 fee you mentioned?  And if charged by your local utility wouldn't that be illegal on their part?
2- Was the rate IE was charging less than the rate your local provider was charging?
3- Were you maybe on a budget plan with your local provider so your monthly bill was steady all year and through IE you were on a normal usage plan (so other months could have been much cheaper)
4- Would you be willing to email me a copy of your 2 bills and 2 previous so I could make a compairson? 
I have been to 4 meetings + numerous conference calls and read the entire rules/regulations booklet.  I even took it to a lawyer to double check the legality.  The company seems legit.  The payplan is great and obviously the Product sells itself.  However if customers aren't saving money (or at least paying the same price with the added benefits) I would agree with your article.  Thats why I'd like to do a little research if this is just an isolated event or if something else went into the bill discrepancy.  Thank you in advance for any additional information you could provide. 													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?      
											Report & Rebuttal
										  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
												No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
											                                                                     Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                





jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 Free email alerts: Get new jobs by email
We will send you new job offers for your search as soon as they become available. Just fill out the fields for job position, location and your email address and click on „Activate“. You can cancel email alerts at any time. Your email address is safe with us. We only use your email address for job alerts and do not sell it to third parties.


what?



where?



E-Mail















Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Independence Energy Corp (IDNG) Stock Message Board - InvestorsHub




























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Oil/Gas/Natural Energy Production
            >
            
Independence Energy Corp (IDNG)



Add IDNG Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:
sony12, Cashking74, Homebrew, kenray25




Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 5/1/2012 10:10:38 AM - 
                Followers:
                177
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







   RedHawk Holdings Corp.    About RedHawk Holdings Corp. RedHawk Holdings Corp., formerly Independence Energy Corp., is a diversified holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of branded generic pharmaceutical drugs, commercial real estate investment and leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security systems, and specialized financial services. Through its medical products business unit, the Company sells WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control, the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit, the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer and Zonis®. Its real estate leasing revenues are generated from various commercial properties under long-term lease. Additionally, RedHawk's real estate investment unit holds limited liability company interest in various commercial restoration projects in Hawaii. The Company's financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services. RedHawk Energy holds the exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System, a unique, closed cabinet, nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner.         The Company believes the new name will better reflect the future direction of the business. The Company also said its                       health care business unit will operate as a fully-owned subsidiary of RedHawk under the name Independence Health Corp., LLC. The Company is waiting for regulatory approval to begin trading under its new trading symbol (HAWC) and new CUSIP number (75746Q103).  http://www.redhawkholdingscorp.com  http://www.redhawkenergycorp.com https://ecogen-europe.co.uk ***http://redhawkmedical.co.uk***     A/S: 450 Million - per state of Nevada active status O/S: 361,049,027 Million - as of Feb 01, 2017 Float: 140,496,722 million - as of Jun 28,2016  3,000 Shareholders of Record a/o Oct 28,2016  Insiders Own 60%+ = Over 200 Million Shares                                                                        The company authorized up to 5,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $1,000.00 per share  IDNG HAS ZERO CONVERTIBLE DEBT   *******Recent news*******  RedHawk Reports Third Quarter Earnings   YOUNGSVILLE, La., June 14, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today consolidated net income of $151,641 ($nil per share) on net revenues of $427,276 for the three month period ended March 31, 2017. On minimal revenues, RedHawk previously reported a net loss of $653,811 ($nil per share) for the comparable three month period ended March 31, 2016. The Company said the significant improvement in its profitability resulted from lower operating expenses and improved margins on sales of its pharmaceutical branded generics and “specials” through its United Kingdom-based investment in EcoGen Europe, Ltd (“EcoGen”). For the nine month period ended March 31, 2017, RedHawk said EcoGen, its branded generic pharmaceutical business unit, generated operating income of approximately $270,000 on net revenues of approximately $775,500. The Company also reported that it has reached an agreement with its United Kingdom (“UK”) partners to resolve certain previously announced business questions that had recently come to its attention during due diligence. With this resolution, the Company said it has resumed negotiations with its UK partners about the possible increase in its ownership position in EcoGen. RedHawk said it hopes negotiations on the new ownership structure will be completed within the next thirty days. In March 2016, RedHawk, through its wholly-owned subsidiary RedHawk Pharma UK LTD, completed the acquisition of a 25% ownership investment in EcoGen, a United Kingdom company specializing in the manufacturing and the marketing of certain branded generic pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Scarlett Pharma Ltd, a United Kingdom company, initially retained a 75% ownership position in EcoGen. EcoGen also holds distribution rights in a number of European countries for Zonis®, a patented antimicrobial ionic silver calcium catheter dressing with both wound healing and haemostatic properties. It is designed to be placed directly over the exit site of all vascular and non-vascular percutaneous medical devices. Zonis® reduces bacteria colonization and related bloodstream infections by delivering ionic silver directly to the site. At March 31, 2017, the UK’s National Health Service discontinued the permitted sale of NP8’s and special obtains pharmaceuticals. To address this change, RedHawk has re-aligned its pharmaceutical operations to reduce overhead and has lowered its offered customer discounts to increase profit margins. Further, RedHawk said it has expanded the marketing of its branded generics to Clinical Commissioning Groups in the UK. The Company also said it is in negotiations to expand the number of generic drugs currently being offered by EcoGen. The Company believes the successful implementation of this plan will help offset any short-term lost revenues resulting from the discontinuation of NP8’s and special obtains. The Company also said RedHawk Medical Products & Services, LLC has commenced production and sales of its SANDD mini (Sharps and Needle Destruction Device) with an initial sales order negotiated during the June 30, 2017 quarter. In December 2015, the Company acquired all of the tangible and intangible property rights for the SANDD mini (formerly known as the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit), the only needle destruction device approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). The acquired assets included all matters subject to the SANDD mini original patent applications, including technical designs, drawings, trademarks, tradenames, FDA documents, clinical test data, and all manufacturing tooling and fixtures. The SANDD mini is a portable, battery operated, insulin-needle destruction device for use at home primarily by diabetics. The device is intended for the destruction and environmentally friendly disposal of 27-30 gauge insulin hypodermic needles that are 5/16 to ½ inch in length. It can be used with most insulin pens with disposable insulin syringes from 1/3 to 1 cubic centimeter in volume. The SANDD mini is used by diabetics for the safe and environmentally friendly disposal of needles following their use and is an effective alternative to hazardous waste needle disposal utilizing sharps containers.    The Company further said it is evaluating certain modifications to the original SANDD mini design which, if successful, would significant expand the unit’s market capabilities and will then include the allergy, cosmetology and ophthalmology medical device markets. RedHawk also said it has decided to exit the exploration and production section of the energy sector and instead focus more on possible acquisition of energy service providers where it believes business valuations are more attractive.  RedHawk Announces Troubled EcoGen Due Diligence Results YOUNGSVILLE, La., May 02, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RedHawk Holdings Corp.(IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today that it is investigating several potentially disappointing and unexpected matters which came to its attention during the due diligence review for evaluating a possible increase in its ownership position of EcoGen Europe Ltd.   The Company said these previously undisclosed financial and related party issues are troublesome as the proposed transaction could possibly increase its ownership position from its current minority ownership position from approximately 25% to a controlling ownership position of greater than 50%. While RedHawk remains optimistic that these matters will be resolved to its satisfaction, there can be no assurance as to if or when a resolution may occur.   RedHawk Announces Second Quarter Results YOUNGSVILLE, La., March 13, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RedHawk Holdings Corp.(IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today a consolidated net loss of $282,027 ($nil per share) on gross revenues of $718,337 for the three month period ended December 31, 2016. Excluding a non-recurring gain of $156,697, the Company reported a net loss of $291,810 ($nil per share) on minimal revenues for the comparable three month period ended December 31, 2015. The second quarter 2017 results include approximately $562,000 of new product incentive discounts on the Company’s pharmaceutical sales and approximately $58,000 of non-recurring legal fees and transaction costs. To gain market share, the new product incentive discounts were offered to customers of EcoGen Europe Limited (“EcoGen”) for the sale of certain pharmaceuticals (“NP8’s”) which are outside the United Kingdom’s National Health Services (“NHS”) drug tariff and for sale of certain generic pharmaceuticals known as “specials.” The market for these types of pharmaceuticals is very competitive and substantial discounts are necessary to gain market share.  While a small portion of these incentive discounts were offered as a part of current distribution agreements, the Company believes much of these offered incentive discounts will gradually decrease as it transitions to marketing and sales of its branded generic products directly to the NHS’ Clinical Commissioning Groups (“CCG”).  RedHawk recently announced that it will commence the sale of its branded generics directly to the first of a total of 212 CCG’s in March 2017.  The Company believes the importance of the current sales mix of NP8’s and generic specials will be less significant in the future as its branded generics gain acceptance among the CCG’s. EcoGen is the Company’s United Kingdom-based pharmaceutical distributor specializing in the manufacturing and marketing of branded generic pharmaceuticals. EcoGen also holds the distribution rights in a number of countries for Zonis®, a patented antimicrobial ionic silver calcium catheter dressing with both wound healing and hemostatic properties. RedHawk recently announced its intentions to increase its ownership position in EcoGen to approximately 50%. In March 2016, RedHawk Pharma UK Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RedHawk, acquired a 25% stake in EcoGen.  Commenting on the second quarter, fiscal 2017 results, the Company said, “During the second quarter we continued to sacrifice pharmaceutical profit margins so we could continue to gain market share. We believe this strategy to capitalize on business opportunities with CCG’s is working. In March 2017 we will begin delivery of our branded generics to the first CCG. Similar delivery agreements are currently being negotiated with more CCG’s. Additionally, as we continue the transition the product mix of our sales more towards our branded generic pharmaceuticals, the amount of new product incentive discounts will decline and we believe profitability will increase.” “The unanticipated delays in bringing EcoGen’s branded generics to market has been challenging but RedHawk remains optimistic about EcoGen’s business opportunities in the United Kingdom and other geographic markets. We recently announced our intentions to increase our ownership position in EcoGen to approximately 50% and further ownership increases are possible.” The Company has now increased its focus on marketing its medical devices: Sharps and Needle Destruction Device (SANDD)  Re-engineering of SANDD has been completed; 	Production samples have been approved; 	Marketing of the anti-microbial SANDD mini unit was launched in January 2017; 	Currently negotiating an exclusive long-term distribution agreements for six Middle Eastern countries and for Mexico; SANDD Pro model is expected to be launched later in 2017; 	Pre-market clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the sale of SANDD in the United States has been received.   WoundClot Surgical – Advance Bleeding Control (“WoundClot”)  Market acceptance of WoundClot has been slower than expected; 	WoundClot is now accepted onto the NHS Supply Chain for hemostats in the United Kingdom, ensuring availability across all public NHS hospitals; 	We have increased our efforts to further broaden market awareness and penetration of WoundClot, with the addition of a new distributor; 	We believe the increased marketing efforts will soon be rewarded.  Louisiana State University Innovation Park  We have expanded our medical device warehousing capabilities and administrative offices at the LSU Innovation Park; 	We are now situated to consider offering SANDD and WoundClot into the United States markets; 	Company is working with LSU to gather Medicare approval for SANDD; 	Company is now better positioned to capitalize on various medical device opportunities currently being offered; 	RedHawk has initiated discussions with LSU for the joint design and development of a new needle destruction unit capable of a broader range of needle destruction; 	Further expansion is possible.  RedHawk Commences Sale of Branded Generics to Clinical Commissioning Groups YOUNGSVILLE, La., Feb. 28, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today that EcoGen Europe Limited (“EcoGen”) has commenced the process of selling its branded generic pharmaceutical drugs to a Clinical Commissioning Group (“CCG”). Initial deliveries of EcoGen’s branded generics to this first CCG are expected to commence during March 2017. There are currently 212 CCG’s and the Company believes more CCG’s will begin taking delivery of EcoGen’s branded generics in the coming months. CCG’s are organizations set up in the United Kingdom by the National Health Service (“NHS”) to organize the delivery of NHS services throughout England. They are clinically led groups that include all general practitioners in their geographic area. The aim of this structure is to give general practitioners and other clinicians the power to influence commissioning decisions for their patients. CCG’s are overseen by the NHS and operate by commissioning or buying healthcare services including pharmaceuticals, elective hospital care, rehabilitation care, urgent and emergency care and most community health services. CCG’s work with patients and healthcare professionals in partnership with local communities and authorities.  RedHawk to Expand Innovation Center Offices YOUNGSVILLE, La., Feb. 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today it is expanding its medical device warehousing and administrative offices at the Louisiana State University (“LSU”) Innovation Park (the “LSU Innovation Park”), a 200 plus acre university research park located five miles south of the main LSU campus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Company said it hopes to complete the expansion of its innovation center offices by March 31, 2017 to address expected increased domestic and international demand for its medical devices. The Company announced in April 2016 that it had established the RedHawk Innovation Center to have access to LSU researchers, faculty, students, interns, equipment, intellectual property, and the vast network of LSU alumni. Commenting on the expansion of its medical device offices at the LSU Innovation Park, G. Darcy Klug, RedHawk’s Chairman and an LSU alumnus said, “The expansion of our medical device warehousing and administrative offices at the LSU Innovation Park permits the consolidation of our medical device administration, development, testing, warehousing, quality control, manufacturing, assembly and distribution capabilities. This consolidation also allows us to work closer on new product development with the Pennington Biomedical Research Center, the LSU Health Science Center, the Pennington BioTech Initiative, the LSU Emerging Technology Center and more than 44 companies and research institutions located at the LSU Innovation Park.  We are exposed to new medical devices on a regular basis. This expansion and consolidation will allow us to improve our medical device administrative and operating efficiency and it will help increase our focus on new product development. We believe we are now better positioned to capitalize on the various medical device opportunities that are currently being offered to us.” RedHawk Sues Former Executive YOUNGSVILLE, La., Jan. 31, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today it has joined with Beechwood Properties, LLC (“Beechwood”) in a lawsuit (“Lawsuit”) filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana (2:17-cv-00819) against Daniel J. Schreiber (“Schreiber”), a former Company executive, and the Schreiber Living Trust dated February 8, 1995 (collectively referred to herein as the “Defendants”). The Lawsuit alleges the Defendants acquired 57,064,608 shares of Company’s common stock through securities fraud under Sections 10B and 20 of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5, securities fraud under Sections 18 and 20 of the Exchange Act, fraud under Louisiana state law. Beechwood is suing the Defendants for damages resulting from their breach of contract, unjust enrichment and for Schreiber’s breach of his fiduciary duties to the shareholders of RedHawk. The Lawsuit seeks damages from the Defendants, among other things, the return to the Company of all of the shares of RedHawk Holdings Corp. owned or acquired, now or previously, directly or indirectly, by the Defendants, along with any proceeds from any sales thereof. If successful, the return of the shares to RedHawk would inure to the benefit of all of the shareholders. Beechwood Properties, LLC is a real estate investment company owned by G. Darcy Klug, the Company’s Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer and majority stockholder.    The Lawsuit alleges, among other things, that Schreiber and Paul A. Rachmuth (“Rachmuth”), fraudulently concealed from the Company and Beechwood, hidden deficiencies in the assets sold to RedHawk by American Medical Distributors, LLC (“AMD”) on March 31, 2014. Schreiber and Rachmuth received 57,064,608 and 19,021,536, respectively, shares of RedHawk common stock and Schreiber was appointed to the Company’s board of directors upon completion of the AMD transaction. The Lawsuit further details how Schreiber deliberately concealed from RedHawk a 2010 civil injunction, fines and sanctions previously levied upon him by the Securities and Exchange Commission for his 2009 participation in an alleged $10.7 million bribery scheme. The Lawsuit describes how Schreiber also interfered with RedHawk’s ability to conduct routine business as a public company. In a letter dated November 5, 2015 from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), the regulatory agency informed the Company that Schreiber’s material association with RedHawk raised concerns regarding the protection of investors and transparency in the marketplace. RedHawk Holdings Woundclot Approved for NHS Supply Chain Youngsville, Louisiana – (Uptick Newswire – December 22, 2016) – RedHawk Holdings Corp. (OTCQB: IDNG) (“RedHawk” or the “Company”) announced today that all three of its WoundClot Surgical – Advanced Bleeding Control (“WoundClot”) offered products have been approved to participate in the Framework Agreement to Supply Wound Closure products, more commonly known as hemostats, to the National Health Service (“NHS”) Supply Chain in the United Kingdom. This will allow for the WoundClot range of products to be listed within the NHS Supply Chain Catalogue (“Catalogue”), simplifying the procurement process and eliminating any barriers to evaluating the WoundClot range of products for use in all NHS hospitals. RedHawk said it expects WoundClot to be listed in the Catalogue on or about February 1, 2017 after NHS review and approval of the Company’s quality management system. All NHS procurement personnel will now have access to order the WoundClot products through the NHS Supply Chain Online Catalogue and Ordering system. Anyone within the NHS system who has purchasing authority, including procurement personnel, will now be able to order the WoundClot products, following clinical app There are approximately 350 NHS institutions within the NHS Supply Chain network. In February 2016, the Company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, RedHawk Medical Products U.K. Ltd, had entered into a contract for the exclusive distribution rights to sell WoundClot in the United Kingdom. RedHawk also said it is considering expanding certain distribution capabilities to include its newly established Innovation Center at Louisiana State University. WoundClot, made from cellulose, has been uniquely engineered and manufactured with a patented molecular structure, designed to entrap platelets and coagulants in a modified physical molecular matrix. This specific design creates a haemodynamic polymer membrane with high adherence and resilience properties that is able to both withstand extremely high pressure bleeds and immediately reduce blood flow. Simultaneously, the specifically designed functional molecular groups transform to enhance and activate the natural coagulation processes up to five times more efficiently than existing available products. Once the bleeding has stopped and the coagulation cascade has formed, the product can easily be removed, if desired, without disrupting the already-formed functional biological clot. Additionally, unlike other available products on the LA 132870027v1 market, WoundClot is fully bio-absorbable and bio-degradable and, if needed, can be left in the wound to degrade safely within approximately seven days. RedHawk to Exit Real Estate Investments   Youngsville, LA -- (ReleaseWire) -- 12/08/2016 --RedHawk Holdings Corp. (OTCQB:IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that it will exit its real estate investments beginning in 2017. The Company said that it has achieved satisfactory returns on these investments and believes the invested capital can now be best utilized in other areas of the Company's business. The Company said that it expects to receive approximately $1.5 million from the sale of its real estate investments and will use the proceeds to retire approximately $0.25 million of existing real estate debt, provide working capital for its current operating business units and fund certain strategic transactions currently under consideration.  Redhawk Announces First Quarter Results YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / DECEMBER 5, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (OTC QB: IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today a consolidated net loss of $187,175 ($nil per share) on gross revenues of $499,280 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016. These first quarter results compare to a net loss $108,404 ($nil per share) on minimal revenues for the comparable three month period ended September 30, 2015. The first quarter's results included a consolidated net loss from operations of approximately $140,000 which included charges of approximately $260,000 for new product incentive discounts offered to customers, approximately $70,000 of non-recurring legal fees and approximately $25,000 of non-cash charges. Exclusive of the new product incentive discounts and the non-recurring legal fees, the Company would have reported net income from operations of approximately $190,000 and cash flow from operations of approximately $215,000. These sales discounts were offered to customers in connection with the Company's introduction of its branded generic pharmaceuticals and certain generic "specials" in the United Kingdom. While a small portion of these discounts are offered as a part of current distribution agreements, the Company believes much of these offered discounts will gradually decrease as its branded generic products and "specials" continue to gain market acceptance. "Specials" offered by the Company are unlicensed, non-narcotic, made-to-order, or customized medicinal products. The non-recurring legal fees for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 relate primarily to costs incurred in connection with unexpected due diligence matters pertaining to certain strategic transactions currently in process, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the continued pursuit of the resolution of certain regulatory matters, increased complexity in regulatory filings and costs, and expenses incurred in connection with certain ongoing litigation claims against third parties. The Company said, "During this first quarter of our 2017 fiscal year, we focused primarily on launching the operations of our pharmaceutical business unit. We are very pleased with the performance and efforts of our UK management group. This business unit has quickly attained profitability despite the higher than normal offered discounts. Further, as this business expands the introduction of its branded generic products and 'specials' into the United Kingdom market, we believe our pharma unit will continue to increase revenues as it attains greater market share and product awareness. While our pharmaceutical unit continues to focus on revenue growth, increased market acceptance, new product development and improved profitability, our medical device business unit has now launched SANDD,our needle destruction device." "During the second quarter ending December 31, 2016, the manufacturing process of SANDD commenced. Initial marketing of our needle destruction device remains scheduled to start in the United Kingdom and certain Middle Eastern countries during this same three month period ending December 31, 2016. Expectations for the marketing of SANDD in the United States is still targeted to commence during the three month period ending March 31, 2017." "Initial SANDD units are being manufactured and designed primarily for consumer use but do have limited commercial applications. During the three month period ending March 31, 2017, we expect to begin engineering and testing of a SANDD model more specifically designed for commercial applications. We believe this disciplined approach to launching our individual business units better prepares us to meet with unplanned market challenges as they arise." "We continue to investigate several unexpected matters which came to our attention during the due diligence review of certain previously announced strategic transactions. While we remain optimistic that these matters will be resolved to our satisfaction, there can be no assurance as to when resolution may occur. Additionally, our legal advisors have been unable to resolve certain regulatory matters pertaining to Daniel J. Schreiber's position as a significant shareholder of the Company. Regulators remain concerned about the protection of the Company's shareholders and market transparency as long as Mr. Schreiber remains a 'significant shareholder.' We believe we have remedies available to resolve this situation and we have engaged counsel to begin pursuing these remedies." RedHawk Announces Year End Results YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / October 31, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (the "Company") announced today a net loss of $1,267,960 ($nil per diluted share) on revenues of $29,450 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. Included in the reported loss were certain non-recurring costs and expenses, including approximately $450,000 of professional fees associated with certain acquisition and litigation costs, approximately $300,000 of management fees principally related to the Company's investment in a foreign limited liability company, and approximately $50,000 in research, development and testing costs associated with new products being offered by the Company in the future. The net loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 also included a $55,000 foreign currency loss incurred in connection with the Company's pharmaceutical and medical device operations in the United Kingdom. The loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 compares to a net loss of $396,808 ($nil per diluted share) and $105,615 ($nil per diluted share) for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015 and the five-month transition period ended June 30, 2015, respectively. In May 2015, the Company's board of directors approved the change of the Company's fiscal year from January 31 to June 30. Commenting on the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 results, the Company said, "We invested heavily during the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2016 to pursue several strategic acquisitions, invest in critical product development and correct certain past corporate issues. While some of these expenditures will continue into fiscal year 2017, we believe we are now beginning to see the benefits of these investments." "During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, sales of EcoGen Europe Ltd.'s branded generic pharmaceuticals and specials topped $400,000. During this same three-month period, we completed the redesign of our Sharps and Needle Destruction Device ("SANDD") and obtained pre-market clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to begin selling SANDD in the United States. Manufacturing of the redesigned SANDD has commenced with initial deliveries and sales of the SANDD units expected to begin during the quarter ending December 31, 2016. While initial marketing of SANDD is targeted for the United Kingdom and the Middle East countries, we expect sales of SANDD in the United States to begin during the quarter ending March 31, 2017." "Certain unexpected issues have come to our attention during the due diligence process and have resulted in unanticipated delays in closing of certain previously announced transactions. We will continue to pursue these strategic business and other product development opportunities in an effort to resolve these certain business concerns so that we can comfortably complete these transactions. RedHawk Receives Pre-Market Clearance For Needle Destruction Unit YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / October 25, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today it has completed the re-engineering of its Sharps and Needle Destruction Device ("SANDD") and has received pre-market clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the sale of SANDD in the United States. RedHawk Medical Products, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RedHawk, acquired the tangible and intangible property rights to SANDD (formerly known as the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit) in December 2015. The Company said initial manufacturing of the SANDD units has commenced and it expects deliveries and sales of SANDD to begin during the quarter ending December 31, 2016. Marketing of SANDD will initially be focused on the United Kingdom and the Middle East countries. Deliveries and sales in the United States are expected to begin during the three month period ending March 31, 2017. SANDD is a portable, battery operated, insulin-needle destruction device primarily used by diabetics at home or in small hospital and clinical settings. The device is intended for the safe and environmentally friendly disposal of 27-30 gauge insulin hypodermic needles that are 5/16 to 1/2 inch in length. It can be used with most insulin pens with disposable insulin syringes from 1/3 to 1 cubic centimeter in volume. SANDD is an effective alternative to hazardous waste needle disposal utilizing sharps containers. Redhawk Acquires Stake in Tigress Energy Partners YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / September 26, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today it has agreed to acquire up to a 25% interest in Marlin USA Energy Partners, LLC ("Marlin"), the minority owner of Tigress Energy Partners, LLC ("TEP"). The majority ownership of TEP is held by Tigress Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company majority-owned by Cynthia DiBartolo, Chief Executive Officer of Tigress Financial Partners LLC ("TFP"). TEP is a limited liability company formed for the purpose of investing up to $250 million of institutional capital focused on the exploration and production of oil and gas reserves in the south and southwest regions of the United States. Management duties of TEP are handled by Ms. DiBartolo and industry veteran, Michael Robinson. TFP is an investment banking, brokerage and specialized financial services firm providing expertise in investment banking, investment research, asset management, wealth management, corporate advisory and trade execution services. TFP provides services to corporate entities, institutional investors, high net worth individuals, public and private pensions, and federal, state and municipal governments. Ms. DiBartolo is responsible for the overall strategic direction and leadership of TEP, including client relationships, marketing, product development, human capital development and financial management. Mr. Robinson brings a stellar track record in the energy sector. Over the past five years, energy funds managed by Mr. Robinson have achieved internal rates of return between 10% and as high as 66%. Under his direction, these funds have discovered hydrocarbons in Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma and California. Utilizing innovative drilling and cost saving methods, the performance by Mr. Robinson's funds have greatly surpassed industry standards. Mr. Robinson has thirty years of experience as an independent operator, investor and mineral owner. Between 2007 and 2015, he was President of Gulf Coast Mid West Energy Partners, engaged in the exploration and production of oil and gas reserves in Texas, Louisiana and the mid-continent regions of the United States. Mr. Robinson owns the majority of Marlin. Commenting on this new investment, the Company said, "We believe the decline of energy sector has bottomed. While there may still be a period of time before the sector actually improves significantly, we believe the timing is right to now enter this market. TEP partners and key team members have been responsible for more than $500 million in structured transactions ranging from asset acquisitions and project financings to start-up ventures. Coupled with the industry experience of RedHawk's key managers, we believe the timing of this transaction now offers RedHawk shareholders a very interesting and strategic investment opportunity." EcoGen Acquires Exclusive U.K. Licensing And Supply Rights For New Sildenafil Spray YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / August 19, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp.(IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that EcoGen Europe Limited ("EcoGen"), in which the Company currently has a 25% ownership interest, has signed an exclusive agreement to license and supply a new non-patent infringing generic spray formulation of Sildenafil Citrate ("Sildenafil") in the U.K. EcoGen will market the new spray under the brand name Azulvig. EcoGen expects to begin marketing the Azulvig in about 12 months after receipt of final U.K. regulatory approval. While waiting on final U.K. approvals, the Company said it will work with the LSU Innovation Center and the LSU Health Sciences Center to develop the most effective marketing strategy for Azulvig. Sildenafil, developed by Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) and sold as Viagra and other trade names, is a medication used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension. By some estimates, the global erectile dysfunction drug market is expected to reach $3.2 billion by 2022 (Grand View Research Inc., 2015). Sildenafil accounts for more than 40% of the total global market and is generally considered as the first line of treatment for erectile dysfunction (IMS data). The taste of Azulvig is masked to allow for oral absorption through sub-lingual or buccal membranes. The oral spray permits faster routes of absorption than oral tablets, which are limited by various factors, such as first pass metabolism. Azulvig will be offered in a "bag on valve" pump actuated dispenser of either 10ml or 30ml sizes. Azulvig will allow clinicians to more accurately control patient doses in order to achieve optimum control of the condition, while reducing the potential for side effects. Ecogen Completes Regulatory Certifications And Enters Into Exclusive United Kingdom Distribution Agreement YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / August 15, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp.(IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that EcoGen Europe LTD ("EcoGen") has received final regulatory certification for the sale and distribution of its branded generics and specials. In connection therewith, the Company also announced that EcoGen has now partnered with Alliance Healthcare, a member of Walgreens Boots Alliance, for the nationwide distribution of its current suite of branded generics to pharmacies and healthcare providers throughout the United Kingdom. Sales of EcoGen's branded generics and specials are expected to commence immediately. In March 2016, RedHawk signed a definitive agreement through its wholly-owned subsidiary RedHawk Pharma UK LTD to complete the acquisition of a 25% ownership investment in EcoGen, a United Kingdom company specializing in the manufacturing and the marketing of certain branded generic pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Additionally, during the seven-year period commencing on the closing date, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to increase its ownership position in EcoGen up to a maximum of 49% of the entire capital of Ecogen. In May 2016, RedHawk announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, RedHawk Pharma UK, LTD, is in advanced discussions to acquire a United Kingdom based manufacturer of non-narcotic made-to-order or customized medicinal products ("Specials"). Until closing of this acquisition, the Company said this pharmaceutical manufacturer will be EcoGen's provider of certain Specials. Redhawk Agrees to Acquire Majority Stake in Mint Leasing, Inc. RedHawk Begins Trading on the OTCQB Market YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / July 27, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (the "Company") announced today that RedHawk Financial Services LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has agreed to acquire more than 90% of the outstanding capital stock of Mint Leasing, Inc. ("Mint"). Concurrent with the Mint acquisition, RedHawk Land & Hospitality, LLC, the Company's commercial real estate investment company, will acquire 100% of the outstanding membership interests in VJ Holdings, LLC ("VJ"), a Texas-based commercial real estate limited liability company and an affiliate of Mint. The Company also announced today that it has received approval to begin trading on the OTCQB Market. Mint (OTC: MLES) provides automobile leasing and fleet vehicles to the commercial and consumer markets throughout the United States. Most customers are located in Texas and seven other states in the Southeast. Lease transactions are solicited and administered by Mint's sales force and staff. Mint's leasing customers are provided from brand-name automobile dealers that seek to provide leasing options to their commercial and individual customers, many of whom would not have the opportunity to acquire a new or late-model-year vehicle. Mint currently has approximately 450 vehicles under lease and 600 automotive dealers under contract. The commercial real estate owned by VJ is currently under long-term lease to Mint for its corporate offices and warehousing of its vehicle inventory held for sale or re-lease. The valuation of the commercial real estate owned by VJ was based upon an independent third party appraisal authorized by the financial institution providing VJ with its real estate financing. The total purchase price for the Mint shares and the VJ membership interests being acquired consists of up to 25 million restricted shares of RedHawk's common stock, $300,000 in cash, and the assumption of VJ's real estate bank indebtedness. The restricted shares will vest pursuant to certain mutually agreed upon performance milestones. Commenting on the proposed acquisition, G. Darcy Klug, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, said, "At its height, Mint reported more than $5 million of EBITDA, revenues topping $50 million, and approximately 2,500 vehicles under lease. Mint's primary lender fell victim to the financial collapse of 2008, resulting in Mint losing its vehicle lease financing floor plan. Mint has since been unable to re-establish a satisfactory warehouse leasing floorplan. We believe we can re-establish the solid credit facilities necessary for Mint to resume profitable operations." "We like the equipment rental and the equipment leasing business sectors," continued Klug. "As such, we expect further strategic and organic expansion in the area. Additionally, we believe Mint fits nicely within our diversified business model for equipment sales and leasing, including future sales and leasing of the Centri Controlled Entry System, our full-body scanner which is now in final testing." Klug added, "Jerry Parish, the President of Mint, has spent his entire professional career in the automotive industry. He has served as both Sales Manager and General Manager for numerous well-recognized, Texas-based automobile dealerships. Jerry has received numerous Salesman of the Year awards and in the 17 years since founding Mint, built the company into a well-respected, well-recognized automobile leasing company. He will be an outstanding addition to the RedHawk management team. We are thrilled to have someone like Jerry join the RedHawk team as we provide Jerry with the management support to re-build Mint, return Mint to profitability, and re-establish Mint as a leading provider of vehicle leasing to the commercial and consumer markets throughout the United States." Closing is expected to be completed on or before October 31, 2016 and is contingent upon completion of satisfactory due diligence, approval by the board of directors of both companies, completion of new equipment financing under terms acceptable to the Company, bank approval of the assumed real estate indebtedness, finalization of the terms and conditions of the definitive purchase agreement, and satisfactory completion of legal and financial due diligence. The acquisition is subject to a $500,000 break-up contingency fee should Mint elect not to complete the transaction. RedHawk Provides Updates YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / July 11, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) (the "Company") announced today updates to several pending matters: MANAGEMENT REORGANIZATION The Company has appointed Thomas J. Concannon as the Company's Chief Executive Officer effective immediately. Mr. Concannon replaces Daniel J. Schreiber who resigned effective July 5, 2016. Since joining the Company on February 1, 2016 as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Concannon has been principally responsible for the oversight, coordination and integration of the Company's pharmaceutical and medical device business units. Mr. Concannon has over 25 years of industry and managerial experience, including serving as President of NJR Energy, an oil and natural gas exploration company, and as a director of its parent company, New Jersey Resources, a New York Stock Exchange listed company. He also served previously as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Geokinetics Inc., a NASDAQ-listed provider of seismic acquisition and data processing services to the oil and gas industry. Mr. Concannon received his juris doctorate from St. John's University School of Law. PENDING LITIGATION With respect to that certain litigation, RedHawk Holdings Corp. and Beechwood Properties, LLC vs Craig Investments, LLC and Howard J. Taylor (the "Litigation"), the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York has denied, on all points, the motion of Craig Investments, LLC to change the venue from New York, New York to St. Louis, Missouri. The Litigation was originally filed by the Company on or about November 19, 2015 and then amended on March 18, 2016 to include Scott Bader as a defendant. With this ruling, the Company said it would immediately resume prosecution of the Litigation. OTC MARKET LISTING The Company also announced today that it has made application to move from the OTC Pink Sheets to the OTCQB market listing. The Company said it hopes to complete the new market listing during the quarter ending September 30, 2016. REGULATORY APPROVAL FOR BRANDED GENERICS During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, EcoGen Europe LTD ("EcoGen") received final packaging regulatory safety approval for its branded generic drugs - Paravict and Danamep. Paravict, which will be distributed by EcoGen in 500 mg caplets, is EcoGen's branded generic name for Paracetamol. Danamep, which will be distributed by EcoGen in 75 mg tablets, is EcoGen's branded generic name for Aspirin. Sales of Paravict and Danamep are expected to commence on or about August 1, 2016. S.A.N.D.D. ENGINEERING UPDATES COMPLETED The Company also announced today the completion of the engineering upgrades to its Sharps and Needle Destruction Device (S.A.N.D.D.), formerly known as the Disintegrator™. Production of the initial units for distribution into the United Kingdom and the Middle East is expected to commence on or before August 1, 2016. F.D.A. APPROVALS RECEIVED FOR CENTRI During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") for the import, assembly and demonstrations of the Centri Controlled Entry System ("Centri"), a unique, nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner capable of finding weapons, drugs and other metallic and non-metallic contraband concealed on and within the human body. Phase I radiation testing has been successfully completed. FDA approval for human testing and sale of Centri (Phase II radiation testing) is expected to be received during the quarter ending September 30, 2016. The Company has acquired the exclusive import, manufacturing and distributions rights in the United States from Basic Technologies, Inc. who holds the exclusive worldwide license to manufacture and sell Centri. Kav Singh Hundle Appointed To RedHawk Board Of Directors YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / June 2, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that Mr. Kav Singh Hundle has been appointed to its Board of Directors effective immediately. Mr. Hundle has over 13 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and currently serves as a director of Warwick Healthcare Ltd. ("Warwick"), a United Kingdom based pharmaceutical services company. In his role as a director of Warwick, Mr. Hundle is responsible for all aspects of Warwick's pharmaceutical business, including pharmaceutical exportation, manufacturing and strategic business transactions. Since its inception in 2006, Warwick has acquired nine additional pharmacies and currently operates twelve pharmacies in the United Kingdom. Since 2015, Mr. Hundle has also served as a director of EcoGen Europe Ltd ("EcoGen") and has been instrumental in developing and implementing EcoGen's business strategy of marketing and distribution of branded generic pharmaceuticals and Zonis® in the United Kingdom and other targeted European countries. Mr. Hundle is also President of RedHawk Medical Products UK Ltd ("RedHawk Medical"), a United Kingdom medical device company established for the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit, Woundclot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control and the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer. In March 2016, RedHawk acquired a 25% interest in EcoGen with an option to increase its ownership position up to 49%. RedHawk Medical is a wholly-owned subsidiary of RedHawk. Additionally, the Company is in advanced discussions to acquire, in conjunction with EcoGen, a United Kingdom based manufacturer of non-narcotic made-to-order or customized medicinal pharmaceutical products. In 2003, Mr. Hundle received his master's degree in Pharmacy from the Leicester School of Pharmacy and initially worked as a licensed pharmacist with the United Kingdom's National Health Service until 2006. He is a member of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain and is a registered member of the General Pharmaceutical Council. RedHawk Reports Third Quarter Results YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / May 23, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today its financial results for the three and nine month periods ended March 31, 2016. For the three month period ended March 31, 2016, the Company reported a net loss from continuing operations of $653,811, $0.00 per share, on revenues of $9,750. This compares to a net loss from continuing operations of $20,883, $0.00 per share, on nil revenues for the same three-month period ended March 31, 2015. The increase in the net loss was primarily attributable to one-time professional fees incurred in connection with RedHawk's recent business acquisitions, the repurchase of approximately 18 million shares of the Company's common stock, the pursuit of various claims against its former legal and accounting professionals and the pursuit of claims against a former officer of the Company and certain private equity investors. During the third quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company also experienced an increase in its management fees over the comparable 2015 three-month period as it assembled its executive management team in the United States and the United Kingdom and incurred a one-time consultancy fee of $174,000 in connection with the non-compete agreement entered into with Scarlett Pharma LTD. For the nine month period ended March 31, 2016, the Company reported a net loss from continuing operations of $788,924, $0.00 per share, on revenues of $19,700, as compared to a net loss of $124,163, $0.00 per share, on minimal revenues for the same nine month period ended March 31, 2015. As with the three-month period ended March 31, 2016, the increase in the net loss from continuing operations resulted primarily from higher one-time professional fees and higher management fees. Commenting on the three and nine month results, the Company said it had completed the anticipated recapitalization of its balance sheet. It said it is now focused on restructuring its short term-debt in preparation for the commencement of revenue activity and further strategic expansion in its pharmaceutical and medical device business units. Revenues in the pharmaceutical and medical device business units are expected to accelerate at the beginning of the Company's new fiscal year. Additionally, the Company said it expects to receive and complete the regulatory testing of the first Centri Controlled Entry System ("Centri") before its fiscal year end on June 30, 2016. The first unit will be delivered to, assembled and tested at the Company's newly established RedHawk Innovation Center at the Louisiana State University Innovation Park, a 200 plus acre university research park. After the Company receives regulatory approval from the U.S. Food & Drug Administration, the Company said it expects to begin marketing Centri into the corrections and energy business sectors. RedHawk in Advanced Discussions to Acquire Pharma Manufacturer YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / May 16, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, RedHawk Pharma UK, LTD, is in advanced discussions to acquire a United Kingdom based manufacturer of non-narcotic made-to-order or customized medicinal products otherwise known as "Specials." The Company said the acquisition is expected to be completed during the three-month period ending September 30, 2016 and is contingent upon the completion of satisfactory due diligence, negotiation and execution of a definitive purchase agreement, completion and acceptance of satisfactory acquisition financing and approval by RedHawk's Board of Directors. In March 2016, the Company completed a 25% investment in EcoGen Europe LTD ("EcoGen"), a United Kingdom pharmaceutical company specializing in the manufacturing and marketing of certain branded generic pharmaceuticals and medical devices. EcoGen holds the distribution rights in a number of European countries for Zonis®, a patented antimicrobial ionic silver calcium catheter dressing with both wound healing and haemostatic properties. The Company has reported that it has expanded its geographic distribution of Zonis® to now include Spain and Italy and is in advanced discussions to offer marketing distribution of Zonis® in Australia and New Zealand in the future. During the three-month period ending June 30, 2016, RedHawk Medical Products, UK LTD ("RedHawk Medical") expects to receive its initial inventory of WoundClot Advanced Bleeding Control™ ("WoundClot") inventory and shipments of the newly engineered Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit ("Disintegrator"). RedHawk Medical said marketing of WoundClot will initially be in the United Kingdom while the Disintegrator is initially being marketed in both the United Kingdom and the Middle East. WoundClot made from non-oxidized cellulose, has been uniquely engineered and manufactured with a patented molecular structure, designed to entrap platelets and coagulants in a modified physical molecular matrix. This specific design creates a haemodynamic polymer membrane with high adherence and resilience properties that is able to both withstand extremely high pressure bleeds and immediately reduce blood flow. Simultaneously, the specifically designed functional molecular groups transform to enhance and activate the natural coagulation processes without compression up to five times more efficiently than existing available products. Once the bleeding has stopped and the coagulation cascade has formed, the product can easily be removed, if desired, without disrupting the already-formed clot. Additionally, unlike other available products on the market, WoundClot is fully bio-absorbable, bio-degradable and, if needed, can be left in the wound to degrade safely within seven days. The Disintegrator is a portable, battery operated, insulin-needle destruction device originally designed for home use primarily by diabetics. The device is intended for the destruction and environmentally friendly disposal of 27-30 guage hypodermic needles that are 5/16 to 1/2 inch in length. It can be used with most insulin pens with disposable insulin syringes from 1/3 to 1 cubic centimeter in volume. The Disintegrator can be used by diabetics for the safe and environmentally friendly disposal of needles following their use and is an effective alternative to hazardous waste needle disposal utilizing sharps containers. RedHawk Announces Board Changes YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / April 27, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that on April 20, 2016, certain shareholders of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (the "Company") holding 54.9% of the outstanding voting shares of the common stock of the Company approved the removal of Daniel J. Schreiber, John T. Milito and David Kleinhandler from the board of directors of the Company (the "Board"), effective immediately. On April 22, 2016, same shareholders approved the election of G. Darcy Klug, Phillip Harris IV, Andre F. Toce Sr. and Robert H. Rhyne, Jr. as members of its Board to fill the vacancies created by the departure of Messrs. Schreiber, Milito and Kleinhandler, effective immediately. Mr. Klug has been elected the Chairman of the Board. The Company believes that these changes to the composition of the Board better align the extensive work experience of its Board members with the future direction of the Company's business activities. Mr. Schreiber will remain as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company at this time. Mr. Klug beneficially owns 54.9% of the outstanding voting shares of the common stock of the Company. He is currently the Company's Chief Financial Officer and has held that position since February 27, 2015. Additionally, the Company currently has a $100,000 Commercial Line of Credit with Beechwood Properties, LLC, which is an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Klug. Mr. Harris is a retired executive from United Parcel Service ("UPS"). Mr. Harris attended Wake Forest University and is a 1976 accounting graduate from the University of North Carolina - Greensboro. He is a veteran and while in the military he was assigned to the United States Navy's "Fast Attack" submarine naval forces. He joined UPS in 1975 and held various positions with UPS. At the time of his retirement in 2000, he was UPS' Vice President of Corporate Compliance. There are no transactions reportable pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K in connection with the election of Mr. Harris as a director. Messrs. Toce and Rhyne joined the Company in April 2016 when they purchased $300,000 of the 5% Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, effective as of March 15, 2016, with an option to increase their purchase amount up to $500,000. Mr. Toce has been a trial attorney since 1987 and is the owner and Senior Attorney at The Toce Law Firm, which represents oilfield service companies, independent oil and gas producers, mineral rights owners, royalty owners and landowners. He is also the President and Founder of the Andre F. Toce Sr. Family Foundation, which distributes money to the underprivileged in the world, including homes for battered single mothers and their children, alcohol and addiction recovery centers, and schools and orphanages in Uganda. He holds an undergraduate degree in Microbiology from Louisiana State University and received his Juris Doctorate in 1985 also from Louisiana State University. Mr. Rhyne has been in private investments since 1987 when he co-founded Preheat, Inc. and served as its President and Chief Executive Officer until February 2006 when he joined OMNI Energy Services Corp. ("OMNI") as a result of OMNI's acquisition of Preheat, Inc. At OMNI, he was Vice President of Sales and Marketing and worked closely with Mr. Klug in OMNI's acquisition and business development program. In 2008, Mr. Rhyne returned to private investments which include investments in oilfield service equipment rentals and commissary operations for various state and parish correctional facilities. Mr. Rhyne has well over 25 years of experience in the oilfield service sector with an emphasis on sales and management. His international experience includes business activities in Hong Kong and Indonesia. Mr. Rhyne is a 1977 graduate from Nicholls State University with a degree in business. RedHawk Establishes Innovation Center YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / April 14, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that it has established the RedHawk Innovation Center (the "Innovation Center") at the Louisiana State University ("LSU") Innovation Park (the "LSU Innovation Park"), a 200 plus acre university research park located five miles south of the main LSU campus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Innovation Center will utilize the available resources of LSU, a Carnegie 1 Research Institution, to help design, develop, manufacture and market the Company's products and technologies, including WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control, the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit, the Carotid Artery Non-Contact Thermometer, Zonis®, the Centri Controlled Entry System and the Company's inventory of generic pharmaceutical drugs. The Innovation Center will have access to LSU researchers, faculty, students, interns, equipment, intellectual property and the vast network of LSU alumni. Additionally, the Company said it expects that the Innovation Center will work closely with the Pennington Biomedical Research Center, the LSU Health Science Center, the Pennington BioTech Initiative and the LSU Emerging Technology Center. The LSU Innovation Park is home to 44 companies and research institutions that employ over 300 people. Commenting on the Innovation Center, G. Darcy Klug, RedHawk's Chief Financial Officer and an LSU graduate said, "We believe our medical devices and security system are game-changing technologies. We also believe our ever-expanding inventory branded generic drugs may be able to address certain generic drug shortages currently prevalent in the United States. This alliance with the LSU Innovation Park, and the Pennington Biomedical Research Center, will enhance our product development and further improve our testing procedures. Additionally, we are working with representatives from Louisiana Economic Development and the Lafayette Economic Development Authority as we establish our manufacturing and marketing strategies." Charles D'Agostino, Executive Director of the LSU Innovation Park stated, "We are excited about having Louisiana-based RedHawk Holdings Corp. as a part of our Innovation Park. It represents a strong partnership between the University and this leading edge innovative company whereby groundbreaking technologies are being created and commercialized to benefit the State of Louisiana and offer employment opportunities to our graduates." RedHawk Acquires Exclusive U.S. Manufacturing and Distribution Rights for Centri Full Body Scanner Nominal Dose Closed Cabinet X-Ray Detects Items Concealed in Body Cavities YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / April 11, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that it has acquired the exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System ("Centri"), a unique, nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner capable of finding weapons, drugs and other metallic and non-metallic contraband concealed on and within the human body. The Company acquired these exclusive rights from Basic Technologies, Inc. ("BTI") who holds the exclusive worldwide license to manufacture and sell Centri. Centri was successfully used as an important security tool at the Sochi Winter Olympic Games to search attendees and is currently widely used within Russia’s transportation sector. While entering the transportation sector is a long-range company objective, RedHawk said it will focus its initial marketing strategy on state and local correctional facilities. The Company expects manufacturing and assembly of the first Centri unit to commence on or before June 30, 2016. Centri is a nominal dose, closed cabinet, transmission full body x-ray scanner safe and effective for general check point security. Centri produces a near medical quality image, revealing all items a person is either carrying, has ingested or has inserted within a body cavity or hidden in clothing. By scanning inmates, guards and visitors, correction facilities can quickly and safely detect weapons, drugs and other contraband on or with a person. Centri is capable of finding drugs, metallic and non-metallic contraband concealed within clothing, prosthetics and body cavities - something existing scanners typically used in airports and government buildings are not capable of detecting. The Company said it believes Centri will be useful in keeping drugs, weapons and other contraband from being smuggled via body cavities and endangering both inmates and correctional officers alike. Centri’s uniqueness and competitive advantage stems from proprietary x-ray technology, resulting in extremely high resolution with minimal radiation emissions. These features result from its proprietary design and operating systems that enable it to be used on the same person multiple times per day, 365 days a year and still stay well below U.S. government radiation exposure limits. Based upon both its radiation safety record and its design specifications, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration previously granted permission for the lawful import and sale of Centri within the United States. Centri will be manufactured and marketed through, Centri Security Systems LLC, a limited liability company owned 50% by RedHawk Energy Corp., LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RedHawk, and 50% by BTI. While its initial marketing strategy will focus on state and local correctional systems, the Company said it will also focus marketing efforts on the precious metals, transportation and energy industries. RedHawk Completes 25% Acquisition Stake In EcoGen Europe Ltd YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / March 24, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with, amongst others, Scarlett Pharma Ltd ("Scarlett") through its wholly-owned subsidiary RedHawk Pharma UK LTD to complete the previously announced acquisition of a 25% ownership investment in EcoGen Europe LTD ("EcoGen"), a United Kingdom company specializing in the manufacturing and the marketing of certain branded generic pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Scarlett, a United Kingdom company, will initially retain a 75% ownership position in EcoGen.  In exchange for the 25% stake in EcoGen, the Company will issue to Scarlett up to 100 million restricted shares of the common stock of the Company. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, 10 million shares were issued to Scarlett at closing with up to an additional 90 million shares (the "Earnout Shares") to be issued and vested pro rata as EcoGen reports audited EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization). The issuance and vesting of the Earnout Shares will occur annually based upon audited results of EcoGen and will conclude on the earlier of EcoGen attaining cumulative EBITDA of $100 million or seven years from the closing date.  Additionally, during the seven-year period commencing on the closing date, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to increase its ownership position in EcoGen up to a maximum of 49% of the entire capital of Ecogen. Should the Company exercise its option to increase its ownership position, the Company will issue to Scarlett, pro rata, up to an additional 100 million restricted shares of the common stock of the Company. Concurrent with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Consultancy Agreement with Scarlett for the marketing and distribution in the United Kingdom and, where available, other European countries, certain products offered by RedHawk Medical Products UK LTD, including, but not necessarily limited to, WoundClot™ and the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit. EcoGen also holds distribution rights in a number of European countries for Zonis®, a patented antimicrobial ionic silver calcium catheter dressing with both wound healing and haemostatic properties. It is designed to be placed directly over the exit site of all vascular and non-vascular percutaneous medical devices. Zonis® reduces bacteria colonization and related bloodstream infections by delivering ionic silver directly to the site. The Company said it will use a portion of the shares previously returned to treasury in February 2016 to fund the 10 million shares issued to Scarlett at closing. The Company also said it expects EcoGen revenues from the sale of certain branded generic pharmaceutical drugs and medical devices will commence immediately. Further, the Company said Scarlett has initiated the marketing of WoundClot Advanced Bleeding Control ("WoundClot") pursuant to the previously announced exclusive distribution agreement between RedHawk Medical Products UK LTD and Core Scientific Creations Ltd., and revenues from the sale of WoundClot are also expected to commence during the three-month period ending on June 30, 2016. Commenting on the completion of the EcoGen investment, Daniel J. Schreiber, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, said, "RedHawk's investment in EcoGen and our affiliation with Scarlett is a major milestone in the development of our medical products business unit. Not only have we added branded generic pharmaceuticals to the list of products being offered by our medical products unit, closing of this transaction aligns us with a highly respected marketing and management pharmaceutical and medical device team, allowing us to immediately develop and expand our medical products unit. While our initial marketing efforts are focused on the European countries, our affiliation with EcoGen and Scarlett now allows us to not only consider offering other medical devices and pharmaceutical products in the United Kingdom, but it also permits us to consider possible avenues of entry into the United States' medical device and pharmaceutical markets." Redhawk Settles Claim against Former Executive  YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / February 22, 2015 / RedHawk Holdings Corp.(IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today it has reached an agreement with Howard J. Taylor, RedHawk's former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, in settlement of the claims against Mr. Taylor in that certain litigation styled RedHawk Holdings Corp. and Beechwood Properties, LLC vs, Craig Investments, LLC and Howard J. Taylor (the "Litigation") filed on or about November 19, 2015 in the Southern District of New York, Case No. 1:15-cv-09127 in connection with the November 2014 sale of unregistered securities. Currently, Mr. Taylor, through either Concorde Capital Limited ("Concorde") or another entity controlled by Mr. Taylor, owns 18,021,535 shares of RedHawk common stock (approximately 4.9% of RedHawk's outstanding common shares). In exchange for a payment of $42,500 and other consideration provided in the settlement agreement, Mr. Taylor agreed to sell, assign, transfer and/or convey, all of these shares, and the Company agreed to purchase into its treasury, all of these shares of the Company, which together constitute all of the shares of stock of the Company owned by Mr. Taylor and/or Concorde and/or another entity. The Litigation remains pending against Craig Investments, LLC. whose members allegedly own 14,905,915 shares of RedHawk common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 7,452,959 shares of RedHawk common stock at a price of $0.005 per share. Redhawk Reports Second Quarter Results YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / February 16, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today a net loss of $26,709 with revenues of $5,200 for the three month period ended December 31, 2015. The second quarter results included professional fees totaling $137,176 incurred principally in connection with the Company's balance sheet recapitalization program and its strategy to pursue various target acquisitions. These unusually high levels of professional fees were offset with one-time income benefit of $156,697 resulting from the expiration of certain indebtedness. The second quarter 2015 results compare to a net loss of $56,665 loss for the three month period ended December 31, 2014 on minimal revenues for the 2014 second quarter. The second quarter 2014 results included a one-time benefit of $37,351 resulting from the cancellation of certain management fees to former Company executives who were dismissed and not replaced. Excluding this one-time benefit in the management fees, the Company would have reported a net loss of $94,016. Commenting on the second quarter results, Daniel J. Schreiber, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, said, "During the second quarter, we initiated our program to recapitalize our balance sheet. The recapitalization program will continue into the third quarter and will include a $250,000 equity injection from Tom Concannon, our newly appointed Chief Operating Officer, in exchange for 250 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. The balance sheet recapitalization will also include acquisition of an additional 530 Class A Units in the Tower Hotel Fund 2013, LLC in exchange for 1,183 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. The purchase of these additional Class A Units increases our membership ownership interest in the restoration project to approximately 5.5%." "Once the recapitalization program is complete," continued Schreiber, "management will then focus on completing several strategic transactions currently in process or under consideration, developing product awareness, establishing the revenue stream for each of our business units, maximizing profitability and enhancing shareholder value." RedHawk Seeks Damages from Its Former Professionals  38 minutes ago YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / February 8, 2015 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk") announced today that it is seeking third-party damages against Saturna Group Chartered Accountants, LLP, its former accountants, PLS CPAs, its former registered public accounting firm, and MacDonald Tuskey, its former securities attorneys (collectively "the Defendants").   The petition, originally filed by American Medical Distributors, Inc. ("AMD"), on behalf of the stockholders of RedHawk, in United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York (Case No. 15-cv-06532 ADS), is based on disputes under the Asset Purchase Agreement between AMD and RedHawk (formerly known as Independence Energy Corp.). AMD is majority owned and controlled by Daniel J, Schreiber ("Schreiber") and G. Darcy Klug ("Klug"), RedHawk's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. Schreiber and Klug collectively own 67% of the outstanding shares of RedHawk. The lawsuit alleges the Defendants assisted RedHawk's former management in overstating the disclosed valuation of RedHawk's ownership interest in certain oil and gas leases and wells thus resulting in irreparable damage to RedHawk and its stockholders. The petition demands "trial by jury" and seeks damages, jointly and severally, from the Defendants of not less than $700,000. Redhawk Medical Products U.K. Ltd. To Market WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control          RedHawk Obtains Exclusive U.K. Distribution Rights          YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / February 2, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that RedHawk Medical Products U.K. Ltd. has entered into a contract for the exclusive distribution rights to WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control ("WoundClot") in the United Kingdom. WoundClot, developed and manufactured in Israel by Core Scientific Creations Ltd., is the first Class III medical device, fully implantable surgical hemostat designed to stop moderate to severe arterial and venous hemorrhage without the need to compress directly onto the wound. WoundClot, made from cellulose, has been uniquely engineered and manufactured with a patented molecular structure, designed to entrap platelets and coagulants in a modified physical molecular matrix. This specific design creates a haemodynamic polymer membrane with high adherence and resilience properties that is able to both withstand extremely high pressure bleeds and immediately reduce blood flow. Simultaneously, the specifically designed functional molecular groups transform to enhance and activate the natural coagulation processes up to five times more efficiently than existing available products. Once the bleeding has stopped and the coagulation cascade has formed, the product can easily be removed, if desired, without disrupting the already-formed clot. Additionally, unlike other available products on the market, WoundClot is fully bio-absorbable and bio-degradable and, if needed, can be left in the wound to degrade safely within seven days. This recently-approved revolutionary technology is currently being used by Israeli first responders and surgeons worldwide. WoundClot is in the final stages of acceptance and approval by the United States military and is currently being field-tested by the Israel Defense Forces and other militaries. WoundClot was first offered for commercial applications in November 2014. RedHawk stated, with the assistance of EcoGen Europe Ltd., its European pharmaceutical partner, that it has agreed to initially market WoundClot to hospitals and emergency rooms in the United Kingdom.  Energy Industry Veteran Appointed to Redhawk's Board of Directors YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / January 14, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today the appointment of Felix C. Spizale ("Mr. Spizale") to its board of directors. Mr. Spizale will replace Edward P. Crowley as part of the Company's transition to a board being comprised of a majority of independent directors. Mr. Spizale's appointment to and Mr. Crowley's resignation from RedHawk's board of directors will be effective February 1, 2016. Mr. Crowley will continue as President of RedHawk Financial Services LLC, the Company's financial services business unit. Mr. Spizale is a 45-year veteran in the energy industry. For the past 14 years, he was a consultant for private companies specializing in oil and gas exploration and petroleum pipeline operations. Prior to his consulting work, he held various engineering, general manager and executive-level positions over his 32-year career at Texaco, Inc. ("Texaco").  Mr. Spizale joined Texaco in 1969 as a petroleum engineer in Texaco's Offshore District in Morgan City, Louisiana. In 1975, he was named Assistant District Petroleum Engineering Manager, responsible for the oversight of Texaco's offshore production in the Gulf of Mexico. In 1976, he was transferred and appointed to become Superintendent of Oil and Gas Processing, and subsequently Construction/Offshore Installation Manager, in charge of the design and construction of Texaco's North Sea Tartan Platform Production Facilities.  Between 1980 and 1991, Mr. Spizale held several managerial positions, responsible for Texaco's domestic onshore and offshore operations. Beginning in 1991, he held managerial positions within Texaco's Rocky Mountain operations, including Assistant to the President for the Denver Exploration and Production Division, Senior Vice President of Finance and Senior Vice President of Texaco's Central and Western Region Operations, responsible for Texaco's pipeline, terminal and marketing operations. In 1998, Mr. Spizale was named General Manager/President of Texaco Pipeline International, LLC which was responsible for identifying and optimizing Texaco's worldwide pipeline opportunities. Mr. Spizale retired from Texaco at the end of December 2001.  Mr. Spizale holds a Bachelor of Science degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Louisiana - Lafayette and is a graduate of the Columbia University Program for Executive Management Development. He is a member of the American Petroleum Institute and the Society of Petroleum Engineering. Over his career, he has held numerous civic and organizational board positions.    RedHawk Completes Medical Device Purchase RedHawk Receives $1.0 Million Working Capital Infusion  YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / January 4, 2016 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today it has completed the previously announced acquisition of certain high-quality medical device technology, including the tangible and intangible assets, for the Disintegrator(TM) Insulin Needle Destruction Unit ("Disintegrator") and the Carotid Artery Non-Contact Thermometer ("CAT"). The Disintegrator is the only needle destruction device approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration. With the acquisition, RedHawk also said it has named the products' inventor, Jason M. Roth, as the President of its medical device business unit, RedHawk Medical Products & Services, LLC ("RedHawk Medical"). Concurrent with completion of the asset acquisition, the Company received from Beechwood Properties, LLC ("Beechwood"), a working capital injection of approximately $1.9 million of cash and marketable securities, net of a $1.0 million, 3.5% per annum, line of credit. The working capital infusion was received in exchange for 1,000 shares of the Company's newly designated 5% Series B Preferred Stock, $1,000 par value. Additionally, Beechwood converted into 100 shares of the Company's 5% Series A Preferred Stock, $1,000 par value, $100,000 of the Company's outstanding obligation to Beechwood. Beechwood beneficially owns approximately 55.8% of RedHawk's outstanding common stock. Mr. G. Darcy Klug, the Company's Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, owns and controls Beechwood. Commenting on the completion of the acquisition of the Disintegrator, Daniel J. Schreiber, Chief Executive Officer, said, "The acquisition of the Disintegrator(TM) and the CAT, combined with the addition of Jason to our management team, is just the first step in building our medical device business unit. Further strategic acquisitions are anticipated. Jason is widely recognized in the medical industry for his creative and inventive medical device talents. He is an exciting addition to the RedHawk management team." "During the 2015 year," continued Schreiber, "We restructured our balance sheet in order to position RedHawk to pursue various strategic acquisitions. With closings of the Disintegrator acquisition and the Beechwood working capital infusion, RedHawk's balance sheet has improved dramatically. We can now focus on closing other previously announced acquisitions and maximizing revenues and profitability" Jason M. Roth said, commenting on the acquisition and his joining RedHawk Medical, "I am thrilled to be associated with RedHawk Medical and to be an integral part of the outstanding RedHawk management team. I believe the Company is well positioned to bring new and exciting medical products into both the U.S. and European medical marketplace. I believe these new and exciting products, combined with additional strategic business combinations currently under consideration, will help accelerate the growth of RedHawk Medical." "I invented the Disintegrator to address two huge problems which currently plague the medical industry - needle sticks and hazardous waste disposal. The U. S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that more than a half-million accidental sticks occur annually, with many of those injuries going unreported. In addition to potential threats to medical professionals, sharps often end up in recycling centers where workers who come into contact with the used needles can be hurt, or worse, contract life-threatening disease." "Legislators have passed laws to make it illegal to throw needles and sharps into the trash, but they didn't mandate a system to safely dispose of them. Because needles are considered hazardous medical waste, used needles must be placed in puncture-proof containers and taken to special drop-off sites. Many times, patients have to travel a long-distance to safely dispose the needles but some of these patients are elderly or too ill to travel these long distances. Although, they can pay to participate in a disposal program through the mail, wherein used needles are shipped in safe containers to disposal sites, these programs can be expensive." "Because of the growing problem of needle sticks and hazardous waste disposal that continues to plague the medical industry, I created the Disintegrator. Using proprietary technology that creates an electric arc, the unit safely converts a used needle into a safe, powder residue in a matter of a few seconds. The powder residue is then no longer considered a hazardous material and can be safely disposed with the normal household waste."    Thomas J. Concannon to Join Redhawk         ?YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / December 10, 2015 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that Thomas J. Concannon will join the Company effective February 1, 2016 as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Upon joining RedHawk, Mr. Concannon will be appointed to become a member of the Company's board of directors. Mr. Concannon has over 25 years of industry experience and has worked as a financial consultant in private industry since 2013.          Between 2010 and 2013, Mr. Concannon was the Senior Vice President and Secretary for Wolfpack Energy Services, LLC, a Texas-based provider of rental equipment and tubular services to the oil and gas industry. Between 2008 and 2010, he held a similar senior financial position with RedHawk Energy Corp., an oilfield services company owned by Beechwood Properties, LLC ("Beechwood"). Beechwood is the beneficial owner of approximately 38% of RedHawk's common stock and is owned by G. Darcy Klug, the Company's Chief Financial Officer. Between 1996 and 2006, Mr. Concannon served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Geokinetics Inc., a Nasdaq-listed provider of seismic acquisition and data processing services to the oil and natural gas industry. From 1992 to 1996, Mr. Concannon worked as a private financial consultant for various energy companies. Prior to 1992, Mr. Concannon served as President of NJR Energy, an oil and natural gas exploration company and as a director of its parent company, New Jersey Resources, a New York Stock Exchange Company. Prior to receiving his Juris Doctor degree from St. John's University School of Law, Mr. Concannon earned his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Manhattan College and was a member of the audit staff of PricewaterhouseCoopers.   RedHawk to Acquire Needle Disintegrator(TM) Beechwood Properties, LLC to Inject Up to $1 Million of Working Capital YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / December 2, 2015 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that its wholly-owned medical device subsidiary, RedHawk Medical Products & Services, LLC, has signed a non-binding Letter of Intent ("LOI") to acquire all of the tangible and intangible property rights for the Disintegrator(TM) Insulin Needle Destruction Unit ("Disintegrator(TM)"), the only needle destruction device approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"). Closing is expected to be completed by December 31, 2015. The Company also said that concurrent with the closing of the purchase of the Disintegrator(TM), Beechwood Properties, LLC ("Beechwood") will inject up to $1 million into RedHawk for working capital purposes. Beechwood currently owns beneficially, 37.9% of RedHawk's outstanding common stock. Mr. G. Darcy Klug, the Company's Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, owns and controls Beechwood.  The Disintegrator(TM) is a portable, battery operated, insulin-needle destruction device for use at home primarily by diabetics. The device is intended for the destruction and environmentally friendly disposal of 27-30 guage insulin hypodermic needles that are 5/16 to 1/2 inch in length. It can be used with most insulin pens with disposable insulin syringes from 1/3 to 1 cubic centimeter in volume. The Disintegrator(TM) is used by diabetics for the safe and environmentally friendly disposal of needles following their use and is an effective alternative to hazardous waste needle disposal utilizing sharps containers. The acquired assets will include, but will not be limited to, all matters subject to the Disintegrator(TM) original patent applications, including technical designs, drawings, trademarks, tradenames, FDA documents, clinical test data, and all manufacturing tooling and fixtures. The Company said it will also employ the product's inventor in order to enhance the product's original design, performance and use. The Company said the new design will broaden the product's capabilities beyond home use by diabetics and will then include the use in commercial applications such as hospitals, clinics and non-acute healthcare facilities.  The Company expects to launch its Disintegrator(TM) marketing campaign in Europe and the Middle East starting in 2016 and will initially focus on the diabetic industry. RedHawk said it will utilize the marketing team from EcoGen - Europe in executing its marketing strategy where, in the United Kingdom alone, 700 people per day are diagnosed with diabetes. Since 1996, the number of diabetics in the United Kingdom has more than doubled from 1.4 million to 3.9 million. It is estimated that one in sixteen people in the United Kingdom have either diagnosed or undiagnosed diabetes. Approximately £10 billion annually, or 10% of the country's healthcare budget, is spent on diabetes related costs. In addition, in the United Kingdom alone, over 100,000 needle stick injuries occur each year to healthcare workers resulting in an annual cost burden of over £300 million. RedHawk will issue 60 million restricted shares of its common stock to acquire the Disintegrator(TM) tangible and intangible assets. The restricted shares will vest pursuant to certain agreed upon performance milestones including, but not limited to, the Company's acceptance of new product design and engineering, manufacturing processes, defined gross profit margins, the issuance of final world-wide patent protection and agreed upon sales volumes. Announcing the acquisition of the Disintegrator(TM), Daniel J. Schreiber, RedHawk's Chief Executive Officer, said "The healthcare industry generates hundreds of millions of tons of hazardous waste each year with used needles, some of which find their way into landfills worldwide. The Disintegrator(TM) can save the healthcare industry many millions of dollars annually with this environmentally friendly method for disposing used needles, a hazardous waste product, while establishing a safer workplace for millions of healthcare workers." Schreiber continued, "Needle disposal and needlestick concerns are not isolated to the United Kingdom. OSHA estimates 5.6 million healthcare industry workers in the United States are at risk of occupational exposure to bloodborne pathogens via needlestick injuries. Each year 385,000 needlestick injuries and other sharps-related injuries are sustained by U.S. hospital based healthcare personnel. This equates to an average of around 1,000 sharps injuries per day in U.S. hospitals. Including other non-acute healthcare facilities, it is estimated that 600,000 healthcare personnel incur a needlestick injury each year in the U.S. 40% of injuries occur after use and before disposal of sharp devices, 41% of injuries occur during the use of sharp devices on patients, and 15% of injuries occur during or after disposal. Virtually all healthcare personnel worldwide are at risk of harm from occupational exposures such as needlestick injuries. While nurses sustain approximately half of all needlestick injuries, physicians, housekeeping and maintenance staff, technicians and administrators are also harmed. According to the American Hospital Association, one case of serious infection by bloodborne pathogens can soon add up to $1 million or more in expenditures for testing, follow-up, and disability payments. Costs that are harder to quantify include the emotional cost associated with fear and anxiety from worrying about the possible consequences of an exposure, direct and indirect costs associated with drug toxicities and lost time from work." Closing of the acquisition of the Disintegrator(TM) intellectual properties and related tangible assets is contingent upon, among other things, approval by RedHawk's board of directors, negotiations and acceptance by both parties of a definitive purchase agreement, and the satisfactory completion of legal and financial due diligence. RedHawk Announces First Quarter Results  YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / November 19, 2015 / (IDNG) - RedHawk Holdings Corp. ("RedHawk" or the "Company") announced today that it has reported a net loss of $108,404 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as compared to a net loss of $46,171 for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The $62,233 increase in the net loss was attributable to higher professional fees combined with higher amortization costs, which more than offset lower management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The higher professional fees during the three months ended September 30, 2015 related primarily to increased business transactions and certain regulatory issues. The amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was associated with the March 31, 2014 acquisition of certain intangibles from American Medical Distributors, LLC. There was no amortization expense recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2014.   Commenting on the first quarter results, Daniel J. Schreiber, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said, "We have initiated the program to re-capitalize our balance sheet. This recapitalization allows us to continue pursuing expansion of our land, medical device, pharmaceutical, and financial services business units. The next step in our balance sheet recapitalization includes obtaining the working capital necessary to complete certain previously announced acquisitions." "Negotiations and due diligence are ongoing with the previously announced strategic acquisition targets," continued Schreiber. "During the quarter ending December 31, 2015, we expect to complete the acquisition of the membership interests in the previously announced real estate restoration project in Hilo, Hawaii. Closing of the previously announced European pharmaceutical acquisition is expected to be finalized in early 2016 after completion of ongoing due diligence." Schreiber added, "During the 2015 fiscal year, we focused on re-directing our business strategies. During the 2016 fiscal year, we are focused on identifying and completing strategic transactions with strong growth potential. We believe with this disciplined approach and with management's execution of our business plan and model, RedHawk is well positioned to enhance future shareholder value."  Redhawk Completes Commercial Real Estate Acquisition  RedHawk Initiates Balance Sheet Recapitalization   YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / November 16, 2015 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or "Company") announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, RedHawk Land & Hospitality, LLC ("RedHawk Land"), has completed the previously announced acquisition of certain commercial property currently under long-term lease to the State of Louisiana. The acquisition was effective November 12, 2015. RedHawk acquired the property from Beechwood Properties, LLC ("Beechwood"), which currently owns 34.91% of RedHawk's outstanding common stock. Mr. G. Darcy Klug, the Company's Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, owns and controls Beechwood. Following the transaction, all of Beechwood's interests in the property are held by RedHawk Land. The purchase price for the property was $480,000, and was paid by the Company assuming $265,000 of long-term bank indebtedness ("Note") plus the issuance of 215 shares of the Company's newly designated Series A Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred"). The purchase price of the property was determined by independent third party appraisers commissioned by the financial institution providing the long-term financing for the acquisition, plus the cost of specific security improvements requested by the State of Louisiana. The Series A Preferred has an initial stated value of $1,000 per Series A Preferred share and accrue dividends at a rate of 5.0% of the stated value per year. The Company has the option to pay dividends in cash or through an increase in the stated value. Following the six month anniversary of the issuance of the Series A Preferred, they are convertible into 14,333,333 shares of RedHawk common stock, which amount may be increased pursuant to the provisions of the Series A Preferred to the extent dividends are paid through an increase in the stated value. Each Series A Preferred is entitled to vote on all matters submitted to stockholders, at a rate of ten votes for each share of common stock into which the Series A Preferred may be converted. The Note accrues interest at 5.95% per annum, matures in June 2021 and is secured by the commercial property, including the improvements thereon, and the personal guarantee of Mr. Klug. The commercial property is under lease to the Louisiana Third Circuit Court of Appeals until August 2017, but negotiations are currently ongoing to extend the maturity date of the lease through December 2022. Commenting on the closing of this transaction, Daniel J. Schreiber, Chief Executive Officer, said, "We are recapitalizing our balance sheet in order to pursue strategic, performance-driven opportunities with an emphasis on revenues, profitability and shareholder value. Earlier this week, we announced our intentions to broaden the products offered by our medical unit and expand its operations internationally. Further expansion in this business unit is expected." "Today we are announcing the acquisition of this Lafayette-based commercial property currently under long-term lease to the State of Louisiana," continued Schreiber. "This acquisition initiates the revenue stream for RedHawk Land. We will focus RedHawk Land's attention to completing the previously announced acquisition of the membership interests in the restoration of the iconic Naniloa Hilo Resort located in Hilo, Hawaii. We remain confident we will complete this acquisition by the end of the second quarter." Redhawk To Acquire Stake In European Pharma Company    YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / November 9, 2015 / RedHawk Holdings Corp. (IDNG) ("RedHawk" or "Company") announced today that it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent ("LOI") to acquire a 25% ownership stake in a joint venture (the "Joint Venture") between EcoGen Europe ("EcoGen") and a wholly-owned medical subsidiary of RedHawk. Under the LOI, the Company would have the option to increase its ownership position in the Joint Venture to 49%.   EcoGen holds distribution rights in a number of European countries for the patented anti-infection product Zonis(R) and the manufacturing rights to a number of widely prescribed generic drugs sold in the United Kingdom. In exchange for its 25% ownership stake, the Company will issue to EcoGen 100 million restricted shares of RedHawk common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the LOI, the restricted shares would vest ratably as the Joint Venture achieves certain EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) milestones. Vesting would conclude upon the earlier of the Joint Venture attaining approximately $100 million of cumulative EBITDA or seven (7) years from the closing date. The Company intends to complete the definitive purchase agreement by December 31, 2015 but in no event later than March 31, 2016. The transaction is contingent upon, among other things, approval by RedHawk's board of directors, the negotiation, acceptance and execution of a definitive purchase agreement, acceptance and approval by the shareholders of EcoGen, satisfactory completion of legal and financial due diligence, and the closing of acceptable financing or the receipt of additional equity capital, if necessary.    Independence Energy Amends Its Articles of Incorporation     Oct 16, 2015 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / October 16, 2015 / IDNG, -15.97% - Independence Energy Corp. (the "Company") announced today it that it has amended and restated its articles of incorporation to, among other things, change the Company's name from "Independence Energy Corp." to "RedHawk Holdings Corp." The amended and restated articles were filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on October 12, 2015 and became effective on October 13, 2015. The Company is waiting for regulatory approval to begin trading under its new trading symbol (HAWC) and new CUSIP number (75746Q103).      INDEPENDENCE CONTINUES RESTRUCTURING                                                                             INDEPENDENCE CONTINUES RESTRUCTURING THROUGH JUNE 30, 2015 TRANSITION PERIOD   Youngsville, Louisiana (OTC: IDNG) – Independence Energy Corp. (“Independence”) announced today a net loss of $105,614, or $0.00 per diluted share, for the five month period ended June 30, 2015. The results for the five month period included a $28,860 non-cash charge related to the amortization of certain intangible assets acquired in March 2014. For the comparable five month period ended June 30, 2014, Independence reported a net loss from continuing operations of $142,370 and a net loss of $290,553, or $0.00 per diluted share. **The Company said that on or about August 24, 2015, it expects to file with the Secretary of State for the State of Nevada the shareholder approved Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation that, among other things, officially changes its name to RedHawk Holdings Corp. (“RedHawk”). The Company said that it will initiate trading under the symbol “HAWC” once it has completed the filing of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. Commenting on the transition period results, Daniel J. Schreiber, Independence’s Chief Executive Officer, said, “During the five month transition period ended June 30, 2015, we continued to focus on reducing operating expenses, reviewing prior business activities, completing the disposition of our oil and gas properties, preparing for the recapitalization of our balance sheet and re-directing the future business activities of RedHawk.” “Independence is in advanced talks to complete the acquisition targets previously announced” Schreiber continued. “These acquisition targets are focused on expanding the RedHawk Land & Hospitality LLC business unit through the acquisition of commercial property located in Lafayette, Louisiana and an ownership interest in the iconic Naniloa Hilo Resort located in Hilo, Hawaii.  The Company hopes to complete the purchase of the Lafayette property during the quarter ended September 30, 2015, and the Hilo interest during the quarter ended December 31, 2015. Because some of these targeted acquisitions under consideration may impact future operations of our health care business unit, we have deferred, at this time, the decision to internally expand our marketing distribution network for the sale of our digital non-contact thermometers.” Completion of the acquisitions are contingent upon, among other things, satisfactory completion of due diligence, the negotiation and execution of definitive purchase agreements, completion of satisfactory appraisals, and the approval of the transactions by disinterested members of Independence’s Board of Directors.  Redhawk Land & Hospitality to Acquire Investment in Hawaiian Resort                      YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / August 4, 2015 / Independence Energy Corp. (IDNG) announced today that its wholly-owned real estate subsidiary, RedHawk Land & Hospitality, LLC, ("RedHawk") is in advanced discussions to acquire a 5.59% membership interest and a 7.79% net profits interest, in the iconic Naniloa Hilo Resort located in Hilo, Hawaii. Additionally, it is contemplated that as part of this transaction, RedHawk will acquire from Avior Capital LLC ("Avior") the right to purchase, an additional 18.28% membership interest and a 9.14% net profits interest in the venture.   RedHawk said it would acquire the membership interests and the right to purchase from the Schreiber Living Trust (the "Trust"), Beechwood Properties, LLC ("Beechwood") and Avior. The Trust and Beechwood collectively own 51.24% of the Independence Energy Corp.'s outstanding common stock. Mr. Dan Schreiber, Independence Energy Corp.'s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, has voting control over the assets of the Trust and Avior, while Mr. G. Darcy Klug, Independence Energy Corp.'s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, owns and controls Beechwood. Following this proposed transaction, all of Avior's, the Trust's and Beechwood's interests in this project will be held by RedHawk. In December 2013, the Trust and Beechwood participated with WHR LLC in the $7 million acquisition of the historic Naniloa Hilo Resort. Recently, all necessary governmental approvals have been secured and satisfactory financing arranged to commence a $20 million restoration of the 388 room hotel. Restoration is expected to be completed in early 2016. When completed, the resort will be re-branded as The Hilo Doubletree by Hilton and Golf Resort at the Naniloa in Hilo, Hawaii, and will be managed by Aqua Hospitality, Inc. Independent third party appraisers commissioned by the bank providing the restoration financing have estimated that the hotel will be worth $71,500,000 after restoration is complete and $102,000,000 after a three-year stabilization period under the Hilton flag. A definitive purchase agreement for the membership interest, the net profits interests and the assignment of the right to purchase is anticipated to be completed and executed by RedHawk, Avior, the Trust and Beechwood within ninety (90) days of this announcement. Closing of the transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of Independence Energy Corp.'s fiscal year ending June 30, 2016. The transaction is contingent upon, among other things, approval by the Independence Energy Corp. board of directors, the negotiation and acceptance of a mutually agreed upon purchase price, execution of a definitive purchase agreement, consent of the other project investors to the assignment of the membership and net profits interests by the Trust and Beechwood to RedHawk, the transfer of the Avior right to purchase, satisfactory completion of legal due diligence, and the closing of acceptable financing or additional equity capital, if necessary.  Independence to Change Name to Redhawk Holdings Corp.; Will Change to June 30 Year End                      YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / May 28, 2015 / Independence Energy Corp. (IDNG)("Independence" or "Company") announced today that its board of directors has authorized the Company to initiate the process of seeking shareholder approval to change the corporate entity name to RedHawk Holdings Corp. ("RedHawk"). When the process is complete, the Company intends to make application for a new "CUSIP" number and a new trading symbol.   The Company believes the new name will better reflect the future direction of the business. The Company also said its health care business unit will operate as a fully-owned subsidiary of RedHawk under the name Independence Health Corp., LLC. In addition to the name change, the Company's board of directors has approved a change in the Company's year end from January 31 to June 30. The company believes the change in year end will better reflect the operating cycles of its investment portfolio. In connection with the change in year end, the Company will report a transition period for the five (5) months beginning February 1, 2015 and ending June 30, 2015.     Redhawk Land & Hospitality to Acquire Commercial Real Estate                    YOUNGSVILLE, LA / ACCESSWIRE / June 29, 2015 / (IDNG) - Independence Energy Corp. ("Independence" or "the Company") announced today that RedHawk Land & Hospitality, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has tentatively agreed to acquire from Beechwood Properties, LLC ("Beechwood"), certain commercial real estate currently under long-term lease to the State of Louisiana. Beechwood owns 35.39% of the Company's outstanding common stock, and is owned and controlled by G. Darcy Klug, the Company's Chief Financial Officer.   The property to be acquired was built in the early 1930's and is located in the historic district of Lafayette, Louisiana. The property was acquired by Beechwood in 2008 and following a renovation and restoration completed in 2010, has been under a long-term lease agreement with the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals for the State of Louisiana. A definitive purchase agreement for the property is anticipated to be completed and executed by the Company and Beechwood within sixty (60) days of this announcement, and the closing of the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter of the Company's fiscal year ending June 30, 2016. The transaction is contingent upon board approval, the negotiation and acceptance of a mutually agreed upon purchase price and execution of a definitive purchase agreement, assignment of the existing lease agreement to the Company, satisfactory completion of legal due diligence and appraisals, and the closing of acceptable debt financing.        ***FDA approved Thermal Scanner*** ***Effective prevention tool against EBOLA*** Effective JULY 2, 2014   Visit: http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/IDNG/company-info to see complete details.  Independence Energy Corp. is Active on the Nevada Secretary of State site: http://nvsos.gov/sosentitysearch/CorpDetails.aspx?lx8nvq=CBwSAwKRC3a4pW%252bE3xV7Sw%253d%253d&nt7=0    Incorporated In: Nevada in 2012  Transfer Agent:  Transfer Online, Inc. 512 SE Salmon Street Portland, OR 97214 Phone: 503-227-2950  http://www.transferonline.com info@transferonline.com        http://finance.yahoo.com/q/h?s=idng    Contact Us:  REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP. 219 Chemin Metairie Road Youngsville, Louisiana 70592  Phone: 337-269-5933  About RedHawk Holdings Corp. RedHawk Holdings Corp., formerly Independence Energy Corp., is a diversified holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of branded generic pharmaceutical drugs, commercial real estate investment and leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security systems, and specialized financial services. Through its medical products business unit, the Company sells WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control, the Disintegrator™ Insulin Needle Destruction Unit, the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer and Zonis®. Its real estate leasing revenues are generated from various commercial properties under long-term lease. Additionally, RedHawk's real estate investment unit holds limited liability company interest in various commercial restoration projects in Hawaii. The Company's financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services. RedHawk Energy holds the exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System, a unique, closed cabinet, nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner.  










            IDNG
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        







            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















IDNG Detailed Quote









1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y


















IDNG News: Quarterly Report (10-q)

06/14/2017 03:34:03 PM



IDNG News: Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q)

05/12/2017 10:24:05 AM



IDNG News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

05/05/2017 11:42:03 AM



IDNG News: Quarterly Report (10-q)

03/13/2017 04:09:15 PM



IDNG News: Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q)

02/14/2017 04:27:00 PM










Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (83)


Hide Intro


View Posters


IDNG Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older


#25769
                                 

RedHawk Holdings Corp Latest News!! 

kenray25
06/14/17 04:26:48 PM


#24547
                                 

Schrieber was not playing nicely...
Got Slapped with
A lawsuit:

https://globene

MNKD_RISE
01/31/17 04:37:12 PM


#22120
                                 

$IDNG NEWS OUT!

kenray25
07/11/16 10:11:51 AM


#25985
                                 
                            
Not this year.

BL28
07/28/17 09:08:06 PM


#25984
                                 
                            
Not today.

Gooddolphin
07/28/17 02:54:58 PM


#25983
                                 
                            
Noticing that bid support alone could take this

Gooddolphin
07/27/17 01:14:54 PM


#25982
                                 
                            
Agreed

LarryBear40
07/27/17 12:45:49 PM


#25981
                                 
                            
Share price says it all.

Gooddolphin
07/27/17 12:42:40 PM


#25980
                                 
                            
IDNG is NOT a pressure cooker at this

Gooddolphin
07/27/17 12:42:13 PM


#25979
                                 
                            
Pressure Cooker?  That's hilarious.

LarryBear40
07/27/17 10:00:29 AM


#25978
                                 
                            
Real talk

reaper8555
07/26/17 10:31:38 PM


#25977
                                 
                            
IMO...JUST FISHERMEN FISHING FOR SHARES...GETTING READY IMO$$$$$

neilsnoah
07/26/17 07:52:11 PM


#25976
                                 
                            
COOKER IMO REDHAWK LONG  AND STRONG JUDGE!!! IMO!

sony12
07/26/17 07:39:20 PM


#25975
                                 
                            
WATCH WHEN REDHAWK LAYS THE GOLDEN EGG...IMO$$$$$

neilsnoah
07/26/17 07:39:06 PM


#25974
                                 
                            
IMO ... pps says it all.

Gooddolphin
07/26/17 06:42:17 PM


#25973
                                 
                            
I disagree this is a pressure cooker for

runner2800
07/26/17 06:33:40 PM


#25972
                                 
                            
Definitely Not a pressure cooker.

Gooddolphin
07/26/17 05:38:50 PM


#25971
                                 
                            
Is this the 52 week low?.... (if not,

Gooddolphin
07/26/17 05:38:08 PM


#25970
                                 
                            
IDNG ... No one is buying anything.

Gooddolphin
07/26/17 05:36:22 PM


#25969
                                 
                            
Tic tic tic tic tic....ready for the booom!

MNKD_RISE
07/26/17 03:58:51 PM


#25968
                                 
                            
LOL...THANKS...CHEERS...HERE'S TO REVENUES...WHOSE GOING TO BUY THE NEXT ROUND?

neilsnoah
07/26/17 03:24:11 PM


#25967
                                 
                            
one for each shareholders!

MNKD_RISE
07/26/17 03:16:43 PM


#25966
                                 
                            
ALL THE WINKLES WILL TRY TO LOAD THERE

neilsnoah
07/26/17 02:06:29 PM


#25965
                                 
                            
Thumbs up on that one

reaper8555
07/25/17 11:47:21 PM


#25964
                                 
                            
????????

reaper8555
07/25/17 11:44:01 PM


#25963
                                 
                            
I'M IN FOR A GOOD CHESS GAME AS

neilsnoah
07/25/17 03:36:30 PM


#25962
                                 
                            
True. That's extremely important. Glad legal made that

MNKD_RISE
07/25/17 12:17:33 PM


#25961
                                 
                            
IMO...JUDGE WANT TO MAKE IT VERY CLEAR THAT

neilsnoah
07/25/17 12:13:43 PM


#25960
                                 
                            
Appears I'm the only one here today...

Gooddolphin
07/25/17 10:05:18 AM


#25959
                                 
                            
Heck..  take it on down.

Gooddolphin
07/25/17 09:53:27 AM


#25958
                                 
                            
400 share bid whack?...  (really?)

Gooddolphin
07/25/17 09:42:56 AM


#25957
                                 
                            
52 week low...  right around the corner...

Gooddolphin
07/25/17 09:42:05 AM


#25956
                                 
                            
BUT VERY GOOD FOR REDHAWK AND BEECHWOOD...IMO!!!

neilsnoah
07/24/17 11:28:34 PM


#25955
                                 
                            
WE DO NOT WANT A SETTLEMENT AGAINST A TRUST!!!

neilsnoah
07/24/17 11:22:03 PM


#25954
                                 
                            
I previously said litigation would take a while

bloodhound15
07/24/17 10:31:38 PM


#25953
                                 
                            
REDHAWK LONG AND STRONGER!!! IMO!

sony12
07/24/17 10:14:34 PM


#25952
                                 
                            
Discussion of Default Judgement is a "moot" point

MNKD_RISE
07/24/17 08:18:58 PM


#25951
                                 
                            
NEILS...WHAT YOU SAYING?? REDHAWK LONG!

sony12
07/24/17 07:20:14 PM


#25950
                                 
                            
WHY THE AMENDED COMPLAINT AND SUMMONS...DOCKET 20 AND 21???

neilsnoah
07/24/17 02:55:13 PM


#25949
                                 
                            
I HOPE ALL LONG ARE READING THE LAST

neilsnoah
07/24/17 02:06:56 PM


#25948
                                 
                            
It would've been nice to have the chart

reaper8555
07/24/17 12:50:41 PM


#25947
                                 
                            
Thank you for your input Shakedown!

Gooddolphin
07/22/17 08:55:47 PM


#25946
                                 
                            
Very good breakdown Shakedown. I'm still very hopeful

laundryguy
07/22/17 06:36:34 PM


#25945
                                 
                            
IMO From what i can read in the

Shakedown
07/22/17 03:59:54 PM


#25944
                                 
                            
LAST WEEK SOMEONE HAD A BID OF 400,000

sony12
07/21/17 10:06:10 AM


#25943
                                 
                            
Same camp as you and others.

Gooddolphin
07/21/17 10:04:45 AM


#25942
                                 
                            
YEP A FEW !! WISH IMO COURT THING

sony12
07/21/17 10:03:55 AM


#25941
                                 
                            
Be nice to see some bidding... (bid support activity)...

Gooddolphin
07/21/17 09:58:47 AM


#25940
                                 
                            
You still buying?

Gooddolphin
07/21/17 09:54:13 AM


#25939
                                 
                            
REDHAWK LONG AND STRONG!!!

sony12
07/20/17 06:02:25 PM


#25938
                                 
                            
IMO... Convoluted to say the least.

Gooddolphin
07/20/17 09:54:52 AM


#25937
                                 
                            
Well, we are at that stage where Schreiber

MNKD_RISE
07/20/17 09:05:44 AM


#25936
                                 
                            
In layman terms...   what the heck

Gooddolphin
07/20/17 07:40:05 AM

PostSubject< Older
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (83)


Hide Intro


View Posters


IDNG Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled














            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        



























 





 SECGems: ENERGY PLUS NATURAL GAS LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 ENERGY PLUS NATURAL GAS LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
27













	 
	
	 211 CARNEGIE CENTER
	 
	
	
	   PRINCETON, 
	   NJ, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   609-524-4500    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2012-01-13ENERGY PLUS NATURAL GAS LLC


2011-12-29ENERGY PLUS NATURAL GAS LP2011-11-14








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001534869
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
273309340










All related persons/companies# Filings





 ACE ENERGY, INC. (0001618641) 


13




 ALLIED HOME WARRANTY GP LLC (0001572059) 


9




 ALLIED WARRANTY LLC (0001572040) 


18




 ARTHUR KILL POWER LLC (0001114677) 


27




 ASTORIA GAS TURBINE POWER LLC (0001114678) 


27




 BAYOU COVE PEAKING POWER, LLC (0001618660) 


13




 BIDURENERGY, INC. (0001618645) 


13




 CARBON MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS LLC (0001508232) 


27




 CIRRO ENERGY SERVICES, INC. (0001618646) 


13




 CIRRO GROUP INC (0001173247) 


13




 CLEAN EDGE ENERGY LLC (0001508233) 


27




 CONEMAUGH POWER LLC (0001286903) 


27




 CONNECTICUT JET POWER LLC (0001114679) 


27




 COTTONWOOD DEVELOPMENT LLC (0001508212) 


27




 COTTONWOOD ENERGY CO LP (0001508217) 


27




 COTTONWOOD GENERATING PARTNERS I LLC (0001508214) 


27




 COTTONWOOD GENERATING PARTNERS II LLC (0001508215) 


27




 COTTONWOOD GENERATING PARTNERS III LLC (0001508216) 


27




 COTTONWOOD TECHNOLOGY PARTNERS LP (0001508218) 


27




 Cabrillo Power I, LLC (0001379860) 


27




 Cabrillo Power II, LLC (0001379861) 


27




 DEVON POWER LLC (0001114680) 


27




 DUNKIRK POWER LLC (0001114681) 


27




 EASTERN SIERRA ENERGY CO (0001286899) 


27




 EL SEGUNDO POWER II LLC (0001286898) 


27




 ELBOW CREEK WIND PROJECT LLC (0001508234) 


17




 ENERGY ALTERNATIVES WHOLESALE, LLC (0001571975) 


19




 ENERGY CHOICE SOLUTIONS LLC (0001691670) 


7




 ENERGY CURTAILMENT SPECIALISTS, INC. (0001618647) 


13




 ENERGY PLUS HOLDINGS LLC (0001534836) 


27




 ENERGY PLUS NATURAL GAS LP (0001534869) 


28




 ENERGY PROTECTION INSURANCE CO (0001524689) 


27




 EVERYTHING ENERGY LLC (0001571978) 


19




 El Segundo Power, LLC (0001379862) 


27




 FORWARD HOME SECURITY, LLC (0001626916) 


10




 GCP Funding Company, LLC (0001379864) 


27




 GREEN MOUNTAIN ENERGY CO (0001170136) 


27




 GREEN MOUNTAIN ENERGY CO (NY COM) LLC (0001572031) 


19




 GREEN MOUNTAIN ENERGY CO (NY RES) LLC (0001572030) 


6




 GREGORY PARTNERS, LLC (0001618650) 


13




 GREGORY POWER PARTNERS, LLC (0001618651) 


13




 HUNTLEY POWER LLC (0001114682) 


27




 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE LLC (0001534861) 


27




 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC (0001534847) 


27




 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY NATURAL GAS LLC (0001534859) 


27




 INDIAN RIVER OPERATIONS INC (0001286896) 


27




 INDIAN RIVER POWER LLC (0001286895) 


27




 KEYSTONE POWER LLC (0001286892) 


27




 LONE STAR A/C & APPLIANCE REPAIR, LLC (0001572041) 


19




 LOUISIANA GENERATING LLC (0001126955) 


27




 Langford Wind Power, LLC (0001464203) 


27




 MERIDEN GAS TURBINES LLC (0001524744) 


27




 MIDDLETOWN POWER LLC (0001114683) 


27




 MONTVILLE POWER LLC (0001114684) 


27




 NEO CORP (0001286887) 


27




 NEO FREEHOLD GEN LLC (0001286965) 


23




 NEO FREEHOLD-GEN LLC (0001286965) 


23




 NEO POWER SERVICES INC (0001286960) 


27




 NORWALK POWER LLC (0001114685) 


27




 NRG ADVISORY SERVICES LLC (0001691671) 


7




 NRG AFFILIATE SERVICES INC (0001286950) 


27




 NRG ARTESIAN ENERGY LLC (0001508206) 


27




 NRG ARTHUR KILL OPERATIONS INC (0001286947) 


27




 NRG ASTORIA GAS TURBINE OPERATIONS INC (0001286943) 


27




 NRG BAYOU COVE LLC (0001286942) 


27




 NRG Business Solutions LLC (0001572031) 


13




 NRG CABRILLO POWER OPERATIONS INC (0001286941) 


27




 NRG CALIFORNIA PEAKER OPERATIONS LLC (0001286917) 


27




 NRG CONNECTED HOME LLC (0001626914) 


10




 NRG CONNECTICUT AFFILIATE SERVICES INC (0001286915) 


27




 NRG CURTAILMENT SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS LLC (0001618653) 


7




 NRG CURTAILMENT SOLUTIONS LLC (0001618653) 


13




 NRG CURTAILMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. (0001618647) 


7




 NRG Cedar Bayou Development Company, LLC (0001464204) 


27




 NRG Construction, LLC (0001464205) 


27




 NRG DEVON OPERATIONS INC (0001286914) 


27




 NRG DISPATCH SERVICES LLC (0001571962) 


19




 NRG DISTRIBUTED GENERATION PR LLC (0001626833) 


10




 NRG DUNKIRK OPERATIONS INC (0001286913) 


27




 NRG Development CO Inc. (0001346866) 


27




 NRG ECOKAP HOLDINGS LLC (0001691583) 


7




 NRG EL SEGUNDO OPERATIONS INC (0001286911) 


27




 NRG ENERGY EFFICIENCY-L LLC (0001626909) 


10




 NRG ENERGY EFFICIENCY-P LLC (0001626911) 


6




 NRG ENERGY LABOR SERVICES LLC (0001524694) 


27




 NRG ENERGY SERVICES GROUP LLC (0001524695) 


27




 NRG ENERGY SERVICES INTERNATIONAL INC. (0001618655) 


13




 NRG ENERGY SERVICES LLC (0001508221) 


27




 NRG ENERGY, INC. (0001013871) 


27




 NRG GREENCO LLC (0001691588) 


7




 NRG Generation Holdings, Inc. (0001379871) 


27




 NRG HOME & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LLC (0001571961) 


19




 NRG HOME SOLUTIONS LLC (0001572014) 


19




 NRG HOME SOLUTIONS PRODUCT LLC (0001571960) 


19




 NRG HOMER CITY SERVICES LLC (0001572013) 


19




 NRG HQ DG LLC (0001626912) 


10




 NRG HUNTLEY OPERATIONS INC (0001286910) 


27




 NRG Home Services LLC (0001572041) 


7




 NRG IDENTITY PROTECT LLC (0001571959) 


19




 NRG ILION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (0001524696) 


27




 NRG ILION LP LLC (0001524697) 


27




 NRG INTERNATIONAL LLC (0001286909) 


27




 NRG MAINTENANCE SERVICES LLC (0001524698) 


27




 NRG MEXTRANS INC. (0001524699) 


27




 NRG MIDATLANTIC AFFILIATE SERVICES INC (0001286907) 


27




 NRG MIDDLETOWN OPERATIONS INC (0001286884) 


27




 NRG MONTVILLE OPERATIONS INC (0001286883) 


27




 NRG NEW JERSEY ENERGY SALES LLC (0001286981) 


17




 NRG NEW ROADS HOLDINGS LLC (0001286980) 


27




 NRG NORTH CENTRAL OPERATIONS INC (0001286979) 


27




 NRG NORTHEAST AFFILIATE SERVICES INC (0001286972) 


27




 NRG NORWALK HARBOR OPERATIONS INC (0001286970) 


27




 NRG OPERATING SERVICES INC (0001286967) 


27




 NRG OSWEGO HARBOR POWER OPERATIONS INC (0001286983) 


27




 NRG PACGEN INC. (0001524700) 


27




 NRG POWER MARKETING INC


27




 NRG POWER MARKETING LLC (0001286982) 


27




 NRG Portable Power LLC (0001571951) 


13




 NRG RELIABILITY SOLUTIONS LLC (0001572026) 


19




 NRG RENTER'S PROTECTION LLC (0001571955) 


19




 NRG RETAIL LLC (0001508257) 


27




 NRG RETAIL NORTHEAST LLC (0001618656) 


13




 NRG ROCKFORD ACQUISITION LLC (0001524701) 


27




 NRG SAGUARO OPERATIONS INC (0001286985) 


27




 NRG SECURITY LLC (0001571953) 


19




 NRG SIMPLYSMART SOLUTIONS LLC (0001524693) 


27




 NRG SOUTH CENTRAL AFFILIATE SERVICES INC (0001286988) 


27




 NRG SOUTH CENTRAL GENERATING LLC (0001124468) 


27




 NRG SOUTH CENTRAL OPERATIONS INC (0001286987) 


27




 NRG SPV #1 LLC (0001691589) 


7




 NRG Services CORP (0001346871) 


27




 NRG South Texas, LP (0001379872) 


27




 NRG TEXAS GREGORY LLC (0001575869) 


17




 NRG Texas C&I Supply LLC (0001464206) 


27




 NRG Texas Holding Inc. (0001464207) 


27




 NRG Texas Power, LLC (0001464208) 


27




 NRG Texas, LLC (0001379873) 


27




 NRG UNEMPLOYMENT PROTECTION LLC (0001571951) 


19




 NRG WARRANTY SERVICES LLC (0001572057) 


19




 NRG WEST COAST LLC (0001286989) 


27




 NRG WEST COST LLC


27




 NRG WESTERN AFFILIATE SERVICES INC (0001286990) 


27




 New Genco GP, LLC (0001379869) 


27




 O'BRIEN COGENERATION, INC. II (0001524745) 


27




 ONSITE ENERGY, INC. (0001524809) 


27




 OSWEGO HARBOR POWER LLC (0001114686) 


27




 PENNYWISE POWER LLC (0001508219) 


8




 RE RETAIL RECEIVABLES, LLC (0001508225) 


27




 RELIANT ENERGY NORTHEAST LLC (0001524746) 


27




 RELIANT ENERGY POWER SUPPLY, LLC (0001508230) 


27




 RELIANT ENERGY RETAIL HOLDINGS LLC (0001255504) 


27




 RELIANT ENERGY RETAIL SERVICES LLC (0001255506) 


27




 RERH HOLDINGS, LLC (0001508213) 


27




 Reliant Energy Texas Retail LLC (0001464210) 


8




 SAGUARO POWER LLC (0001286993) 


27




 SOMERSET OPERATIONS INC (0001286991) 


27




 SOMERSET POWER LLC (0001114687) 


27




 TEXAS GENCO HOLDINGS INC (0001188303) 


27




 Texas Genco Financing Corp. (0001379876) 


27




 Texas Genco GP, LLC (0001379877) 


27




 Texas Genco LP, LLC (0001379859) 


27




 Texas Genco Operating Services, LLC (0001379858) 


27




 Texas Genco Services, LP (0001379857) 


27




 US RETAILERS LLC (0001572043) 


19




 VIENNA OPERATIONS INC (0001286995) 


27




 VIENNA POWER LLC (0001286906) 


27




 WCP (Generation) Holdings, LLC (0001379855) 


27




 West Coast Power, LLC (0001379854) 


27







 








db
 
 















































Vincennes University (Vincennes) - Course Hero












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


Schools


Vincennes






* We aren't endorsed by this school




Vincennes University (Vincennes) **
School Info 
Vincennes University (Vincennes) has 75 departments in Course Hero with 1,182 documents and 24 answered questions.




Vincennes, Indiana





Application





Enrolled Students:
 19,205


Enrolled Undergraduates:
 19,205


Source
								National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015. Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented.




* We aren't endorsed by this school




 


Popular Departments


ACCT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


431 Documents 3 Q&As 


CHEM


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


87 Documents 6 Advice 


ENGL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


73 Documents 8 Advice 


MGMT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


56 Documents 12 Q&As 1 Advice 


ENG

62 Documents 


BIOL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


44 Documents 1 Q&A 7 Advice 







Find your department








All Departments (75)
'{[deptFilter.toUpperCase()]}' Departments ({[filteredDepartments.length]})


All
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9








ACCT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


431 Documents 3 Q&As 


AFLT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


AGBS


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


AMNT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


ARCH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


4 Advice 


ARTT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


3 Advice 


ASLG


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


12 Documents 3 Advice 


AUTO


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


3 Advice 


BCOM

10 Documents 


BCST


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


BIOL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


44 Documents 1 Q&A 7 Advice 


BLAW


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


24 Documents 1 Q&A 


BMR

1 Document 


BODY


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


BUSINESS

2 Documents 1 Advice 


CDFS

10 Documents 


CHEM


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


87 Documents 6 Advice 


CIMT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


3 Advice 


CIS

9 Documents 


CMET


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


13 Documents 


COMM

1 Document 


COMP


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


7 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


CORR


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


CPNS


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


12 Documents 


DESN


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


10 Documents 1 Advice 


DRAF


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


6 Documents 


ECON


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


28 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


EDUC


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Document 1 Advice 


ELEC


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


22 Documents 


EMAP


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


10 Documents 


EMTB


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Advice 


ENG

62 Documents 


ENGL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


73 Documents 8 Advice 


ENGLISH

2 Documents 


ENVIORNMEN

1 Document 


ERTH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


25 Documents 2 Advice 


FACS


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


29 Documents 1 Advice 


FINANCIAL 

1 Document 1 Q&A 


FIRE


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


FUNERAL

1 Advice 


HIMT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Document 1 Advice 


HIST


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Documents 1 Q&A 2 Advice 


HLTH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


HSPS


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


4 Documents 


HUMH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


LAW

23 Documents 1 Q&A 


LAWC


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Document 2 Advice 


LAWE


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


3 Advice 


LFSC


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


8 Documents 1 Advice 


LITR


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


4 Documents 2 Advice 


MARKETING

1 Advice 


MATH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


12 Documents 1 Q&A 7 Advice 


MATT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Advice 


MGMT


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


56 Documents 12 Q&As 1 Advice 


MUSA


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


MUSI


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Documents 


MUSM


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Advice 


NURS


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


39 Documents 3 Advice 


OADM


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


10 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


PFWL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


4 Documents 


PHIL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Document 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


PHYS


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


16 Documents 1 Advice 


PRDM


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


10 Documents 


PSYC


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


14 Documents 1 Q&A 15 Advice 


PSYCHOLOGY

1 Document 3 Advice 


RADG


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Advice 


REST


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


1 Advice 


SCIENCE

9 Documents 


SOCL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


7 Documents 1 Advice 


SPAN


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


5 Documents 2 Advice 


SPCH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


3 Documents 2 Advice 


SSKL


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


3 Documents 


TEč

9 Documents 


TECH


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


5 Documents 1 Advice 


THEA


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


2 Advice 





							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						

							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


{[ dept.numDocs | number:0 ]} Document{[dept.numDocs>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numQa | number:0 ]} Q&A{[dept.numQa>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numFlashcardSets | number:0 ]} Flashcard{[dept.numFlashcardSets>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numCourseAdvice | number:0 ]} Advice



{[ filteredDepartmentsMessage ]}





Vincennes School Information



School Facts 
Admissions 
Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 
Students 






School Facts 



Operating Status: Currently operating Campus: Main campus (and distance learning)
Institution Type: 1 

Degree Type:
Highest Degree —Bachelor's Degree Predominant Degree —Graduate Distance Education: On-campus and Online





Admissions 





Admission Requirement





Secondary School Record Secondary School GPA Secondary School Rank Letters of Recommendation Admission Test Score AP Credits 

Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Yes 







Academics 

Degree Details
Available Fields of Study and Degrees

> Accounting and Business/Management
                            


> Accounting Technology/Technician and Bookkeeping
                            


> Administrative Assistant and Secretarial Science, General
                            


> Agricultural Business and Management, General
                            


> Agricultural Engineering
                            


> Agriculture, General
                            


> Aircraft Powerplant Technology/Technician
                            


> Airline/Commercial/Professional Pilot and Flight Crew
                            


> American Sign Language (ASL)
                            


> Anthropology
                            


> Applied Horticulture/Horticulture Operations, General
                            


> Architectural Drafting and Architectural CAD/CADD
                            


> Art Teacher Education
                            


> Art Therapy/Therapist
                            


> Art/Art Studies, General
                            


> Autobody/Collision and Repair Technology/Technician
                            


> Automobile/Automotive Mechanics Technology/Technician
                            


> Avionics Maintenance Technology/Technician
                            


> Banking and Financial Support Services
                            


> Behavioral Sciences
                            


> Biological and Biomedical Sciences, Other
                            


> Biology/Biological Sciences, General
                            


> Building/Construction Finishing, Management, and Inspection, Other
                            


> Business Administration and Management, General
                            


> Business Teacher Education
                            


> Business/Commerce, General
                            


> Carpentry/Carpenter
                            


> Chemical Engineering
                            


> Chemistry, General
                            


> Chemistry, Other
                            


> Child Care and Support Services Management
                            


> Civil Engineering, General
                            


> Commercial and Advertising Art
                            


> Communications Technologies/Technicians and Support Services, Other
                            


> Computer and Information Sciences, General
                            


> Computer Programming/Programmer, General
                            


> Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications
                            


> Computer/Information Technology Services Administration and Management, Other
                            


> Construction Trades, General
                            


> Corrections
                            


> Cosmetology/Cosmetologist, General
                            


> Criminal Justice/Police Science
                            


> Culinary Arts/Chef Training
                            


> Dance, Other
                            


> Data Processing and Data Processing Technology/Technician
                            


> Diesel Mechanics Technology/Technician
                            


> Dietetics/Dietitian
                            


> Drama and Dramatics/Theatre Arts, General
                            


> Early Childhood Education and Teaching
                            


> Economics, General
                            


> Electrical and Electronics Engineering
                            


> Electrical, Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology/Technician
                            


> Electrician
                            


> Elementary Education and Teaching
                            


> Emergency Medical Technology/Technician (EMT Paramedic)
                            


> Engineering Science
                            


> Engineering Technology, General
                            


> English Language and Literature, General
                            


> English/Language Arts Teacher Education
                            


> Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies
                            


> Family and Consumer Sciences/Home Economics Teacher Education
                            


> Family and Consumer Sciences/Human Sciences, General
                            


> Fashion Merchandising
                            


> Fire Science/Fire-fighting
                            


> Food Preparation/Professional Cooking/Kitchen Assistant
                            


> Food Science
                            


> Foreign Languages and Literatures, General
                            


> Funeral Service and Mortuary Science, General
                            


> General Merchandising, Sales, and Related Marketing Operations, Other
                            


> General Office Occupations and Clerical Services
                            


> Geological and Earth Sciences/Geosciences, Other
                            


> Graphic and Printing Equipment Operator, General Production
                            


> Health and Physical Education/Fitness, General
                            


> Health Information/Medical Records Technology/Technician
                            


> Health/Health Care Administration/Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Health/Medical Preparatory Programs, Other
                            


> Heating, Air Conditioning, Ventilation and Refrigeration Maintenance Technology/
                            


> History, General
                            


> Hospitality Administration/Management, General
                            


> Hotel/Motel Administration/Management
                            


> Human Services, General
                            


> Industrial Technology/Technician
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Journalism
                            


> Legal Assistant/Paralegal
                            


> Liberal Arts and Sciences, General Studies and Humanities, Other
                            


> Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies
                            


> Licensed Practical/Vocational Nurse Training
                            


> Logistics, Materials, and Supply Chain Management
                            


> Manufacturing Engineering Technology/Technician
                            


> Massage Therapy/Therapeutic Massage
                            


> Mathematics Teacher Education
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Mathematics, General
                            


> Mechanical Drafting and Mechanical Drafting CAD/CADD
                            


> Mechanical Engineering
                            


> Medical Insurance Coding Specialist/Coder
                            


> Medical Office Assistant/Specialist
                            


> Medical Radiologic Technology/Science - Radiation Therapist
                            


> Mining Technology/Technician
                            


> Music Performance, General
                            


> Music Teacher Education
                            


> Natural Resources/Conservation, General
                            


> Occupational Therapy/Therapist
                            


> Pharmacy Technician/Assistant
                            


> Philosophy
                            


> Photojournalism
                            


> Physical Education Teaching and Coaching
                            


> Physical Sciences
                            


> Physical Therapy Technician/Assistant
                            


> Plumbing Technology/Plumber
                            


> Political Science and Government, General
                            


> Pre-Dentistry Studies
                            


> Pre-Medicine/Pre-Medical Studies
                            


> Pre-Pharmacy Studies
                            


> Pre-Veterinary Studies
                            


> Psychology, General
                            


> Public Relations/Image Management
                            


> Radio and Television Broadcasting Technology/Technician
                            


> Recording Arts Technology/Technician
                            


> Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Restaurant, Culinary, and Catering Management/Manager
                            


> Science Teacher Education/General Science Teacher Education
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Secondary Education and Teaching
                            


> Securities Services Administration/Management
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Security and Loss Prevention Services
                            


> Sheet Metal Technology/Sheetworking
                            


> Social Sciences, General
                            


> Social Work
                            


> Sociology
                            


> Special Education and Teaching, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Sport and Fitness Administration/Management
                            


> Substance Abuse/Addiction Counseling
                            


> Surgical Technology/Technologist
                            


> Surveying Technology/Surveying
                            


> Technical Theatre/Theatre Design and Technology
                            


> Tool and Die Technology/Technician
                            


> Truck and Bus Driver/Commercial Vehicle Operator and Instructor
                            


> Web Page, Digital/Multimedia and Information Resources Design
                            


> Web/Multimedia Management and Webmaster
                            


> Welding Technology/Welder
                            







Highest Degree Academic and Career Counselling Services Employment Services for Students Placement Services for Graduate 

Bachelor's Degree Yes Yes Yes 






Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 



Undergraduate Tuition


In-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$4,752.00


Out-of-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$11,812.00




Undergraduate Costs of Attendance


On—Campus


Total In-State Cost
$13,484.00


Total Out-of-State Cost
$20,544.00





Financial Aid — Freshmen Students
                                                                




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
2,037 90% $395,127.00 $3,275.00 

Grant Aid
1,692 75% $10,198,242.00 $2,620.00 

Student Loan
- 68% $358,566.00 $4,373.00 



Financial Aid — Undergraduate Students
                                                                    




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
5,744 31% $57,965,390.00 $10,091.00 

Pell Grant Aid
3,867 21% $15,405,861.00 $3,984.00 

Student Loan
4,373 24% $30,776,126.00 $7,038.00 



Net Price




Year
Income < 30K
Income 30K — 48K
Income 48K — 75K
Income 75K — 110K
Income > 110K


2014-2015 $8,743.00 $10,136.00 $13,551.00 $15,005.00 $15,472.00 

2013-2014 $8,770.00 $9,913.00 $13,431.00 $14,844.00 $15,198.00 

2012-2013 $8,301.00 $10,258.00 $13,597.00 $14,447.00 $14,616.00 






Students 




Student-Faculty Ratio
17 : 1




















:



Endowment per FTE Enrollment

$3,514
per student






Demographics









Source: National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015
Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented above.




Vincennes Documents (1,182)
Master your classes with homework help, exam study guides, past papers, and more for Vincennes.

 All 
 Assessments 
 Assignments 
 Essays 
 Homework Help 
 Lab Reports 
 Lecture Slides 
 Lesson Plans 
 Notes 
 Reading Lists 
 Rubrics 
 Syllabi 
 Test Prep 


 
Most Recent Documents for Vincennes
View all 






5 pages





                   Small Business Development week 2.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Small Business Development
1
Week 2 Individual Project
Ian Williams
Small Business Development
LCBM490 - 7A
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts
Small Business Development
2
What is the business opportunity?
The business opportunity is to support fast 
            

Register Now



Small Business Development week 2.docx







7 pages





                   apa book Review.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Lanaya Moreno
1443746
1
This book review will be one the book Embedded Sustainability: The Next Big Competitive
advantage by Chris Laszlo and Nayda Zhexembayeva. We will begin by talking about the
authors. Chris Laszlo who has written other books on susta
            

Register Now



apa book Review.docx







11 pages





                   buffalo chicken dip.doc
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Page |1
Buffalo Chicken Dip
Lanaya Moreno
Martie Schrimsher
01/12/16
Page |2
I have a faced paced bar and grill called Kajun Cuisine and we specialize mainly in bar
foods including burgers, fries, subs, sliders, various appetizers and wings. My number one
            

Register Now



buffalo chicken dip.doc







1 pages





                   bribery.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    As a United States citizen and business owner you are aware that any forms of bribery and or price fixing
are illegal even if you are in another country. If bribery or price fixing has been conducted then you can
face serious consequences such as jail tim
            

Register Now



bribery.docx







1 pages





                   What are the 3 major sections on a statement of cash flows.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    When trying to understand a cash flow statement first you must know what it is used for. A cash
flow statement helps you break down your cost and know how much money a business is
generating. The cash flow also allows you to see where your money is being 
            

Register Now



What are the 3 major sections on a statement of cash flows.docx







1 pages





                   Based on my finding I have concluded that there is a knowledge gap from the employee.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Based on my finding I have concluded that there is a knowledge gap from the employee. He or she
doesnt know how to do the job properly and isnt performing as expected. I would take the employee
and go over job descriptions with them to figure out what on 
            

Register Now



Based on my finding I have concluded that there is a knowledge gap from the employee.docx







5 pages





                   Small Business Development week 1.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Small Business Development
1
Week 1 Individual Project
Ian Williams
Small Business Development
LCBM490 - 7A
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts
Small Business Development
2
With clean eating on the rise and people are more concerned with what they are
            

Register Now



Small Business Development week 1.docx







1 pages





                   3 food choices.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    My first choice would be to do a barbecue pork spare rib. My first step in the process would be to
remove the membrane of the spare ribs so I could let the seasoning sit on the actual ribs themselves for
a few hours in the fridge covered up for at least 1
            

Register Now



3 food choices.docx







1 pages





                   Around 8000 B.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Around 8000 B.C early hunters were store fruits and grains not knowing that they were going
bad as we would say now. When this started to happening alcoholic beverages were being
created unbeknownst to us. While beer and wine take two different types of s
            

Register Now



Around 8000 B.docx







1 pages





                   Ancient Egyptians.docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Ancient Egyptians had vast amount of resources to them because of the Nile River. For the rich
and the poor different forms of bread were used in their diets. Often times they would fill the
breads with beans or vegetables for more substance. (Jimmy Dunn 
            

Register Now



Ancient Egyptians.docx







2 pages





                   alcholo storing policy.doc
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Personal Financial Management
            

                                    ECON 208
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    CAJUN CUISINE PROPER ALCOHOLIC PRODUCTS POLICY
Policy
Name:
ALCOHOLIC PRODUCTS POLICY
Approval
Authority:
Ian Williams
Adopted:
04/25/2016
Responsible
Executive:
Kyle Dawnson
Revised:
NA
Responsible
Office:
Purchasing, Storing and
Receiving Dept.
Contact:
            

Register Now



alcholo storing policy.doc







4 pages





                   0538473452_355598.doc
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Introduction to Payroll
            

                                    ACCT 143
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Cornerstones of Financial Accounting, 2nd edition
Rich/Jones/Mowen/Hansen
Check Figures
Check figures are given for selected exercises, problems, and cases
Chapter 7
7-17
Cost of land = $103,200
7-18
Cost of machine = $20,800
7-19
2011 credit to Accumulat
            

Register Now



0538473452_355598.doc







2 pages





                   ACCT 143 Assignment schedule due dates - Summer 2017(1).docx
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Introduction to Payroll
            

                                    ACCT 143
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    XI. Course Calendar/Schedule/Assignments Due by 11:59 pm on the due date listed.
Assignments will become zero after this date.
The instructional schedule below reflects expected class progress. The schedule is subject to change at
the instructors discreti
            

Register Now



ACCT 143 Assignment schedule due dates - Summer 2017(1).docx







2 pages





                   HSPS 310 CHAPTER 4 Assignment
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Homeland Security
            

                                    HSPS 310
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    CHAPTER 4
Introduction to Homeland Security
Chapter 4 Multiple Choice
1. The oldest and best known presidential instructions are:
a. executive orders.
b. military orders.
c. directives.
d. policies.
2. President Clintons main push on the War on Terrorism 
            

Register Now



HSPS 310 CHAPTER 4 Assignment







2 pages





                   HSPS 310 CHAPTER 2 Assignment
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Homeland Security
            

                                    HSPS 310
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    CHAPTER 2
Introduction to Homeland Security
Chapter 2 True-False
1. After its creation, the Department of Homeland Security became the second largest
department in the federal government.
a. True
b. False
2. The creation of the DHS was in the minds of man
            

Register Now



HSPS 310 CHAPTER 2 Assignment







3 pages





                   HSPS 310 CHAPTER 1 Assignment
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Homeland Security
            

                                    HSPS 310
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    CHAPTER 1
Introduction to Homeland Security
Chapter 1 Multiple Choice
1. Only the following ranked higher on the fear index than terrorism victimization:
a. crime against person.
b. burglary and auto theft.
c. crime against property.
d. robbery and auto t
            

Register Now



HSPS 310 CHAPTER 1 Assignment







4 pages





                   HistoryPresentation
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Maisie Lay
Graphic Design I
Prof. Wise
28 November 2016
Lou Dorfsman
Lou Dorfsman was born on April 24th, 1918, on the Lower East side of Manhattan. His
father, Samuel Dorfsman, a sign painter, and his mother, Molly Dorfsman, both immigrants from
poland, 
            

Register Now



HistoryPresentation







9 pages





                   History Presentation
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Lou Dorfsman
By: Maisie Lay
NYU
Cooper Union
Gastrotypographicalassemblage Wall
Sources:
"Lou Dorfsman." Wikipedia. Wikimedia Foundation, n.d. Web. 28 Nov. 2016.
"Lou Dorfsman: Designer of the Golden Age of CBS." Fanboycom RSS. N.p., n.d. Web. 28 Nov. 201
            

Register Now



History Presentation







1 pages





                   ColorWheel
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Maisie Lay

            

Register Now



ColorWheel







4 pages





                   HistoryPresentation
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Maisie Lay
Graphic Design I
Prof. Wise
28 November 2016
Lou Dorfsman
Lou Dorfsman was born on April 24th, 1918, on the Lower East side of Manhattan. His
father, Samuel Dorfsman, a sign painter, and his mother, Molly Dorfsman, both immigrants from
poland, 
            

Register Now



HistoryPresentation







1 pages





                   Colorchart_MaisieLay
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Maisie Lay

            

Register Now



Colorchart_MaisieLay







1 pages





                   110-ColorHarmonies-133
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    DESN110 Visual Design
Color Harmonies	
Color harmonies are color schemes or combinations of colors that create a harmonious effect. Colors that work well
together and are pleasing to the eye. These are general guidelines to help you get started in choosin
            

Register Now



110-ColorHarmonies-133







1 pages





                   110-ColoHamronyProject-163
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    DESN 110 Graphic Design I
Color Harmony/Contrast Design Project
OBJECTIVE	
Create interesting and appealing design that is suitable for demonstrating the different color harmonies and
color contrasts discussed in class to observe the effect color and valu
            

Register Now



110-ColoHamronyProject-163







1 pages





                   110-HistoryProject-163
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    DESN 110 Graphic Design I
Graphic Design History Project
OBJECTIVE	
Research and discover specific information about a particular graphic designer or art movement and share
what you have learned with the entire class. By doing this research, you will lear
            

Register Now



110-HistoryProject-163







1 pages





                   110-FinalProject-163
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    DESN 110 Graphic Design I
Final Project
OBJECTIVE	
Demonstrate all you have learned this semester about the design elements and design principles and their
interrelationships, while creating interesting and appealing designs that visually communicate abst
            

Register Now



110-FinalProject-163







1 pages





                   110-HistoryHandout-163
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Graphic Design I
            

                                    DESN 125
                                        -
                                        Fall 2016
                        

                    DESN110 Graphic Design I
History of Graphic Design - Overview
Major influences on the history of graphic design are:
	 Society moral beliefs, religion, politics, culture, fashion, etc.
	 Technology printing, photography, typesetting, computers, internet, 
            

Register Now



110-HistoryHandout-163







41 pages





                   Micro Study Guide
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Microeconomics
            

                                    ECON 201
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Micro Study Guide
What do economists mean when they state that a good is scarce?
a. There is a shortage or insufficient supply of the good at the existing price.
b. It is impossible to expand the availability of the good beyond the current amount.
c. Peop
            

Register Now



Micro Study Guide







1 pages





                   Untitled.png
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Accounting I
            

                                    ACCT 281
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Attempt 1 cfw_of 1:.
 
Score: 19:20 Points 95 %
 Question 1 cfw_of 20) v 
1 _ Award: 1 outof1.0D point
Which of the following individuals has the most power to inuence corporate policy on a Iong-tenn basis?
0 . A shareholder owning 50% of the outstanding 
            

Register Now



Untitled.png







2 pages





                   Marine Enforcement1
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Marine Law
            

                                    LAW 101
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Sept. 2nd, 2016
Marine Enforcement
Disaster Preparation
Numerous times all over the world disasters occur. Natural disasters things
like hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding and earthquakes. Every time a disaster hits
someone dies and another loses their home.
            

Register Now



Marine Enforcement1







1 pages





                   TECH 300 A & W
                


                        Vincennes
            

                    Workplace Diversity
            

                                    TECH 300
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Jessica Flynn
TECH 300
Appearance and weight
1. Pros to larger customers having two seats is comfort the larger person and other
passengers. Planes are not very spacious anyways. Cons would be the cost of 2 tickets, it
is not cheap to fly and then to have
            

Register Now



TECH 300 A & W








Vincennes Questions & Answers



Showing 1 to 8 of 24
View all 












where are the most reliable scientific results published?
















To estimate the number of people without health insurance in a small town with a population of 10,000, 200 people, picked at random, were polled. Of these 200,
















would you please help with this assignment . Please see attached as well Please use this website for writing paper
















What are the three main objectives of packaging? Please explain and give examples to each.
















Briefly describe the three stages of brand loyalty.
















List and discuss the pros and cons of the four common sense approaches to determining a firm's promotional budget.
















List the six major elements of the physical distribution system along with the focus area for each.
















Describe the role of distribution channels in a firm's marketing strategy.











Vincennes Flashcards

 
Showing 1 to 0 of 0
View all 







Vincennes Courses with Advice


Showing 1 to {[ numOfCoursesWithAdviceToShow ]} of {[ totalNumCoursesWithAdvice ]}
View all 

Sort by:


{[$select.selected.label]}











								{[ courseWithAdvice.deptAcro + " " + courseWithAdvice.courseNum ]}
								{[ courseWithAdvice.courseName ]}
							


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog




(from {[ courseWithAdvice.numCourseAdvice ]} students)





Be the first to share words of wisdom!
You'll get $10 in tutor credits for sharing advice on 3 courses.
Give Advice





Vincennes Top Courses




											ACCT 511										
 (200 Documents)





											ACCT 260 - Cost Accounting										
 (132 Documents)





											CHEM 101 - Elementary Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry										
 (87 Documents)





											ENG 101										
 (62 Documents)





											ACCT 202 - MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING										
 (60 Documents)





											MGMT 100 - Introduction to Business										
 (50 Documents)





											ENGL 101 - Intro to English										
 (43 Documents)





											ACCT 201 - Principles of Accounting I										
 (32 Documents)





											NURS 101 - Nursing Fundamentals Discussion										
 (30 Documents)





											BIOL 111 - Anatomy and Physiology I										
 (28 Documents)







Browse Schools















            Tweet
        








Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 




















Warning: include(/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102

Warning: include(): Failed opening '/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102









Products – GURU Organic Energy


























 











Search

Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


Shopping cart
close








FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ORDERS ABOVE $25



Cart
Checkout
My Account
 








Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


 








close





Search







Cart (o)

0
/
$0.00



















Showing 1–12 of 14 results

Filters




Sort by


Default


Popularity


Average rating


Newness


Price: low to high


Price: high to low


Sort by Sales Rank



 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink 12 oz (12-pack) – Low Calorie USDA Organic Vegan Energy Boost



$32.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$48.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$52.12

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12), Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash



$32.99 $31.58

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99 $9.96

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, 12-Ounce, Variety Pack (12 count)



$30.18

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (24 count)



$52.34

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Pomegranate, 12-Ounce (24 Count)



$52.89

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Sparkling Water with Green Tea Infusion, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Natural Energy Drink, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12)



$32.01 $32.00

Add to cart 






















 Scroll To Top
















DON'T MISS OUT!
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Be the first to learn about the latest news and get exclusive offers.
 
Email address: 



entry_postcode







 




We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. 

Accept







Where To Buy GURU - GURU ENERGY





















































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 





































Where to buy



Online
  
United States



 
 
 
 














Our Story - GURU ENERGY





















































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 





































Our story




Gu-ru / ‘goroō /
Noun:
1. A mentor, a teacher, one who helps you move forward.
2. A source of inspiration and good energy.


GURU
A Story of Organic Growth
Ever since the early days, GURU has always been driven by this idea of crafting the best natural energy drink out there. Founded in Montreal during the summer of 1999 by four college friends, the company marketed the world's first all-natural energy drink.
More than 15 years later, this vision is not only fulfilled but is also thriving and expanding worldwide. GURU has become the #1 Organic Energy Drink in Canada and the US in the Health Channel thanks to a strong network of distribution partnerships and a passionate sales team. 
With research & development at the forefront of our expansion, GURU now tackles a new market and adventure with the recent introduction of our Energy Waters. This new line of product arrives just in time to satisfy a growing demand for organic sugar and calorie-free energy beverages.
In short, GURU has and will always believe that energy should not come at the expense of health. That is what has brought our company a steady and organic growth.
Our Philosophy
Through its corporate philosophy and its beverages, GURU gives good energy for people to make great things, reminding that, with the right dose of will, inspiration and energy, achieving great results is within everyone's reach. 
People today define themselves less by what they have and more by what they do and contribute to the world. Resourcefulness, imagination, inventiveness is today’s new currency. Whether using technology, natural ingredients or just plain common sense, people who Make it Good are the ones who seek to make everything better. We call them Makers.
They are pioneers that never settle. Makers, not followers. Crafters not manufacturers. Some may call them obsessed, exceptional or extraordinary people. But these are men and women who are true innovators, thought leaders and doers in their respective communities. They make the impossible possible.
To learn more visit our blog.



Luc Martin-Privat
Our Brew Master
Meet Luc our Brew Master. He is the brains behind GURU.  In fact, while he could have become your friendly neighborhood pharmacist, Luc had other dreams…
From the functional herbs he started playing with in his dad’s lab to his PhD in Pharmacology, Luc has mastered the art of blending botanicals, an art he is now applying to our beloved GURU.
Always on the lookout for smart organics from around the world, Luc is looking into the GURU recipe “Organically” to make it perfect everytime! And when he is not looking at new ways to craft our GURU, Luc is dreaming about new products!

 














GURU Organic Energy Drink - GURU ENERGY































































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 




































 







GURUOrganic Energy
Buy Now








GURUEnergy Water
Buy Now








Crafted withnatural and organicingredients
See for Yourself 








Always sourcingthe best ingredients
Meet Our Brew Master










GURUOrganic Energy
Buy Now










 
















 




































BUY NOW








Originated in Eastern Asia.A powerful antioxidant. Its caffeine increases mental alertness and reduces fatigue.









Native to the Amazon.Increases mental alertness, stamina, and reduces fatigue.








Originated in Eastern Asia.Traditionally used to boost energy as well as mental and physical activity.






Native to Eastern Asia.Improves memory and reduces fatigue.






Native to the Eastern and Central North America.Stimulates the immune system.









About Us
Good Energy. Smart Organics.We believe there’s a smarter way to provide you with good energy to fulfill your greatest dreams and aspirations. Crafting GURU with natural and organic ingredients is how we do it.

Read our story












15 Jun 2017 • 291
8 Amazing Surf Spots You’ve Never Heard Of
The world is full of exciting surfing spots but what about the ones that are rarely in the limeli...
Lifestyle

Read More









Make it happen
With the right dose of inspiration and energy, anything is possible. Check out these innovators, creators and mavericks in their quest to make great things.


Latest post











front













GURU ENERGY




















































































































Free Shipping On All Orders 





































Reviews




 


Velva A.
California





My sons like energy drinks, but i have always questioned their safety and health-risks.  Guru has made an effort to bring a better product to this popular beverage choice.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Amanda B.
California





has a slight citrus taste, gave me the boost i needed without the crash.  much rather drink this than red bull, rockstar or monster as this is organic!  found my new favorite energy drink pre-workout or just when i'm dragging on certain days.  also it doesn't have a ton of calories, big plus! 
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


yin c.
California





I like the taste ! but bI don't drink energy drunk too often. That's why I'm not going to purchase the product.  But I do recommend people to try and  then they can decide for themselves.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Erick L.
California





This product was tasting and refreshing. It helped provide energy. I'm not sure of the importance of it being vegan for an energy drink though.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


kiven c.
California





The good things I like about this energy drink is very low in calorie and it is organic which I really love because I don't really see any energy drink that is organic. 
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Vianey G.
California





Unfortunately I did not receive the coupon for this in the mail. However, I did try it when I saw it at Sprouts. I liked the flavor but I am not so sure if it helped with my levels of energy. 
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Soila G.
California





The taste is good but the price to get it is so expensive, and is hard to get this product isnt easy to find it in the stores and when you find it dont have to many flavors
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






jeremy G.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks, but this one is an exception to the rule. It's organic, low calorie, non-GMO and contains ingredients that I can actually trust.  I did not experience a crash afterwards. I read that this has to do with the fact that they use naturally-occurring caffeine from Green Tea and Guarana. I don't know why you would drink any other energy drink than this. Definitely loading up on these again soon! Great price not expensive at all!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erob J.
California





Great Taste and quite a Boost. Perfect for tired driving or late night Study! Have quite a few friends that love GURU also and it's Organic.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tiffany M.
California





Definitely better tasting than something like Red Bull---and just as importantly, better smelling.  I can't be the only person who gags at the smell of Red Bull....  In contrast, this stuff is much more palatable, less artificially sweet, and doesn't leave that horrendous aftertaste coating your tongue.    It's harder to find than Red Bull, so when you see it, stock up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


cybastian d.
California





it gave me a great boost to start my day for it was very energizing and what really caught my eye was that it was only ten calories! TEN!    #try natural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Crystal S.
Oregon





I liked the taste and the fact there was no after taste. Seems like a healthier alternative to the rock star drinks I usually drink. The ingredients make it for a less guilty feeling when drinking an energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stephanie S.
California





The product that I used was guru.  I love this product because it's organic all-natural and has no aftertaste or side effects. I would definitely recommend this to all my friends and I will purchase it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Esmeralda E.
California





Delicious with minimal to no crash! I did not feel jittery like I did with other energy drinks! Will definitely purchase again, especially for the 3PM slow...
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lk s.
California





Try Guru Organic Energy drink for organic energy and natural caffeine!  You will like it very much.   It is vegan, non-gmo verified and gluten free also
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Sarah B.
California





Great taste and sustained energy. I really enjoyed this product and how it did not make me jittery like many others will. I will be purchasing again for sure!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jason B.
California





Product has good flavor. But not a fan of energy drinks, however if I did enjoy energy drinks I would is this regularly. While I wouldn't. It this product I would recommend to friends that use energy drinks regularly.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Dila K.
California





It tasty gave me energy I would recommend it to others if you want a natural energy drink I also have gotten it for free but that has not swayed my answer
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Natoshi D.
California





I thought the taste was wonderful. It is nice to see an organic energy drink that burst of flavor.  And is lightly carbonated this is definitely a great drink when you need that extra pep.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Talia H.
California





The energy drink is great to drink in the morning to get rid of the grogginess after a late night. I doesn't bring you up as high as caffeine, but it settles in with your current mood as a stabilizer.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Linda K.
California





Good tasting for an energy drink.  It didn't give me a big rush nor a big crash at the end either. Just a nice drink.  I'd drink it again. Thanks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Geri P.
California





For being a healthier option of energy drink it tasted great! I tried both original and lite.  Crisp, refreshing, and low calorie! I can't wait to buy this again! Thanks!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Adriana F.
California





I loved this energy drink. It really did give me that boost of energy. When going down it didn't hit me as hard as red bull or monster drinks do. #trynatural #gotitfree
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cecilia O.
California





Good product i will recomend it to friends and family to buy  good product i will buy more yay good product  to buy for friends and family thanks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


CHARLES B.
California





Having only tried this once in my life, i was shocked at how well it tasted! It didn't feel super heavy with sugars and carbs like alot of energy drinks can feel like after consuming. I let my coworker try some, he said he really enjoyed how well it tasted. I would probably purchase in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rachel J.
California





Flavorful, lightly carbonated, and provides a burst of much needed energy.  Clean energy without the jitters. I love the organic, natural ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Eva T.
California





Purchased at Vons. Metallic taste and didn't notice an energy boost at all. A bit overpriced and more of a niche product, than a nutritional function type beverage.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Brandy M.
California





Pretty good flavor. It did give me a bit of extra energy to get me through the day. Overall, I liked it. I would recommend this drink to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jhaala C.
California





Tastes soo good I loved the great taste. It is very organic. The drink does give you an immense amount of energy. Its only 5 calories its just FANTASTIC!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Belen L.
California





I enjoyed the drink! I used it an hour before my workout and it helped me through my workout! It helped me feel energized throughout my workout as well. I would definitely use it again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kimberly V.
California





Much lighter and not as sweet as other similar drinks. That it is organic makes it even better. Normally I can not drink energy drinks - but I had no problem finishing this one!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Zin L.
California





Great taste! I love organic energy drinks. 
Very low calories and vegan. Also gluten free so whoever needs the gluten free energy drinks, it's here.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Deborah R.
California





I don't drink energy drinks often, mostly because they don't typically taste great and I drink coffee already. However, I was impressed with Guru. I couldn't put my finger on the flavor at first, but reading the ingredients it was the green tea that leaves a mild aftertaste, kind of like matcha. The nose is citrusy and refreshing. That said, although I stayed perky after drinking it; I would say it's safe for people who only drink caffeine moderately to drink it too, and if you're dead tired it might not make much of a difference. It only has caffeine from the tea, so not at all the "crack" type of artificial energy drink like a Monster or Red Bull, which I think taste gross and are horrible for you!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






mark w.
California





This brand really holds up to the competition. It has great flavor and balance. Plus its better for you then any other energy drink. I would definitely recommend this product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gayle P.
California





This had a pleasant taste and was refreshing after running around all day. It seemed to give me a little energy to be able to stay awake on my date later that night.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lindsey C.
Hawaii





Looks super good. I forgot about the coupon and found it after the coupon had expired. I did end up buying one and it was really good. I loved the flavor and it kept me energized for hours.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dawn J.
California





Enjoyable !! It was a very tasty and light flavored drink.  I usually do not drink energy drinks, but this one was great. I like the fact that it is organic and non GMO !! Gave me a little boost to get threw the day. I would recomend Guru Energy drink to family and friends.  Try it you'll like it !!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michael C.
California





I really enjoyed this drink wasn't overly sweet the right balance of sweetness.  Lite refreshing drink that I would add into my daily lineup
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Darlene G.
California





I love this yogurt it is so good it was sweet and yummy I would eat it every day good for a quick snack and heath snack at that it was soooo delicious
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ronni H.
California





At first glance, I enjoy the packaging. It convenient and perfect for on the go. I definitely enjoyed the taste, it was smooth and refreshing which is a rarity in the energy drink market. I love that it's organic and actually gave me natural energy so I will be adding it to my shopping list to keep on hand!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Melissa E.
California





It had a taste like nothing I've tasted before. For being organic, and I'm not a big health nut or would remotely grab anything off a shelf that said organic on it, but it wasn't half bad. I'd purchase again if I needed a pick me upper and health drink in one:0
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Aurora E.
California





The taste was good and it gave me energy without making me feel jittery. It was difficult to find at first but now I am seeing it around a lot.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maria N.
California





Honestly, I much rather drink this organic energy drink rather then regular energy drinks any day! However, I do not normally drink energy drinks. I prefer to drink my regular vitamins and eat healthy food to get my source of energy for  my days. The taste was okay, I do recommend for those who like to drink their source of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Grace A.
California





No crash, great taste in simple words. Was surprised at the good taste. No aftertaste. Would definitely recommend and purchase again in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Candace E.
California





loved the taste! definitely helped me through my day and had no crash to it.  Not too easy to find but worth the small drive. ill be replacing my usual energy drinks with this one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






LeShaunese F.
California





I was great tasting. I went and purchased myself because I never recieved any thing from social nature for this product. But I did enjoy the product. It gave me a good push of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brotin D.
California





I was extremely pleased with the taste of this drink. There was no bitterness unlike other artificially sweet drinks. The plus point of this drink is that its organic, low calorie and contains ingredients that are not harmful to the body. The caffeine in this drink is derived from natural sources like green tea. So I can have as many drinks I desire without feeling guilty. I tried the Lite version of the drink. The only negative point for this product is the price. Costing around $2 per can is quite expensive!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Irene M.
California





Goodbye monster and Red Bull, no need for Starbucks! This wonderful energy drink was not bitter or too sweet like other energy drinks can br
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stacie J.
California





i haven't had an energy drink in years, but i decided to try the Guru lite version with no sugar. I was not too bad, i would buy it again when I'm feeling a bit sluggish
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Roselie Z.
California





Wow! ORGANIC ENERGY DRINK! I was surprised when i heard there's a healthier alternative for an energetic drink. This one didn't fail me. It really did kept me awake driving long hours. Thanks for giving me the chance ti try it for free. This is my honest and unbiased review
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Andrea E.
California





When it comes to energy drinks, I always prefer to have a more natural drink. With the chemicals and fake flavor of many competitors, this is definitely a healthy alternative to give you that boost you need in your day.  This drink did not give my an amped up feeling or jitters, which I always appreciate. It honestly is a drink I would purchase again. I hope this can pops up on more stores' shelves.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Edgar G.
California





Very organic, had the right amountb orb erthang. I would recommend. I needb to fill these characters up and yeah so I will keep going to bypass this
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Connie L.
California





Tasty and refreshing with a perfect dose of caffeine. I love that's it's low calorie and has naturally occuring caffeine. This is great for a pre or post- workout beverage.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dan H.
California





I like the fact that it's organic and made of quality ingredients. But to be honest, the flavor is not the best I have ever had. I may come back and try it again in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Melody G.
California





Taste surprisingly good! It actually works witch i want expecting. I work retail so Im running from one end if the store to the other. I think I'd but this over Nos.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sarah T.
California





It is a pretty good drink. Taste isn't bad. The only complaint is that I had to go to a certain store  (that is not near me)  to use coupon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Melody K.
California





This was actually the first energy drink I ever tried! I was a little skeptical at first but I thought it was delicious! It was a lovely soda, lots of carbonation, no aftertaste (kind of like a citrus apple cider with tea) but there was a little too much sugar. I pay attention to carb intake as I am Type 1 Diabetic and there was quite a bit of sugar...too much for my taste. I don't even think it needed it but it was still yummy!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






LA C.
California





I'm not big on mainstream energy drinks, so I'm happy that there's a more natural organic variation. I probably won't drink a ton of them, but I would probably try to convert people from drinking big brand energy drinks to drinking GURU. I was happy to find the product provided being sold at Sprouts.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Jasmine C.
California





I really enjoyed drinking this energy drink, i love how it has only 10 calories! Everyone should try this organic, vegan and non-gmo drink. Why isn't this the new thing ? Gatorade should not be the energy drink people chose.  I loved how it boosted me up when I'm trying to get things done without having to worry about the down fall.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nadean C.
California





Great little zing! Would totally buy again. Not flat and it doesn't have carbonation like I'm used to with most energy drinks. Flavor can be compared to a mild sprite minus all the fizz.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kara M.
California





Tastes great! Gave me energy without a crash, but a little difficult to find to purchase. I will purchase some more in the future. Also love that it's organic!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alyssa M.
California





I enjoy that they create organic energy drinks because it's all straight from the source and you wouldn't have to worry about any unnecessary add-ons.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


wendy p.
California





This drink was good, it did not make me feel jittery. I just wish there would be flavors! 😉 Other than that I would recommend this product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lizbeth G.
California





The organic energy its self has an amazing taste at first i was alittle weird about it like should i try it or not but then on the first sip it was really yummy it tasted great. It honestly gave me so much energy, im an active person, i workout, i do alot of things in my day like any other super busy person. I think i would buy it again but im not the type to rely on energy drinks i just wanted to try it to be honest. I would definitely recommend it to any person that needs some extra energy to cope with their day. This is a product that does exactly what it says.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


carmen s.
California





Very good drink that is relatively healthy. Tasted great and made me feel even better! I will definitely be buying this product again in the future!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marybeth M.
California





Tastes great, I got about 2-3 hrs of energy; not as much as a red bill but way better flavor. I found it at sprouts otherwise hard to find..
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Patricia B.
California





Great!  Tasty!  It was much like other energy drinks I've had.  I definitely worked for me.  I would buy it.  I would also recommend it to others.  I did get that tired feeling a couple hours after drinking it, but this is something I get with all energy drinks.  I like that it's organic
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Andrew W.
California





Great, all natural. It gave me great energy for the gym without the nasty sugar crash of other energy drinks. It was also the best size, portable yet enough to give me the proper boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Annie A.
California





The taste was very good sweet and refreshing great for a pre workout! I loved the low calorie count it was so light and the bottle size made it perfect to take in my small purse ♡♡♡♡
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Laura H.
California





Love this drink . Have bought it several times since sampling.  Gives u energy and doesn't make u crash.  I love Guru. Thanks for having me try it ;)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jasmine W.
California





I thought the taste was pretty good and over all product didn't make me jittery.  I would recommend to family and friends for sure. I wish they sold in other flavors
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michelle D.
California





I like how this drink is organic.  It tastes a little bit strange to me, but not bad.  It gave me energy but didn't make me feel jittery like some energy drinks.  I would get this again when I need a boost of energy and want something organic!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Thearry L.
California





This energy drink is actually pretty good tasting, it doesn't feel heavy after I drink it and I feel better drinking it because it doesn't have ingredients you wouldn't want in your body. Overall, I would recommend this.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gaby G.
California





Muy dellicioso producto. No es facil de conseguír en cualquier tienda ..lo que me gusto de este peoducto es que no es como los otros que te dan energía un rato y luego te dan sueño.no esta bebida energética no es asi tiene un sabor muy suave y delicioso te da energia pero no te da sueño despues del efecto de la cafeina ...muy buen jugo!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Irene W.
California





The taste was better than regular energy drinks. After reading the packaging, I felt better about what I was consuming. Price was a bit high but it does seem to have alot of good things about the product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Laura F.
California





i love it, i never try before  and now is my favorite.........................................................................................................
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


valerie s.
California





The taste is not as intense as other energy drinks and I like that. I also like that it is organic, but I think I would like some more choices for flavor. Overall it was a pretty good drink and I might buy it again in place of my other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alexis D.
California





This energy drink was an excellent pick-me-up for my after lunch slump.  Although I wasn't fond of the taste it did a great job of giving me a boost of energy without the jitters.  I would still recommend to a friend.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Justine B.
California





I loved it all around, the taste, the energy was long without a hangover feeling the price is right even though I got mine free! Thank you this will be the first energy drink I'll be grabbing off the shelf!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Carolina C.
California





Great flavor and low in calories. I love the fact that guru energy drink contains natural stimulant such as green tea and guarana seed which also contain antioxidants. I would absolutely recommend this product and will buy it again in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brian R.
California





I was a bit hesitant to try an energy drink as I'd heard some of them make people jittery or make their heart race as side effects. But I decided to give this one a try. I drank this on a day of work that I knew would be busy, and it definitely made a difference. I felt very energetic, and I luckily didn't get any bad side effects. It tasted very good too. Would definitely recommend!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kiara S.
California





I usually don't buy energy drink but this one was great.  So glad it was vegan as well because it's hard to find vegan drinks and foods sometimes.  It's definitely worth trying and I will recommend to friends or family members who are bug energy drinkers.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tina M.
California





I love this drink it tastes really good. It did not make my heart race and gave me a lot of energy. I plan to buy more soon and tell my friends and family about it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kevon J.
California





I loved the orange flavored organic guru energy drink. I liked that it wasn't overly sweet like other energy drinks and it had the right amount of caffeine to keep me energized throughout my busy day. I would definitely use it again!😃
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Claraine R.
California





Loved it! Did not give me the jitters, and I felt that jolt I needed at 2pm from my work day.  I also love that it is an organic energy drink with no crash!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jeannevaharryjjbo L.
California





I loved the Guru Orgainic Energy Drink! It was very tasteful and gave me energy! I would definitely recommend this product! I will be buying it again really soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Helena M.
California





It gave me a good amount of energy, didn't make me jittery. The taste wasn't excellent, but it definitely didn't taste bad. Would definitely buy again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






maryann B.
California





I am not a big fan of energy drinks but I could tolerate this one.  I liked the fact it was vegan and did not have a chemical aftertaste due to the fact its organic.   If I were to drink energy drinks often this is the one I would drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ezekiel F.
California





At first sip & each one thereafter the slight tart popped on top om tongue. This drink is very enjoyable. I highly recommend this for myself & others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kimberly V.
California





The taste was good and I felt the boost in my energy when I really needed it! I'm glad I had a chance to taste this product.  I definitely would purchase in the future.#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cheyenne P.
California





I liked rmthat this product is organic, gluten free and it comes in a lite version. It gave me good energy and it tasted good. It's a nice alternative to other energy drinks that does not have good ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






susan I.
California





it's pretty good has a nice taste not like a lot of the others that bitter. and they have a nasty after   taste. i like my coffee in the morning but sometime it upsets my stomach.  but with the a can of Guru  gets me going and e-z on my stomach . a great pick me up after lunch .  i keep a couple cans of guru  in my work truck .. there not to bad warm or even hot . a good way to help get you going when you not have any get up and go .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jennifer C.
California





I love this organic energy drink. Usually when I drink energy drinks they either keep me up to long or they taste really nasty but I like Guru
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






jeff j.
California





The energy was clean with no crash,it's organic and no negative effects which are all great.The only issue I had was the taste,to me it wasn't very good.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Monine Z.
California





It tasted very good. Not to medicinal like I have found a lot of other energy drinks................................There is really nothing else to say
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erin L.
California





Great taste! Doesnt have that obvious "energy drink taste" to it. Very tropical and refreshing.
I didnt notice any "crash" from it eitherb also about the same price as a red bull of the same size would be.
Definitely buying again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Julie A.
California





I really liked it! I like the fact that you can find an organic energy drink! It quenched my thirst on a hot summer day & gave me a boost of energy! Thanks again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






KristaLee W.
California





Energy producing and tasty drink. I found it a little too strong for me but I am very sensitive. I recommend as an alternative to higher caffeinated energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


peg p.
California





I enjoyed the taste of this organic drink and would definetly let everyone know about it.  I used this in the morning for all day energy burst.  I would buy this for the energy it gave me.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Keely G.
California





I really liked the taste of the Guru Energy Drink.  This energy drink did not give me the jitters like other energy drink.  It gave me the energy boost I needed to last throughout the day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Charles R.
California





Great taste, and good level of energy supplied throughout the day, definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get a boost through their day with naturally occurring caffeine.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Hannah C.
California





I was pleasantly surprised with the overall energy factor of this drink. It tastes much like that of Redbull, but without the tendency of giving you a throbbing headache. I was quite thrilled with the amount of energy I obtained from a single 8.4 fl oz serving. It does taste much like most traditional energy drinks, a bit canny and tin-like but the energy you get is well worth the metallic taste. I can actually see myself purchasing this on a regular basis. 5/5 stars for sure!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


MARICEYA S.
California





this is my boyfriends favorite energy drink. it taste like gummy worms!! the drink has an excellent taste and very effective. i enjoy this drink and will repurchase over and over and over
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Carolina H.
California





I love everything about Guru energy drink. I got the original flavored one, and I really enjoyed the taste.  I drank it before my workout, and I noticed an increase of energy. I felt very energized without feeling jittery. The ingredients are wonderful without any added junk.  I plan on always having some, for when I need a pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Daniel C.
California





As someone who is always on the run, I like having a large variety of different energy drinks to fuel my day as a substitute for coffee. I tried the GURU organic energy drink out and liked that it didn't taste like the typical energy beverage with the taurine flavor that is so prevalent. Generally if you're putting caffeine into your body, you'd like it to be as unadulterated as possible. I like that the ingredients used in the drink are organic, gluten-free, and NON=GMO verified.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jackie L.
California





I am usually not an energy drink kinda person but this one tasted better than expected.  The taste is not that strong but I did feel the energy boost within 15 mins of drinking.  I didn't experience a crash feeling or jitters.  I think the taste could still use some work but overall very good drink.  Will continue to buy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Charmaine L.
California





Very interesting that this is an organic energy drink. I really like the concept. I never would have imagined there would be an organic, vegan, gluten-free, non-gmo energy drink - and with so few calories too!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gina S.
California





I tried the original and the lite version. They were both surprisingly delicious! There was no unpleasant aftertaste and no jittery feeling.  I actually enjoyed the lite version better.  The taste was light, crisp, clean and citrusy. I will only buy this brand of energy drink from now on.  Organic, no artificial ingredients and delicious...what could be better?
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ankush P.
California





Good in taste and one can feel instant energy after drinking it. Taste appears to be better than monster or red bull.  definitely worth the money spent.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marriah M.
Missouri





I would absolutely buy a Guru if I need a blast of energy. This drink is small and packs a punch! I felt energized naturally and it lasted a long time with no noticeable crash. Also the taste was amazing! Definitely going to buy another one soon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michelle T.
California





Guru Organic Energy Drink is delicious. I was not overwhelmed with carbonation like other energy drinks. I felt good and ready to conquer my chores. It was a good, clean energy. Other drinks weigh me down, give me the shakes and than I burn out after a while. Guru is my new favorite organic energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Karina G.
California





I'm not much an engery drinks kind of person but when I do need a lift of engery I like to drink something that is not super high in sugar or have a list of ingredients I can barely pronounce. Guru engery drinks did the job for when I needed an extra boost. As far as taste go I find it similar to the other drinks I had before. If one is in need of an extra boost of energy and prefer something that is organic Guru is the way to.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


erich k.
California





The first thing I did when I bought this product was read the ingredients. To my surprise I could read all the ingredients and there was no caffeine. I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning everyday for work. I'm usually a little tired. About two hours into the workday, this particular work day,  the first thing I did was drink the guru light. I did not feel tired all day and did not feel overly energized.  Plainly said, I felt normal and this was good for me.  That means the drink did what it was supposed to do.  I don't think I'D  drink it everyday but I will definitely keep a few spares around for days when I play hockey until midnight and have to work at 5 in the morning or days where I'm working all day and I need that extra push to get me through. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Teresa L.
California





delicious and feels so good for you! gave me boundless energy ready for the day. now I can't go back and must continue with guru. #guru4ever
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dean L.
New York





Couldn't believe it was only 10 calories but also organic! It tasted well for me (being a energy drinker). Helped me get through one of my final days and helped me when writing a paper!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christopher P.
California





It helped me where other drinks have failed and i have liked the taste of it i would recognize it to my friends and family that and maybe even people who i dont know
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Art L.
California





Well first time trying this organic energy drink and I have to say I enjoyed the taste coming from drinking R*d b[ll I now switched to Guru for one its cheaper its organic and the taste I actually like. I picked a perfect day to get it early morning I was tired not feeling it after drinking it took awhile but I felt better and awake . Since then I have bought some and now drink it when I need it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christy P.
California





Finally an organic energy drink,  loved it. I like the fact that it has natural caffeine and non-GMO. I don't feel guilty drinking it. I recommend this product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lisa G.
California





I tried the lite version of the drink and was pleasantly surprised. It tasted similar to other energy drinks but I didn't get the crash after the energy boost like I do with some brands
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Natasha Z.
California





It was refreshing and better tasting than the name brand ones out there. Knowing it is vegan, non-gmo and organic is a big plus for me when looking for a canned drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Yvonne A.
California





GURU Organic Energy Drink was very good and refreshing! It was also a nice pick me up and really energized me! I love that it is organic.  You should try it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Karen S.
California





I had a good experience with this energy drink.  I got the lite version.  It gave me a nice, smooth boost.  Nothing crazy...No twitchy craziness!  Just a light lift in energy and mood.  The only thing I didn't like was the slightly weird aftertaste.  It wasn't horrible or anything.  It was just a little weird.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


nicole w.
California





Loved thathe this is not full of garbage chemicals.  If your looking for a boost and do not like coffee it does the job.  I wouldn't purchase all the time but when the mood is right it definitely gives a boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Camilla M.
California





My husband has been gluten-free for almost two years and while I do blend my own gluten-free flour at times, sometimes I'm just pressed for time and looking for an off-the-shelf GF flour that acts like regular flour. This is it!! I used this to make some gluten-free gingerbread cookies and I wanted them to hold together like regular and not be too crumbly. This worked well. I will definitely buy this brand again when I need GF flour in a hurry!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kristin M.
California





Good drink, good flavor. I like that it is organic-- which most energy drinks aren't. I would definitely buy this and recommend it to a friend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Catherine M.
California





I love it! It taste like a popular mainstream version without all the yucky stuff! It's not too sweet but it tastes great at the same time and it gives me energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erika M.
California





It really does work it gave me the right energy with out the crush. The taste is ok maybe not my favorite when it comes to taste it kinda left me an after taste.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Victor K.
California





never had an organic energy drink before, but i have to say it was pretty good, i would def try other flavors if they had anyone who's never tried an organic energy drink give it a try you may be surprised   #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Susan L.
California





I'm not much of an energy drinker but I actually tried this when I lacked sleep and needed to stay awake for my work and it actually worked. I love that it's natural!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lesli G.
California





I was hesitant about this and expected some wierd taste or consistency - but I was VERY pleasantly surprised.  It even passed my boyfriend's test!  Thank you - I would not have tried it without the coupon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


terry L.
California





not bad , took the edge off of my lagging feeling without having a big buzz or a crash . It tastes pretty good , and took away tired feeling. I know I'm repeating but these reviews want 140 characters which can be a challenge .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






tina s.
California





I tried the Guru Organic Energy drink, I liked it, it was tasty, and it did give me more energy. The best part of it is it is Organic. I will by this for now on.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michelle M.
California





Pretty good taste. I like that it is organic no bad ingredients and only 10 calories per can. This is a healthier way to get a pick me up when you need it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shanette N.
California





When I had first seen the product, I did not know if it will give me the energy that I need for my work day. So I went ahead and got one and I have to say that this drink did give me the right amount of energy that I needed for my work day. This is one product I will be purchasing again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shamika C.
California





This energy is nothing like the others. It doesn't have a bad after taste and it doesn't give me the jitters. Just a little goes a long way.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cassie D.
California





I have never heard such things like organic energy drinks. The drink is just like redbull only it's cherry flavor. I'm not a big fan of cherry flavored drink, so I would not consider buying Guru in the future. But for people who like cherry flavored soda, Guru might be a go-for energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


susan w.
California





I typically do not drink energy drinks other than coffee but I really love Guru organic energy drinks. Its a great pick me up, it's refreshing and organic.  I also love that its low calorie.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






John K.
California





I was trying to find a substitute for coffee and I believe I found the right one in this product.  I like the fact that it's all natural and gives me the right kick when I need the extra energy.  I will definitely be purchasing this in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Danny B.
California





Best energy drink ever.  No jitters no weird come down and it tastes good. Green tea extract guarana, ginseng and echinacea is the combo they nailed it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Elana H.
California





I appreciated the fact that this drink was made with natural products - I felt both more alert and awake after drinking this but it was not an artificial sugar induced buzz and I did not crash immediately afterward as I do with most energy drinks. Tasted like a standard energy drink which is the one thing I would like to see improved - not a big fan of the citrus taurine flavor.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rhonda C.
California





Really loved the guru. Great flavor. Will definitely purchase again. I have already recommended to several friends. Great product, didnot taste of strong multi vitamin. A real plus in my book.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Trina M.
California





Oh wow its so good, its way better than the other engery drinks that are on the market. This one is way better and the taste is awsome. It doesnt leave the nasty after taste like rockstar, redbull does. I highly recommend this to people its so yummy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


randall v.
California





I bought the original flavor and I fell in love. The taste is clean and refreshing. I have tried many energy drinks and so man taste like chemicals and give stomach aches. this left me wanting  more. I didn't get jittery but I did notice the energy boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Carri D.
California





Got the Lite drink so it did not have all the extra sugar in and was pleasantly surprised that the taste was enjoyable.  Will let others know that they should give this drink a try.  Liked the energy boost without all the jitters.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mary C.
California





I like the taste of this drink.  It has sort of a fruity flavor and I like that it is organic.  I tried the low calorie drink and would prefer this over other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Edmund M.
California





The overall taste is very mild. The ease of drinking this beverage is commendable. It tasted like a natural drink and not like the artificial ones. The energy content is okay since I am an avid coffee drinker, I did not feel as energized as I would if I drank coffee. I also enjoy the fact that is it organic and naturally derived.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Andreina L.
California





I taisted good and it didn't make me jittery usually energy drinks make me feel that way, so i was glad. It was a great energy boost i would definitely buy it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kayla L.
California





Very fresh and delicious. Tasted less like an energy drink and more like an all natural sparkling beverage.  I loved the flavor of it, and my boyfriend liked it too.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Angelina L.
California





great taste and flavor, kept me up for 5 hours and it didnt give me that sugar or jittery rush that most caffaine and energy drinks give me.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Shannon N.
California





I really enjoyed the Guru organic energy drink. I didn't feel any crash and the taste was really good. I liked that it is only 5 calories for the Lite so I didn't feel guilty drinking an energy drink. It helped me stay energized enough to get through the work day after a long night. I would definitely buy this and recommend to a friend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Vernita R.
California





Very tasty plus it kept me going through the day very smoothly without any crash i love it i found this product at my whole foods store so its convince for me definitely will buy a few more when I'm having a dragy day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






julie m.
California





One of the best! The flavor is light and tasty, like a sparkling grape juice. Delicious! No bad aftertaste, I would drink this everyday! Try it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Chuck E.
California





Instant energy! I was surprised by the immediate up I got after downing half of this drink. And it stayed with me long enough to make it through a long sermon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christa F.
California





I was somewhat skeptical about this product, being a consumer of the energy drink that gives you "wings".  But I was very surprised when I took that first sip.  Yummy!  And unlike that shaky, jittery feeling I get from that other product I just felt alert. I tried the original GURU, and I loved the taste and I will definitely be buying GURU in the future!  Yummy!  #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Barbara T.
California





Wonderful product! Great taste with no after taste.  The Lite has only 5 calories which makes it very inviting for those of us who are weight conscious. The price is great for us who are on a budget. I highly recommend this quality organic energy drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Carolyn G.
California





I tried the GURU Lite and found it refreshing. It really did give me a boost, and I appreciate that it is low calorie, and features only natural, organic ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Wil W.
California





I definitely think Guru is among the tastier of energy drinks out there. Much better when it's ice cold. The kapow effect is very subtle.  Best enjoyed as a sipper type of drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Ada K.
California





I recieved this energy drink to sip and review.  I really enjoyed this drink because it was low in calories, and actually worked! I also liked that it's not full of nasty chemicals like other drinks on the market! I hope to see this sold at more places and will reccomend to my friends
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Karin I.
California





I love that this product tastes great and is organic and non- GMO! It gave me lots of energy to get all the items completed on my To Do list!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maggie G.
California





Wow, this is definitely one of the best tasting energy drinks out on the market.  It has a really nice, sweet flavor to it, and has zero aftertaste.  You can definitely taste the white grape juice, but it's not overpowering   I definitely felt it starting to work immediately, which I also enjoy with energy drinks, as I like to sip them over the course of my afternoon.  I would definitely buy this one again as it was in the same price point as my other usual energy drinks.  I would also recommend it to a friend if they wanted a sweet, pick-me-up to keep them going,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Camille Z.
California





I usually don't use energy drinks because of the flavor but I tried the Guru Organic energy drink and thought it was a step above the usual Red Bull or Monster drinks.  Upon reading the list of ingredients, I was pleased to see that they were all natural.  I was surprised to see echinacea listed as an ingredient, which I felt was a nice alternative to unpleasant tasting vitamin supplements.  My store did not carry the sugar free variety, so I had to settle for the 30 grams of sugar that came with the regular version.  It was very sweet, but the actual taste was good and I liked the level of carbonation.  I didn't get the jitters nor did I have the "crash and burn" that I would have expected with this type of drink.  I did not drink it all at once, but rather had it throughout the second half of the day, which is usually when I start feeling tired.  If I can find the sugar free version, I will definitely try it.  I do have to limit my caffeine intake, but for those occasions when I absolutely must have an extra boost, a cold sparkly Guru sounds like a great alternative to an iced coffee or tea.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






carol s.
California





Best natural energy drink I've tried yet! Although I love the  taste of sodas, I'd rather choose an healthier option even if taste is compromised. However, Guru is an amazing alternative because it tastes great. Also gets me moving like the Energizer Bunny!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Katherine C.
California





I found this at my local Safeway store in the energy drinks aisle and it was easy to locate.  I like the fact that it is organic and great tasting too.  It did not give me a jolt like caffeinated drinks.  Move over coffee I have found my replacement drink!  I would definitely recommend this to friends!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jan W.
California





The taste is okay. Personally I like the taste of red bull and monster energy more. The effect is good - I could really feel it. Reasonable price as well.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ashley M.
California





It wasn't as bad as I initially thought. It doesn't have that funky after taste some energy drinks leave. Definitely going to buy more. Also will be letting my friend s know about it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Hania R.
California





This organic energy drink gave me the right amount of energy minus the crash! Great taste, and I highly recommend this product to all my friends and family.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lenisha W.
California





I do not drink energy drink often, although I really could benefit, because of all the harmful ingredients. I love that Guru Energy Drink is organic and natural. It tastes great and is not too strong. So glad I was able to try it. It kept me going when I needed it most!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lori L.
California





I got my coupon for a free, full-size can of Guru Organic Energy Drink and I was very impressed!!! I love the taste, it didn't have a thick aftertaste, was light and refreshing and I chose the full flavor drink!! I believe in Organic products wholeheartedly so finding Guru's Energy Drink contains Organic ingredients and gives me that extra boost of energy is exactly what I look for and appreciate!! I would very much recommend Guru Organic Energy Drink because it offers a Quality product without all the other unnecessary Chemicals found in other Name Brand Energy Drinks!!! So Thank you Guru!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Josephine C.
California





Tasted good I got the original Guru energy drink. Love the carbonation and its nice to know that it is organic. Definitely better than many other alternative energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Charity R.
California





it is a sweet drink, first time trying a organic drink wasn't expecting the way it tastes which is pretty good. I think people should try new things like food n drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Bing Y.
California





I love that it's a tasty energy drink that's organic, non-GMO, gluten free, and powered by naturally occurring caffeine. I'd keep some in the car for a fast energy boost when I have to drive long distance.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Liliana M.
California





The best organic energy drink I've tried ever. I normally can't drink energy drink becasue it gets me real jittery and anxious and the after effect is worse. With Guru I just didn't feel tired no jumpy feeling or anxious it was perfect
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erica J.
California





Love the taste and energy it gave me. This is my new favorite drinks. This ignores great with my low carb diet. Can't wait to buy some more!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stephenson H.
California





Absolutely refreshingly awesome...no nasty after taste, energy packing goodness!!! It was actually, a nice, smooth, easy on the taste buds, and surprisingly healthy energy drink that actually works much better than the competition.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Heidi W.
California





This is a great all natural, organic, vegan energy drink! I love that it is caffenated naturally. It only has 5 calories! That is my favorite partt! Tastes great and is affordable! Find at yoru local natural foods store!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






linden l.
California





I really liked how it tasted and it kept me going through the day. The fact that there is a gluten free option for my energy drinks is always a wonderful thing.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alison F.
California





Finally found it!! Thinking that maybe it would amp me up too much..but it really didn't,gave me just enough to get through my night at work!! Definitely will put this on my shopping list!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nicole M.
California





They were out of the regular, so I bought the light version instead.  It was still very tasty and kept me energized throughout the afternoon.  I would definitely buy this beverage again when I need another pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Trish S.
California





The taste was very light and a little fruity, very pleasant.  It did not taste harsh or acidic like some other energy drinks do. And I felt more energetic after drinking it. I would definitely recommend it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cathy M.
California





I had a really hard time finding it but it's good I like it, i'm usually don't drink energy drinks ,but when I do I'm going to drink this this one when I do .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Natalia D.
California





Delicious, no overly sweet flavor that gives you a steady energy. It's closer to drinking a lot of green tea (no jittery energy and no crashes). I love that is also light in calories!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






osvaldo s.
California





Very very delicious drink. The taste of this product is amazing has a unique taste.  I will definitely purchase this product in the future for sure.  I gave some to my best friend and he liked.  He was surprised
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Daisy T.
California





This energy drink is low on calories with a decent aftertaste and flavor and contains great natural ingredients! A much better alternative to other energy drinks on the market
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dmitriy P.
California





Excellent Energy Drink! I am not an energy drink drinker but after trying this organic energy drink, I will definitely be drinking more of it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Julie S.
Ohio





Great tasting. Felt good to drink it. The flavor was outstanding and would definitely recommend this to everyone I possibly could. Thank you very much
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lorna J.
California





Guru Organic Energy Drink was very delicious and has natural Caffeine and since trying it, I have become a repeat customer and I also tell my co-workers If they want a 'Natural Energy Drink' with just the right amount of Caffeine that GURU doesn't give you the jitters, and it is Vegan of course and I totally recommend Guru, so please give it a try and I'm sure you'll also become a fan! I really Enjoy the Fruity Taste, and my co-workers see that I'm drinking GURU, and they start asking me about it. Haha, now my friends are also purchasing GURU, and I'm glad to say that they learned about it from me which makes me Happy! I am definitely a True GURU Fan, and *If you want more Information on GURU Organic Energy Drink(They Also Have a "Lite" version)Just Hashtag: #trynatural and #gotitfree ,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sharon B.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks because of all the artificial ingredients but I liked Guru because it's organic, low calorie, non-GMO and contains healthy  ingredients like Guarana and Green Tea. There was no initial energy jolt and no hard crash, did not experience any brain fog either.  A little bit too sweet for me but my son liked it, he usually drinks Monster Zero.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Inna V.
California





Very pleasant taste! The product stays cool for a while due to the container. Glad to have tried it! Would highly recommend to buy it because you will not be dissapointed.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jessica Y.
California





This was a pretty strong energy drink ! I was surprised for it being organic. I'm interested in trying the lite version . They were out when I went which means people must like it !  No more 5 hour energys for me !
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Anna Tasha B.
California





Loved loved loved! I have gluten sensitivity. The only caffeine drink if I would let my son drink this would be it. Great flavor. I would love to have a case if this to share with my friends and family. Would like to try any other products by this brand.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jennifer T.
California





I don't drink energy drinks often. I've tried some other brands of regular energy drinks, but this drink tasted the best out of all of the ones i've tried. Not only is it healthier for you because it is organic,  but the taste is very light and refreshing whereas regular energy drinks taste heavy. The combination so ingredients makes this drink taste very delicious. This drink is definitely effective in terms of sustaining energy. I highly recommend this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Hans P.
California





I really enjoyed this energy drink. I try not to drink them too often, but I felt better about this one because it was organic. It gave me the energy I needed to get through a tough day. Plus it tasted great.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cassandra D.
California





Guru Energy Drink is one of a kind. This drink smells great. The taste is a little on the bitter side. This is my personal opinion. It does have echinacea flower extract, in which I do like. I feel an organic energy and no jitters at all. I like this drink. It is an acquired taste though.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jenna S.
California





This is probably the one of the better energy drinks I've had. The taste is unique.  No sugar crash or artificial sweeteners. It gives a good pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Pearlene U.
California





"This is my new favorite! It tastes gentle and has sparkling carbonation that I enjoyed but not too much as those fake drinks. I also didn't get too wired up. I was able to fall asleep that evening without a problem.  Wonderful to have an organic energy drink that I can rely on now and after!"
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jennifer B.
California





I loved it!  It tasted more like a soda, rather than the odd energy drink flavors that most other energy drinks have.   I will be buying this again and trying the diet version as well, that has much less sugar.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Susi P.
California





Not a beverage I would choose for flavor, but a great option as a light an energy drink.  I like that its organic and Non-GMO Project Verified.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Esther G.
California





Works very well to keep me energized throughout the day. Also great that it's organic! I've never seen something like this before. Excellent product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jessica W.
California





I love the taste and I'm excited to say that it is all natural. I don't like the energy drinks that put things in it that I have no clue if it's good or bad.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christine N.
California





I bought the Original version -  because I had read reviews on Amazon saying that it was better-flavored.  It had a nice fruity-citrusy taste, and wasn't overly sweet.  Since I usually buy low or no-calorie energy drinks I am used to a different flavor profile.  I got a nice "kick" from this drink, and it helped keep me stay alert during a long-distance drive.  I also appreciate the organic ingredients, since a lot of energy drinks are full of all sorts of "junk".  Will definitely buy this again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


tameika m.
California





This was a very refreshing drink that surprised me. I had so much extra energy but nothing to do with it
 I loved the flavor and I will be recommending to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Terry C.
Montana





Loved the can!  Great taste!  It was much better than other energy drinks I've  tried.   All the taste, all the energy and no crash afterwards!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Davita M.
California





i had a  friend taste this with me and we had to go back and buy another can. the taste was great and i loved that it was orgnanic. i cant wait to tell my friends about it. it didnt keep me up and jittery.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Samantha k.
California





I actually thought this energy drink was really good. Honestly, one of the better ones I've tried. And of course I love the fact that it's natural.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rebecca F.
California





different, dont know how i really feel about it. i will tell friends about it but im going to stick with my monster energy drink. also kinda pricey for me as a college student as well.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






blossom r.
California





it's nice to have an energy drink option that's not full of chemicals. good taste, good serving size and just enough energy. highly recommended
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tracy M.
California





This energy drink gives me the best body wake up without the jitters! I was also happy that it is made with organic ingredients, as I am now more opt to buy this than other sugary energy drinks. The flavor is great compared to other drinks. I am willing to make this my energy drink of choice! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






KIMBERLY R.
California





It's great that there is a gluten free, vegan and organic energy drink option for those that adhere to specific diets. I don't usually purchase these types of things, and while it tasted ok I wouldn't buy it, but I would suggest it to others.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Jennifer F.
California





I got this beverage as part of testing through social nature and came complimentary. I liked this beverage and I am starting to like organic products. These products have to taste as though they are not good for me. This product opened my eyes with a refreshing taste and wished I'd known about this one sooner. I have recommended this to my friends and will continue to purchase.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Myisha W.
California





I opted for the original as opposed to the lite. I've had several other brands of energy drinks in the past, and Guru definitely has a cleaner slightly refreshing taste. I like that guru is made with organic cane sugar, which surprised me as other drinks I've had can leave a artificial taste. The drink also contains sparkling water, organic white grape juice, and organic green tea leaf extract which is a great naturally occurring caffeine. Guru organic energy drink definitely holds its own when it comes to energy drinks and I would definitely purchase again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Janeth A.
California





I easily found this at the store. I opted for the original. When I got home I immediately put it in my chiller so that I could try it right away. I didn't even read the can. I opened it and was pleasantly surprised that it was carbonated. The taste was not overly sweet... it was JUST right. I am not a fan of things that are TOO sweet.  The flavor was slightly fruity, like a mild version of a candy, again, not too sweet.  After about 10 minutes I started feeling more awake and alert. I love that it didn't get me pumped or jittery. It gave me the perfect amount of energy for it to feel natural. I would absolutely​ purchase this again. I never liked energy drinks, but GURU changed my mind.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Melissa T.
California





I dont often drink energy drinks because Im often weirded out over the chemicals put inside it.  It's nice to see theres a natural form of energy drink out there!  I probably wont purchase often since I dont normally drink energy drinks but Im sure I will buy it sometime in the future
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rebecca D.
California





It has a little too much Stevia taste but is good. It tastes more like a juice than an energy drink. I like that the lite is only 10 calories. I like the high caffeine content compared to other energy drinks. I also like that there's no taurine.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lisa G.
California





I liked Guru Organic Energy very much. I'm pretty sensitive to caffeine so I was worried about how I would react to this drink, since a cup of coffee makes me jittery. This gave me energy without the jitters - awesome!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Resa T.
California





I got the Lite version & kind of wish I got original instead. On the positive side: it certainly did not have the artificial sugary or metallic lingering taste like red bull or rock star or monster did. It also did keep me energized so thats a plus. 
However, this version had a light soda taste that was kind of fruity (which I am personally not fond of).
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






samantha d.
California





I was pleasantly surprised by the taste. I expected it to not be pleasing but it tasted really good. I also liked that it didn't give me a crash after taking it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Hyatt A.
California





This energy drink was interesting, definitely different from your regular monsters or rock stars! But totally in a good way, it was more fizzy and had a nice fruity flavor.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Benton H.
California





Taste is better than Monster energy drinks. Refreshing and energizing with just the right amount of caffeine. Very low calorie and perfect for anyone that needs a little boost without harmful additives.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


shantel d.
California





I was glad I had this on hand as I ran out of coffee. It has a decent taste and gets the job done.  I do prefer flavored energy drinks but this was still really good. I will buy more of them in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






MARYCHILES P.
California





Guru Organic Energy Drink...love it, & will be MY ENERGY DRINK GURU from now on. What reeled me in was yummy soda flavor, & its organic!!!

MUCH MUCH LOVE!!!!
#My Energy Drink Guru is Mos'def'ly 
  Guru Organic Energy Drink
#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sergio R.
California





I thought it was good too much sugar though..........  Will think about buying it.... Not sure yet..........................................
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






jessica b.
California





AWESOME!!! I LOVED THIS ENERGY DRINK & I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE & EVERYONE. IT HAS A NICE CRISP REFRESHING TASTE THAT CAN BE ENJOYED ANY TIME. I WISH THIS DRINK WAS AVAILABLE AT MORE STORES.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stacy L.
California





Great organic energy drink for a quick and easy pick-me-up for those 3 pm slumps.  I tried the LITE one; they also have the non-LITE version.  Tasted great and I would definitely buy it again for my longer work days.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Edyta S.
California





I am not a fan of RedBull or coffee, but i like caffeine in other forms, so i decided to try Guru. I was pleasantly surprised, because it has wonderful taste. It is not as overwhelming as RedBull, it is more natural, fruity and refreshing. And the energy in it brought some muracles - on lazy and rainy Sunday afternoon, i did not have much hope to achieve anything, but... with Guru, i completed tasks and chores i was procrastinating about for weeks. The only thing to be aware of: if you live in Bay Area, this drink will cost you hefty tax. I was surprised it has the tax penalty for soft sugary drinks!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rae M.
California





it taste good , quality product. def worth trying. since its organic its better product against the many others out there.  try it, taste it. worth it. Guru
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brigette D.
Wisconsin





Having caffeine on hand is important to me for daily function, and organic energy drinks are even better. I am so pleased to see this drink is not sweetened with corn syrup. The flavor is not easy to describe but certainly not unpleasant. I look forward to having more cans of Guru.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Reina T.
California





This organic energy drink was ready good I love it, it taste ready good, I also recomended to my friend, and I ready bought more because I ready like them, thanks social nutriré for my sample
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Matthew N.
California





Flavor was more inviting than most energy drinks, and I appreciate the organic ingredients. Gave a good boost of energy for my morning bike ride.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nick S.
California





Great product, great energy booster and fantastic across the board, would highly recommend and would unquestionably purchase,  best product in category
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Victor V.
California





great drink natural drink nothing like oranic fresh taste to energize you. i will buy more at local store it is very good like nothing else.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Natalie H.
California





Organic Energy Drink by Guru in flavor Original tasted great. I like the fact it taste good and is low in calories. It also contains caffeine organically which was an additional bonus.  After drinking it is was able to push through my day and didn't have a crash later on. I would recommend this product to anyone and I will be buying it in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jack D.
California





This product tastes great. I absolutely loved it and felt very energetic about 30 minutes after drinking it. It tastes great when chilled, although I would think it probably tastes good at room temperature as well. If I ever feel the need for some energy, I would definitely purchase this product. Recommended!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Victoria H.
California





I personally am a connoisseur of energy drinks. I rely on caffeine for most of my projects at school and for late night coding sessions as well as marathon gaming. Although energy drinks can be considered a crutch, it's a lifestyle decision that many, many people embrace rather than attempt to avoid... I am one of these people.

That said, Guru Energy is fairly cheap ($1.25USD/can) if you buy it here off Amazon, it comes in the Redbull standard 8.3 fl/oz cans, and is shipped in a surprisingly lightweight and compact case (compare this to Monster, Rockstar, or any other brand with standard 16 fl/oz cans).

The taste, like Guru's website describes, is very indescribable. It is very sharp and light with a medium amount of carbonation. The caffeine buzz is more "natural"... it has more of an upslope and downslope rather than a sudden cracked out (which is arguably awesome too in its own respect) then big crash sort of feeling. This is because the caffeine in Guru is derived from 125mg of Guaranine (Guarana Herb) rather than synthetically separated then added. There is no mention about how much of the 125mg of Guaranine is real caffeine, but since Red Bull checks in at 80mg / 8.3oz it seems that Guru is in pretty good shape.

I think a particular good feature of Guru is that it uses cane sugar rather than high fructose corn syrup. I appreciate a good quality soda, particularly microbrew colas, and they often exclusively contain cane sugar.

So in summary, this energy drink is fairly cheap, good buzz, all natural, and great for coding, gaming, or studying.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sangeeta M.
California





Nice drink for a pick-me-up - refreshing and pleasant tasting.  Ideal replacement for a soda - the carbonation without all the sugar was perfectly satisfying!  Zero guilt!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Ashley B.
California





The biggest question is DOES IT WORK?? 
The answer to your question is, YES! I was busy all day long and had the best energy I've had in awhile. It feels a lot better than using Redbull.. I'm very sensitive to caffeine so drinking it gives me a lot of energy I have no question about that. But this energy felt like I've slept the whole night without waking up and best bed ever. So pretty much I felt really good!! 
The taste isn't the best but it not a lot you drink so if you hate it a lot then just chug it. It's a little herbaly but not bad. Just different.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christine F.
California





I love it its sweet kind of tastes like this other energy drink brand I've tried before. It tastes very good and not nasty or smell like alcohol like others do. Sure would rebuy again. Totally recommend this brand.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cindy W.
California





I'm a big fan of energy drinks, so I consider myself somewhat of an expert. And I must say this perticular energy drink....GURU, was quite surprising. So if you get a chance to try one like I did, please do.......you won't be sorry. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Angela A.
California





The taste was good.  I don't feel like it gave me more energy but it tasted good. It was a good size as well. Would recommend and buy again for sure.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Milo S.
California





Coming from someone who at one point drank a decent amount of Monster Energy drinks, I can say that the GURU Organic Energy drink definitely makes me feel better after consumption. You still get a decent kick of caffeine, but there is less crap (i.e. less gnarly, processed ingredients) in it. I don't consume energy drinks often anymore, but I'd grab one of these if they are available the next time I want one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sarah H.
California





I really enjoyed this energy drink. It kept me alert but not at all jittery. So many energy drinks leave me shaky and jittery but this one did not. A BIG bonus for me is that t does not have gross or unpronounceable ingredients in it- it is organic and naturally sweetened with only 10 calories. (This is the lite version- my store did not carry the original) It has a pleasant taste- not great but not bad.
When I need an energy drink again, I will definitely buy this one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Millisa S.
California





I choose the original flavor. I really like being able to pronounce everything on the nutrition label. It gave me energy without the crash from high sugar energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Angela G.
California





I really enjoyed the Organic Energy Drink by Guru. It was reminiscent of a Slurpee with a slight aftertaste of cough syrup. But the cough syrup taste was not overwhelming. It gave me energy like a normal energy drink would. It is a good-sized drink and has a total of 143 milligrams of caffeine which is only 20 milligrams less than the Monsters that I usually drink. I definitely recommend this and will be buying more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tresa J.
California





I was a little hesitant go try this, but after the first sip, boy was I pleasantly surprised.  Great flavor, I love that it is organic, all natural and gluten free.  I would definitely recommend this to family and friends!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sharra Y.
California





Guru organic energy drink had a pleasant taste and I must say it DID give me a much needed burst of energy! Go Guru! Loved it! If you haven't tried it, I recommend that you give it a try.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Yuening H.
California





Definitely love the taste. It´s so refreshing.  I will buy it for sure. The best thing about it is that it´s organic, Gluten-Free and vegan!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cristal W.
California





This drink tasted great and love the fact that it is organic! If I could afford organic all the time I would buy this product more often. It will just have to be a yummy treat.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


roxanne s.
California





The taste is okay,not too much carbonation.I like the fact that it uses pure cane sugar rather than fructose corn syrup.And I like that the price isn't real high!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Agiane T.
California





After popping open the can, I had whiffs of the Red Bull scent. So I was quite surprised after tasting it. Not only did it not taste like Red Bull, it had a fruity flavor, which is a plus! I liked how it was carbonated and that all the ingredients were organic and natural. I tried the regular flavor which was a bit too sweet for me so the Lite may have been a better choice; nonetheless, the original was still pretty good. I do not know if I would recommend it since the sugar (30g) is quite high for one serving, but over other energy drinks, I would. It is probably the best tasting energy drink I have tried so far.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Jasmine H.
California





Love Guru. I think it tastes great (kinda like jelly beans or something similarly sweet) and it gives me a great boost without the crash. I am staying away from sugar now though and at 25 grams a can not worth the splurge anymore.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






iesha m.
California





I had drank this Guru organic energy drink in the morning for breakfast, and It gave me lots of energy for me to start my day in the morning. I like the taste of it, which it have a very nice taste to it. I probably would buy this drink if I saw it in the stores where I shop at. I would recommend this drink to my family and friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Annmarie B.
California





Guru energy drink really works. The taste was very good no after taste like most energy drinks. I drank it before I did some yard work. The taste is what I liked most about this product it was tastey. I have already purchased Guru for work to get me through the day. I would recommend  this product to anyone who needs a natural energy pickup on a daily basis. Thank you for the opportunity to  try and review Guru Energy Drink.#trynatural.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






KADIJAH R.
California





I absolutely loved this energy drink,
I throughly enjoyed the taste,
it gave me an great boost of energy that lasted for hours without the jitters! 
That you can often feel with other energy drinks, 
the fact that GURU is natural and organic Is a plus! 
this is now my go to energy beverage.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marc S.
California





The taste of this drink is pretty good I personally didn't notice a big difference in energy but it did give me some energy so it did help. I was pleasantly surprised actually
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jillian C.
California





Loved this drink! It's super delicious without being overly sweet. It gave me energy without jitters which is hard to find. Would definitely recommend this, I've already bought two more!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Melina B.
California





I usually don't buy energy drinks because they have a strange flavor and make me feel weird. The Guru energy drink actually had a decent tropical flavor, although it still tasted like an energy drink it wasn't overpowering. I would definitely pick this over any other energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tim F.
California





I drink a lot of coffee and a lot of energy drinks. This was was pretty good. It wasn't my favorite, but I enjoyed it. The flavor reminded me if two things. At first, it sort of reminded me of Coca-Cola. Then, the second half sort of reminded me of a 7-11 slurpee. Despite those connotations, it did not taste thick and sugary. It was pretty light and I felt great after drinking it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Johnny M.
California





I am not a huge energy drink person, however, I did try this Guru organic energy drink and really liked it. The flavor was nice and light and not to sweet. Guru did not make me feel jittery or over caffinated. I definitly recommend Guru to those that like energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dalia G.
California





I love that this drink is organic and the ingredients are relatively clean. It tasted great and did not leave me feeling jittery like most energy drinks do, due to high sugar contents and artificial flavorings. I will pick up a GURU drink whenever I need an extra boost of energy from now on. Definitely worth it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jess C.
California





I'm not really a big fan of energy drinks especially carbonated energy drinks. The taste was ok but I like that the caffeine comes from natural sources
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Sara B.
California





This was a really tasty energy drink. I enjoyed it a lot. I feel like it gave me that little boost of energy and would buy it again. Its a very good product.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


yiran M.
California





I love this energy drink. It is ta ste fresh and cool, but the only problem is a little bit sweet to me. I would like to introduce it to my friends and I definitely try it again see if I could like it more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






CJ G.
California





Delicious taste, gave me a great boost of energy. I love that it is vegan, gluten-free, and organic. I also like that there are original and lite versions. Would definitely recommend to my friends and will buy again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sharon H.
California





For how small the drink is, it did the trick. I had lots of for the next four hours and didn't feel a crash afterwards. I never buy organic energy drinks, but now I believe that there is a huge difference for me to go organic. I love the taste and how I felt clean by not drinking so much chemicals.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sharon l.
California





Tasted great and gave me lots of energy.  I will definitely be buying this again . I will be recommending this to everybody I know. Absolutely love it!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erma E.
California





Excellent taste and a good source of energy. If you don't care much about sugar content then don't get the lite because the normal one is pretty good too! The can packs a decent punch and the organic components of the product make me feel like I'm not wiring myself up on some synthetic creation that tastes like plastic. The product isn't priced the most competitively but maybe that is because I purchased it at bristol farms, I wouldn't be surprised if whole foods had it for a bit less. I enjoyed my Guru chilled but I totally see how it could be fine on the go at room temperature. Overall I'm happy with my guru experience.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Eliazar R.
California





This was the best energy drink I have ever tasted!! it was way better than the other unhealtht energy drinks like redbull and monster. I saved it at my desk and used it when I most needed energy. My coworker asked me what it was and i told him it was a free product I recieved to provide a review for social nature. I recommended it on the spot to my coworker and he bought one at Safeway.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


jami o.
California





I wasn't very crazy about the flavor personally, but it did give me energy, much the same as any energy drink or coffee drink.  I just wouldn't choose this over those due to the flavor
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Molly R.
California





Tasty and lots of energy. The carbonation that i like from an energy drink with the added kick. Would purchase this again. A lot healthier than the ones I usually aim for.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Olga B.
California





It's good energy drink compare to others. It's nice cherry flavor, not too sweet. I love that it's organic and gluten free, but still gives you energy for couple hours! I would recommend to people who drinks normal energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Denise W.
California





This healthy, tasty Organic Energy Drink is absolutely delicious and so refreshing. I have recommended this Drink to all of my family and friends. Hands down it is the best. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christy S.
California





It tasted good compared to other products I've tried that are energy drinks. I really like it. I enjoy that it is organic and natural. I would buy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alaine J.
California





Is energy drink is great it's not overly sweet it's not too bubbly it's good give you good energy I could definitely tell that I had more energy for a good steady couple hours it's definitely something that I would love to be sticking with instead of those other drinks it going to give you a crash at the end.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Robbin S.
California





Not bad for an energy drink. It has a good flavor and I didn't get all hyped up as some types have done to me. I like that it ts organic. And that is gluten free.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Julie G.
California





The drink was very good and had a lot of flavor . It gave me energy that lasted for a few hours . I will drfinatey buy the product again . Thank!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kimberly C.
California





I liked this because of the results.  The taste is okay and I tried it at room temperature and cold and I would recommend drinking it cold.  I started to feel the effects within 30 minutes and I definitely had more awake and had energy.  I did not a hard come down and was still able to rest that evening.  I will use this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Susan B.
California





Delicious, yummy and full of energy. No jitters, and no gmos. A great refreshing boost. I would definitely recommend this beverage to friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Megan w.
California





this product is a good product. id consider buyiing this again. and most definetly would recommend this product. i got mines at walmart.....
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jennifer C.
California





I really liked the flavor and was happy it was a natural alternative!! There are so many energy drinks out there and it can be overwhelming so it's nice to have a go to!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Naz S.






It was good. The best part is that it is organic and it has naturally occurring caffeine.  I would still prefer redbull or monster over this because I like the taste of them better.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kelly P.
California





Truly a drink I would purchase over and over again. Working early hours and this drink I found tasty and that it helped boost my energy, the flavor was one I would rather have over other energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jaclyn B.
California





This drink was surprisingly refreshing, light and bubbly.  I am not a big fan of energy drinks, but I thought I could try it and to my surprise it has a great taste and really gave me the morning boost I needed.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






christina S.
California





I drink energy drinks often. I drink coffee daily.  With that being said,  guru is pretty good.  I didn't get the jitters like i usually do when trying a new drink for the first time,  so that was a definite plus.  It provided a nice energy boost.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the taste. I made the mistake of getting the Lite, so it's my fault but it taste 2 just like anything else that's considered "light", like it's missing an ingredient or mage with fake sugar.  Overall I was satisfied.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Esther W.
California





It was very light and bubbly. I loved the flavor, it tasted like white grape soda. I only wished it was not too sweet but overall I would recommend this to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Paula X.
California





Ive never been a big fan of any energy drink so I didn't have high hopes for this product, but to my surprise, it has a great taste and it really gave me the boost that I needed. I had it in the morning before I left for school and by the late evening, I was still pumped. Im not sure if it's the drink, but I was in a good mood that day. I'm not too sure if I would purchase it on my own since I'm not big on energy drinks, but I would highly recommend it for people who likes energy drinks or for a pre-workout drink.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Katrina B.
California





I absolutely loved the taste. Didn't make me shake or crash. I will definitely buy this product again. Yummy Yummy Yummy. I will definitely be telling my friends
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nkki R.
California





It was pretty good, I liked the suble soda-like flavour and had much more energy quicker than I would if I had coffee instead. I prefer guru over coffee, given that its storable and convenient.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


angella v.
California





it was sooo refreshing gave me alot of energy with no crash i would deffenitly reffer my friends and family to this drink !! i think if u want fast energy this would be the drink for you
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rose F.
California





I really enjoyed the taste of Guru Organic energy drink. I think it tastes great and I love that the ingredients are all organic. I have purchased this product and will continue to use it in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jeremy Z.
Maryland





This is a good product that gives good energy which did not have a crash afterwards. I will be purchasing this in the future and recommend it to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Candy C.
California





There was no after taste and was very delicious! 
Loved the taste and no jitters! I have bought a few after trying it out. My husband loves them especialy becaise ots healthier than other brands!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sun D.
California





Wow. I was very impressed with the Guru energy drink I purchased. I purchased the orginal and was enlightened throughout the day. It did not give me the jitters that coffee drinks often do. I will continue to purchase these for an afternoon pickup. Thanks Social Nature for this opportunity.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Eli N.
California





I never liked the taste of fake sugars, so that threw me off a bit. Otherwise, I liked the ingredients and the taste was ok for an energy drink. I would probably buy the product again if I needed a quick boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stacey H.
California





This is the best tasting energy drink I have tried. Still, not my favorite flavor but not bad. I love that it is organic and does not have all of the artificial ingredients many other energy drinks have.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Valerie F.
California





I don't usually buy traditional energy drinks because I prefer clean ingredients. This Guru energy drink is very clean (it's organic, too!), and has very low calories. I actually liked the taste a lot better than I thought I would but you can definitely taste the stevia. It's a little bitter but the lemon juice and added sugar help to balance that out. I did not notice a huge lift in energy but it did perk me up at work. I'd probably purchase this in the future to drink after lunch/early afternoon at work.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Courtney S.
California





I really enjoyed the sustained, healthy energy this drink provided. Other energy drinks contain scary amounts of caffeine and vitamin B (like it could give you irregular heart rhythms scary) which causes an energy crash, This one takes a more natural approach. The result is a productive pep that does not make you feel (or seem) like you're on crack and it doesn't cause a sudden drop in energy either. The energizing ingredients are green tea extract, guarana seed, and ginseng. There is also echinacea which is great for the immune system. At first I found the stevia to be overwhelming, but the berry flavor presumably from the luo han guo fruit kept me sipping. I have a suspicion I would like the non-lite version a bit more, but this drink is great for those who are used to the powerful sweetness of stevia.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Laura W.
California





This seems to be a rarity of an energy drink that does not have awful additives in it!  It has no color and has a light, refreshing texture and slightly sweet taste, without being too much.  It has natural, organic ingredients that provide energy rather than artificial ones and no sugar alcohols (erythritol etc) which usually cause me problems.  I therefore felt a nice, natural energy boost without any discomfort.  Loved it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alison E.
California





It was easy to drink and I really like that the ingredients are organic. The flavor is good, with a slight vitamin aftertaste. It has comparable amounts of caffeine to other brands of energy drinks with non-natural ingredients. Overall, it tasted good and I would buy it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sheila T.
Kansas





While I occasionally consume energy drinks, I often worry about the ingredients in conventional varieties which are often made up of chemicals that I can hardly pronounce and rarely recognize. I wonder about the safety and potential effects on my health from those products, and I'm also not particularly fond of the often strongly artificial taste. As such. I was really interested in learning about and trying out Guru Organic Energy, which is made up of organic ingredients and naturally occurring caffeine. Given that I avoid calories in drinks, I chose the Lite version to try, and I was pleasantly surprised. The flavor was different, and although I wouldn't say it was delicious, it was refreshing and not as aversive as other energy drinks I've tried. I didn't feel a huge kick of energy, but caffeine rarely has a tremendous effect on me and I did feel alert if not energetic. Overall, I think the Guru Organic Energy Drink is a preferable choice for those looking for energy beverages over the typical energy drink laden with artificial ingredients. Although I'm not a regular connoisseur of energy drinks, the next time I want one I will choose Guru Organic. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ashley Z.
California





Surprisingly good!  I wasn't expecting this drink to be (lightly) carbonated....it was a nice surprise!  Flavor was good and it definitely gave noticeable energy.  I tried it before a workout in place of my preworkout drink.  I wouldn't replace my preworkout supplement (it gave me a less focused energy) but I would drink it if I needed a little pick me up throughout the day!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Phyllis C.
California





I love the fruity fizzy taste, and the amazing list of organic and natural ingredients. Best of all it doesn't give me the jitters like coffee would.  I could concentrate and get a lot of work done.  As I'm trying to eat clean and stay away from sugar, an unsweetened version would be awesome. As it is, I'm pretty happy with Guru Energy Drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stephany C.
California





I got the original Guru and what i liked about this drink was that it didn't taste like a energy drink, it was light and it didn't have that strong caffeine aftertaste. The price is reasonable for bein g a usda verified drino, which i think is very important. I have already told my friends who lik energy drinks! and they sell this product at my local Bristol farms which is great! thanks for the drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






tirza v.
California





Great taste and good energy level. I did not feel jittery or have a crash afterwards like I have experienced with other products. So glad theres no artificial ingredients. Stevia is the way to go!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Janet L.
California





its pretty tasty. I have tried many energy drinks in the past that have really bad aftertastes, but this one is quite good. Its all organic as well which to me is a huge deal.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Katie V.
California





Pretty good, I like that it's natural and you can tell the difference in the 'buzz' also not as much as a crash. The taste is good too, not artificial.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Felicia C.
California





I loved the fresh crisp taste of the sparkling water blended with the organic ingredients of cane sugar,grape juice,citric and apple acid along with the vital nutrients of organic green tea leaf,guarana seed,echinacea flower and panax ginseng within this 12oz can of USDA Organic certified Guru energy beverage. The guru energy drink gave me a boost of energy without making me feel jittery or even crashing. It's nice to have a healthy organic energy drink available for those moments when you need a little boost of energy to get you throughout your day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lynne C.
California





I love this amazing carbonated beverage. I drink it before I exercise and it gives me lots of energy. I definitely recommend this beverage to everybody.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cole B.
California





This is by far the best energy drink I have ever had. It gives you a decent amount of energy without the jitters that other drinks will give you.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jenifer M.
California





I really enjoyed this new for me energy drink. I definitely felt more energized and I didn't have any of the "chemical" taste you sometimes find in energy drinks. I will be adding this to my drink line up!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Becky L.
California





This product has a great taste! However, it didn't do much to keep me focused and didn't work well. It's organic though which is a plus but I wouldn't buy it myself with its price.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






karolina p.
California





So I got to try the guru lite energy drink. The taste was very different from most energy drinks. I like the strong lemon juice taste it has, for a drink that has less calories then the original. It does work, kept me going all day through work, which is awesome. Overall great stuff for only 10 calories a must buy.#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


cooper q.
California





Grate tasting and very good product kept me focused awith no crash all day the flavor was crisp and clean no funny af5ertaste thanks for letting me try it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Albert C.
California





GURU Lite is very tasty and refreshing, especially on a hot day. Unlike most Stevia sweetened drinks, the taste is well balanced with no bitter aftertaste. There's a nice lemony flavor and the carbonation is on-point.

I don't usually drink energy drinks, but this one is an exception to the rule. It's organic, low calorie, non-GMO and contains ingredients that I can actually trust. Another big bonus I noticed is that I did not experience a crash afterwards. I read that this has to do with the fact that they use naturally-occurring caffeine from Green Tea and Guarana. I don't know why you would drink any other energy drink than this. Definitely loading up on these again soon!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rebecca H.
California





This product is packed with good, natural ingredients, unlike most energy drinks out there, and still packs the same amount of caffeine! The flavor of this drink is somewhat like a gummy bear, although just slightly watered down from the flavors of other energy drinks, which I didn't mind. I have tried other natural energy drinks in the past which did not agree with me, however I did not have the same issues with this drink. I really enjoyed it. If there is one thing i could say about it, is there wasn't any selection at the store I went to. They had one flavor of the drink, in one size. The drink was also about a dollar more than comparable energy drinks. I would be most likely to buy this product if they offered a multi-pack with a small discount.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Debbie Z.
California





Good taste and no jittery feeling I will definitely recommend this drink to my friends.  Only problem is that it should be available at more stores.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Thereasa G.
California





I don't drink any energy drinks but I have to admit Guru was extremely refreshing, tasty and delicious. I would definitely purchase this again. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Wanna S.
California





WOW... Guru energy drinks are amazing! Great taste, no weird stomach side effects. Gave me energy without crashing afterwards. Would highly recommend this energy drink over Red Bull.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alex C.
California





This energy drink was great! It was not that sweet and I did not get the sugar crash that I usually get with Redbull's or Monster's! I definitely recommend it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Brian S.
California





I liked this energy drink so much I went back to the store and bought one more and mixed it with some  vodka. It was quite tasty and I'm sure I will buy more. Thanks!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rebecca D.
California





Really good, taste is pleasant and flavor has sweetness.The energy was missing,maybe the caffeine is not strong enough? Good drink no matter what! Enjoyed it! The ginsing is an herb I've had problem with in the past,so like but I can't indulge in!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Sirous K.
California





The first sip was different but after the second time I loved it. Tasts so much better than  other energy drink.  The style and fonts made it  so much easier to locate in store shelves
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lindsey M.
California





Midday and I just ate too much for lunch and all I wanted to do was take a nap. It was a perfect time to give Guru a try. I wasn't super happy with the taste it was kind of bitter but just sweet enough that I didnt mind it after a few more sips. This drink definately gave me the boost I was hoping for. Not a jittery jolt but just enough to get me out of my slump. I was also happy to know I wasn't filling my body with harmful stuff to achieve that boost. I would recommend this product to friends, family, and co workers.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






emily l.
California





Picked up my Guru organic  energy drink on way to work . Had a nice taste to it,  light when i drank it.  Defenitly worked for me . Felt that ectra kick of energy during the day .  Will be buying again . Recommended  to anymone looking to try a healthier alternative to everyday energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jessica L.
California





I liked it very much its flavor is very rich and most important it is done with natural energizantes clear that I will continue buying it I like it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






linda d.
California





The drink was very similar to another product that I use, though with a less intense flavor. I like the size of it, unlike others that are smaller. It has just the right amount of sweetness
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Shannon L.
California





I thought the taste was excellent and I liked that The Guru lite was low calorie. The ingredients seemed healthy which is a bonus. I did get extra energy from the drink, so it did the job! I was pleased with this organic energy drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Victor V.
California





great drink it had nice great flavor would mind buying more of them. gave boost i needed and was great flavor.  ut was natural organic and was fun trying it
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Evangelina S.
California





I really liked this! i got the original and it taste it like other energy drinks but without it being harmful and filled with weird ingredients. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cameo D.
California





The energy drink is a great way to gain energy in a natural manner. It is an amazing alternative to other drinks that are unnatural on the market.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Charlene S.
California





Overall this was a very satisfying drink. It wasn't overly sweet like some energy drinks seem to be. 
I didn't get a ton of energy from it, but it definitely kept me going.
 I'm a huge fan of the fact that it's organic, so I'll definitely keep it in mind whenever I'm looking for an extra boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jenna C.
California





I purchased the Lite Guru instead or the regular because it only has 3g of sugar compared to the 37g in the regular one. I really enjoyed this energy drink. It has a great taste and it didn't make me jittery. It gave me just enough energy and I would purchase it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Devin F.
California





A good drink if you are able to find the lite version. The regular version is basically all sugar, which I do not like. The lite version is much better but harder to find. Taste is good, on par with other energy drinks. Not sure if being organic is worth the extra retail cost though.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Kerri N.
California





I'm not a big energy drink fan BUT an organic one I was excited to try. I'm a bit sensitive to these kinds of drinks, but this one didn't cause me to get jittery. I would definitely purchase it once in a while on those extra busy days.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Evangelina P.
California





So yummmy in the tummy gives energy doesnt feel heavy or taste nasty and isnt expensive ive already recommended this drink to friends n family
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nicole A.
California





Hmmm, I am on the fence about the tast of the Lite Guru BUT I have to say the energy part was superb! As a person that drinks energy drinks regularly, I think this product was great! I gave 4 stars only because of the taste
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


jennifer s.
California





Got my free sample. I thought it tasted really good! Gave me alot of energy without the shakeyness  i have gotten with other energy drinks. I would defiantly buy and tell friends and family about this product. Plus it was easy to find. Thank you so much for the opportunity to try this drink out. My new favorite energy  Drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alan L.
California





I was surprised that an all natural energy drink could taste as good as Guru does. I will definitely buy Guru energy drinks again. Definitely would recommend it to friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Peter O.
California





Really good tasting product! The thing that stood out to me was that it tasted somewhat like redbull, but with a more pleasing aftertaste. It reminded me of cane sugar soda, but much healthier. There are 30g of natural sugar, which is better than most sodas, and there are few ingredients, all of them organic. My only issue was the manufacturer's coupon, which confused the cashier, and in the end, I had to pay sales tax. Other than that, I really enjoyed this experience.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Andrea M.
California





Can't say anything wrong with a naturally occurring caffeine drink. This drink did its job and gave me the energy I needed to get through my day!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mani M.
California





I regularly consume energy drink. But this one is totally different from the rest, perfect taste, so smooth.  Organic and natural caffeine is what is the most exciting feature.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nidhi P.
California





Just the perfect kick is what you get with Guru!! Great combination of fizz n taste. I loved it. Made with non GMO n organic ingredients it's safe for one n all in the family. The price is just right. Why not have it for parties.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brenda s.
California





I love the taste it's nothing like any of the other energy drinks out there and give me on some bit of energy without leaving me jittery.....
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lisa H.
California





I like this energy drink I didn't feel jittery at all and the taste was good without any after taste. I would buy it again . I'm not a person that drinks energy drinks and l would drink this one again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maurine S.
California





I was very good tasting and good energy . The only bad thing was trying to find a store near me. It would be promoted in all grocery stores.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






tracy w.
California





My energy drink from Guru was amazing the flavor is really good it's not overpowering I really noticed that I had a lot more energy after taking it because I had a very restless night of sleeping I would recommend this to other people it's great and doesn't leave the feeling of gitterness afterwards. I also did not come down from the high afterwards. It was a very  natural feeling. Yes I would recommend and purchase this product again in the future
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ulani G.
California





Taste amazing doesn't give you a nasty after taste like most Energy Drinks. Very light and not very carbonated berverage which is amazing. Has a sweet taste but not too much just the perfect amount . Sometimes I need that extra boost of energy at work.  This drink woke me up for the rest of the morning,  would most definitely purchase again and recommend to friends and family. #TryNatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Robert A.
California





To be honest, I've never been a fan of energy drinks. I usually choose to go with the shots like the 5-hours just because I chug it and it's done. The Guru Energy drink actually has a natural taste though compared to the other energy drinks on the market which is good. The only issue I have with this is availability, This drink is not available a lot of places, which makes it hard to purchase when you do want to indulge. All in all, this is a MUCH better choice for energy drinks, the taste is pleasant and it gave me a nice jolt with absolutely no crash. I would recommend trying this for sure if you could find it! Thanks for the opportunity to taste.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sheena B.
California





I tried the original one.  It had pretty good flavor and definitely gave me more energy. I would buy it again. I would recommend it for those looking for an energy boost without the crash that comes after. #trynaturals
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Patty M.
California





I love the refreshing flavor of Guru Natural Energy Drink Lite and the fact that it is very low in calories because it is sweetened with stevia!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Amanda S.
Oregon





Delicious energy drink! Taste and quality and efficiency of the product i rate 5/5 ! Got a free one with the coupon i recieved and went back for more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Devin F.
California





Wow I really liked it it was a a very pleasant flavor. I think I really liked how it was very natural and the flavor itself didn't really overwhelm me.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Anna P.
California





It was very flavorful. I would really recomend this guru drink to all who like monster drinks. So give it a try. Delicious........ Yum...... ......#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






muriel b.
California





I tried Guru Lite right before playing tennis. It was the right amount of pick me up I needed to play a very satisfying game! I also liked the taste of it, the fact that is was organic, vegan, gluten-free, and only 5 calories! From now on I will try to incorporate Guru in my workouts as much as I can! Go Guru! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Leslie M.
California





Refreshing taste, clean and crisp. Gave me a subtle boost of energy without a crazy rush or a harsh crash. Good stuff! I found it at Sprouts Grocery.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jenn L.
California





I bought the lite version because I try to stay away from high sugar beverages. I like that the lite only has 3g of sugar and is sweetened with stevia. I enjoyed the taste of the energy drink; it has a light and refreshing cherry flavor. I definitely noticed an increase in energy and alertness after about 15 minutes. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it's still a little to sweet for me. I would buy it if I needed a quick boost of energy over other brands of energy drinks but I probably would not buy this on a regular basis since I currently purchase drinks like this only occasionally.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jamene U.
California





I enjoyed the lite Guru energy drink! It has a refreshingly crisp citrusy flavor but not too heavy a taste.  Only 10 calories! After 30 minutes I could definitely feel a nice boost. Not too jittery either.  #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nicholas A.
California





Wow I really liked it it was a a very pleasant flavor. I think I really liked how it was very natural and the flavor itself didn't really overwhelm me.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shannon M.
California





This definitely has a strong tang to it and it gave me the energy I needed. I was very happy that I now have another choice for an energy drink boost!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gordon Y.
California





It tasted sweet enough. It might've given a little bit of an energy boost. It's nice that it barely has any calories. It didn't seem like anything special though.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Star H.
California





My new favorite Energy Drink, Organic, Vegan, Non-Gmo, Gluten-Free, with no after taste like other brands I've had; I feel like a Guru foreal.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lawrence T.
California





This is organic, low calories,non-GMO  and the taste is good. i found it is easy to drink more than one. There is no crash or sick feeling. i absolutely love this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jennifer A.
California





Delicious taste and gave me the extra boost of energy I needed to get through my day.  I would highly recommend this energy drink to anyone.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nataliya T.
California





Very tasty drink will buy it again the drink gave me some energy and kept me going all day I will recommend this product to my fiends and family
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sara T.
California





The taste is very good and gives me little oomph or quick pick me up in the middle of the day.  The taste is very refreshing and not too heavy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Wendy B.
California





it was great. I really like the taste didnt feel jittery it gave me the energy i needed to stay awake for my trip that i drove all night and half the day
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rebecca W.
California





I am not a huge energy drink fan, due to the usual caffeinated cough syrup taste and often shakey feeling afterwards. However, with Guru I was actually pleasantly surprised! It tasted much better than other energy drinks that I have tried, and there wasn't such a drastic crash after the caffeine wore off. I like that I didn't experience any shakey feelings or feel ill after drinking. I will definitely be purchasing more when my coffee just isn't doing what I need.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jessica A.
California





I drink energy drinks on a daily basis and look for a low calorie option to fit my diet. I recently had the opportunity to try GURU Natural Energy Drink, and I loved the taste. It only contains 5 calories,  and is sweetened with Stevia which is a plus. I felt energetic during my busy day as a healthcare professional, and felt no crash at the end.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lai J.
California





tastes good, and i like it makes me feel more focused for the day. It is available in my grocery store, easy to find and easy to redeem my free coupon thanks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Erin S.
California





Lovely light taste. Not too sweet and sugary like most other energy drinks. This gave me a good buzz throughout my work day but didn't keep me up at night like some other caffeine drinks do.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cami C.
California





Drank an original guru before going to workout and it was just the right amount of energy boost! It doesn't make you feel jittery like some other energy drinks and I love that it is natural. I will definitely buy this again in the future!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alex M.
California





The Guru Energy Drink is a great tasting alternative to other energy drinks. I'm primarily a Red Bull fan but I got to try the Guru Energy Drink. It tastes a bit better than Red Bull but the crashes are way weaker. The price is cheaper than red bull. There are basically no downsides when compared to other energy drinks. All in all, 10/10 would buy again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Flora R.
California





This has to be the best energy drink that I have ever tasted. It is a light crisp, tangy citrus flavor that doesn't have a large aftertaste and gives me enough energy in the morning on my slow days.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sophia H.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks or coffee because they make my heart race and I get shaky but with half a can of this drink I didn't feel over-caffeinated.
I liked that it is low in calories and organic but that also limits where I can buy it in the future. I don't usually shop at Sprouts or Whole Foods so this would only be something I would get when I rarely make it into those stores.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Laura C.
California





The taste, like Guru's website describes, is very indescribable. It is very sharp and light with a medium amount of carbonation. The caffeine buzz is more "natural"... it has more of an upslope and downslope rather than a sudden cracked out (which is arguably awesome too in its own respect) then big crash sort of feeling. This is because the caffeine in Guru is derived from 125mg of Guaranine (Guarana Herb) rather than synthetically separated then added. There is no mention about how much of the 125mg of Guaranine is real caffeine, but since Red Bull checks in at 80mg / 8.3oz it seems that Guru is in pretty good shape.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mary C.
California





I tried the lite version and it has a nice fruity taste.  It tastes much better than other energy drinks on the market.  The price in the market is comparable to other brands.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Keyvan A.
California





The drink tastes very good, but the package is too small...needs to be much bigger and fatter...like the size of a Monster drink, but a bit bigger.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Claudia c.
California





Guru  Energy  Drink  has a good  taste  is Organic  and the best thing  of this  is naturally  caffeine  it comes  in lite version  and original  and I been buying it after  I tried  for the first  time ,I had recommend  to my friend  to make  it part of their  life too  .#trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jenessa F.
California





I loved this product! Was easy on my body and I didn't crash afterwards I kept the energy up and had a great feeling afterwards. I would highly recommend this drink and stopped the other brands
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lynn F.
New Jersey





I really enjoyed this energy drink!  It tasted great and the flavor was nice too.  I also am a huge fan of this drink over other energy drinks, because it is natural and organic so it is not so bad for the body!!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jasmine K.
California





Love the taste! I didn't know wat I would've thought about this drink because it's organic but it's, in my opinion, better than a cup of coffee!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Juliana N.
California





I usually don't like energy drinks, because I can't deal with the carbonation. Guru Organic Energy Drink was a nice surprise, because the carbonation isn't that bad - I actually let it sit a little and it got a lot better. The taste is very fruity and mild, and I really like how sweet it is. I tried it on a day when I had to be out early, and it really helped me feeling up while running errands. I'd recommend it and buy it again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Elizabeth K.
California





There's two sizes. I used the larger sugar free one before starting my 8am shift. I drank it throughout my shift. I absolutely loved the taste of it! The price isn't to bad either. With some of the energy drinks out there at least this one you know is organic and better for you so it's worth it. Energy wise I def felt it when I first started drinking it. It wasn't overpowering but the right amount of energy. I usually sip it throughout my shift. The only problem I had with it was that after the half way point my energy was decreasing but I would definitely recommend it to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Leandra W.
California





Love this product ! I would totally buy this product and I was not disappointed . I would totally recommend this to a friend and I recommend to anyone !
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


CAROL A.
California





Great. Hardly like energy drinks but thus one was really good. It was sweet but not excessively sweet. And the fact that it was organic was great. The right amount of energy for a great taste!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






wilson w.
California





Best natural energy drink. The taste is really good and it's not that rush of energy and bad shut down like other energy drinks. Gives you the energy you need that's for sure
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stacy F.
California





It taste great and lasted about five hours. Oh I love and and will 100% buy this drink .. Yo they should have different flavor ,, I totally recommend this .. It's a 10/10
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Astrid M.
California





So, I am not an energy drink person & I got this for my husband & he was really skeptic about it cause he's used to the regular energy drinks at the gas station. But, he actually really enjoyed this. He said it gave him more energy without the sugar-y crash that others give him after a couple of hours. This definitely worked for him & I felt better knowing that it has better ingredients for him. I was really against him drinking energy drinks, but thankful that this product is a lot safer for him. I would recommend this product to any & all energy drinkers.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Walter S.
California





I love these when I can't get to coffee in the am.
I have one during my lunch break.
Picks me right up!
No come down.
Always in Stock where I shop.
I want a t-shirt if your giving those out.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Patrick S.
California





Loved it! From drinking all kinds of "energy" drinks actually finding one organic, vegan, gluten-free and natural that has a great blend of taste and the right amount of "energy" Guru really is great!!! Definitely will be looking for these in to have instead of those other popular brands.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


David X.
California





I got the GURU original 12oz. The taste of it is kind of like a berry. Even though it has 30g of sugar, it does not taste that sweet.  It kind of leaves a minty, cooling sensation on my tongue. Overall, it is something different from the usual Monster Energy, Red Bull or NOS that i usually drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Diana L.
California





Excellent, great tasting energy drink that brings with every sip a spike of mental clarity and enthusiasm. I would highly recommend Guru energy drinks to folks needing a caffeinated boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jason B.
California





I liked the taste. One funny thing about this drink, they love the word natural. I counted, the word natural appears on the can about 12 times. But it doesn't really tell you what exactly is natural about it compared to other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Valerie M.
California





Tastes great!! Its a great drink!! I would get it again!! It gave me a energy boost!! I would let my friends about it!! I can't wait to try it again!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sara S.
Oregon





The drink was very cool and refreshing with a taste similar to redbull. I felt energized but didn't experience any crash or over-hype. I'm not sure how much of a difference it being organic made, but if the price isn't outrageous compared to its competitors I will happily repurchase. I definitely recommend trying once if you regularly consume energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nikol G.
California





I chose the original can. It tastes like a natural redbull ;) Didnt feel a lot of energy but enough to get through the day. Really love the clean taste of this - perfect amount of sweetness! Just a little pricy but otherwise good stuff!  :)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Karine H.
California





I really liked the taste of this.  I was skeptical about this drink given that it is an energy drink . I expected a crash ' sort of feeling but was happy to find out there wasn't one. I tried the lite version and enjoyed it !
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shyla M.
California





I loved that it didn't taste sugary and I didn't crash after it wore off. I'm glad I got to try it cause it will now be my go to when I need some energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mark H.
California





This product was tasty. I enjoyed Guru very much. I might just have to replace my current energy drink with my his product. It was effective and had a pleasant taste.  I recommend this product
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kristina S.
California





It's a healthy low calorie drink with a great taste!  I'm glad that I found an organic energy drink for those times when I just can't adult. It has no nasty aftertaste from chemical crap additions. I just love the ingredient list and the taste (to me) is similar to Red Bull. I drink it every day at work to get extra boost and it works wonderfully! Give this organic great tasting energy drink a try and it will become your favorite one!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Khrystina S.
California





I got GURU light and loved the taste! This energy drink is farily cheap, all natural, good buzz, and great for gaming,  studying and just keep you going! I also love the fact that it has cane sugar rather than high fructose corn syrup. Does NOT have that nasty faux sugar / sweetener after flavor. Definitely recommend it! You would fall in love like i did and can't imagine my life without it anymore!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Peggy A.
California





Tasted Great!!  I will buy this.  It perked me up and kept me going, i used it as a starter to wake up in the morning. .     As energy drink go I thinkn this is the best tasking one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kelly M.
California





Very sweet but it knowing its organic makes it a good alternative to red bull.  I haven't seen it in many local groceries but hope it will show up soon.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Talina A.
California





I loved the taste. It gave me very good energy. It didnt make me jittery or anything. And the fact that its organic is awesome. Ive brought more since i got to try it before i brought it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rachael P.
California





This energy drink tasted really good! I like all of the vitamins and natural, organic ingredients that are in it.  It seemed like I had energy through the day, and it didn't mess with my bedtime or anything. I'm definitely considering trying these again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sonja J.
California





I really enjoyed this drink-not too sweet or too strong. The aftertaste was acceptable, and, while it didn't boost my energy, that's my issue, not the drink's. (Energy drinks tend to make me sleepy. As does caffeine)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Alex K.
California





Another energy drink? Actually, Guru was really good. It didn't have a medicine flavor, but it was hard to identify what it was. I detected grape, citrus (lime and orange), and maybe berry. I didn't feel a spike of energy, but I didn't experience a crash in the afternoon. I would definitely buy this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dominique D.
California





I always have an energy drink on the weekends are love to try new ones. The fact that this was all natural was even more of a reason for me to try it. I really like that taste and it gave me energy, not jitteriness, which is awesome. I have purchased this a few times since.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michelle H.
California





I really liked the guru energy drink. too often energy drinks add alternative sweeteners and i can always taste the artificial nature of it, but this one had none of that.  (I did get the regular one, not diet, which has stevia). I dont know what flavor they were trying to go for... something fruity, but nothing distinguishable. The fact that it was natural and organic made it a great afternoon pick up choice while chasing my small children around. i would definitely recommend and purchase.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stephanie W.
California





provided needed energy boost! delicious just the right amount of caffeine. all natural too. liked the lite flavor. Naturally occuring caffeine
Organic
Vegan
Gluten-free
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Rob J.
California





Good drink. I like the taste. Tastes better than other energy drinks out there. Gave me energy. I also like that it is organic. #GotItFree but I will be buying more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Robin D.
California





I love this! Being an energy drink junkie, I'm always looking for the latest & greatest & I'm pretty sure I've found it. GURU Organic Energy Drink isn't overly sweet but it gives me the right boost of energy I need without the extra calories. Perfect for me! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gabriel V.
California





At first taste I thought it was a bit bitter and had a weird taste but the more I drank it, the better it began to taste. It was very smooth and not as gassy as red bull. I began to feel very energetic as the day went on. By nightfall it began to wore off and I was able to sleep like normal. It had no lasting effects like Red Bull or Monster drinks and it tasted real good.  I can see myself buying it again, especially because it has natural and organic ingredients. I would definitely recommend this energy drink to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Fumiki K.
California





Tastes very refreshing, and the bubble is soft.
I didn't feel caffeine kicked in like  red bull does, but you don't feel any chemical instead.
I like the taste better than any other energy drinks.
I would like to buy if I could find this product not only organic store, but any regular market.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marlene B.
California





I really liked that this was an organic energy drink. It didn't make me shaky and it tasted really wonderful. Thank you for helping me find an energy drink that I can really  enjoy!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shabri F.
California





Pretty tasty. I like that it's organic. It didn't make me antsy. It's sorta similar to Monster but without the BAD STUFF! I was happy that I could drink it without worries.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tawnia S.
California





It was yummy, I felt energized without crashing. It was yummy, I felt energized without crashing. It was yummy, I felt energized without crashing.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Max S.
California





I didn't know what to expect from this drink, what if the flavor was not as strong as other competitors? Or what if the effect was not as strong or at least the same? But having the promise that it is a natural product, and non-GMO why not giving it a chance? 
The result? It is great! As long as you drink it cold it is very refreshing, the flavor is delicious, and it really gives you a boost of energy, perfect for those moments when you need help to stay awake. Even when I got my coupon to get a free drink, I noticed the price is not that high, making it an even better option. 
I'm definitely buying it again, and I'm recommending it to both friends and family. It is a product of great quality and great flavor. It delivers what it promises and I'm a happy consumer.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Elzy S.
California





The taste was okay, definitely not what I expected from an organic energy drink which was a bad taste. Glad i tried something new. Will buy again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jessica W.
California





It was pretty tasty and I felt it worked almost as good as other energy drinks. Perhaps a little less as well but I felt better about it being natural and that was worth the slightly smaller effect. It didn't make my heart beat too fast or give me any of the weird side effects other energy drinks sometimes do.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Elizabeth f.
California





This was good. And refreshing. I like that it's gluten free and vegan,  and the caffeine is natural . This is a better alternative to other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dana C.
California





I actually tried the Original flavor, not the Lite, but I am interested in going back and trying the Lite. I enjoyed the Original very much, the flavor was not overpowering and medicine-y like some normal energy drinks can be. I also found myself having no real crash after drinking it and just continued about my day as normal.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kim C.
California





I liked it, it is not available everywhere though, but definitely a better energy drink. Does not cause a "crash" when it wears off. I drank it before work and it got me through the day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tawee R.
California





Very enjoyable! Tastes like a fizzy mélange of Jolt Cola, Double Bubble and Sweetarts -  complex dark cola flavors dance on the palette alongside hints of bubblegum and citrus, zaps you with a refreshing nose-tingling tang. Nice strong caffeine buzz without the jitters. Highly recommended!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Devin F.
California





Taste is good. Like that it is low cal. Nice option instead of Red Bull or Rockstar. Wish the caffeine was a little higher but can make that up with other stuff.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Elizabeth A.
California





This gives me natural prana all day and taste really good too which is never a disappointment. Its a energy drink that packs healthy ingredients which doesn't interfere with your gut flora or cause an acidic environment in the human body,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Teresa M.
California





I love the fact that Guru is natural and organic. I myself am not an energy drinker! My hubby drinks them every day. I am trying to get him to switch to the Guru! I think it tastes pretty good. I do recommend Guru to anybody who drinks energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nanette N.
California





I really loved the taste.  It is a great coffee replacement. What I loved about it is that it is organic.  I would definitely buy it again.  

You got to try it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Eric B.
California





I thought the product was tasty and flavorful. I would use the the product prior to exercise for a boost of energy.I purchased the drink from Sprouts.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cynthia D.
California





The guru organic energy drink really did the trick for me. I thought it was really good and it helped pick me up after when I was really tired.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Art C.
California





A great pick me up...... recommend this as a before workout drink so you can quickly burn the sugar.  I wish they used organic sugar vice corn syrup which is more in keeping with organic ingredients.  The Lite version uses Stevia which is much better.
I like the product and will continue to use as a pre-run supplement, but in the Lite version only.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kevin G.
California





Drink was good did not do much for me but I'm used to a lot more caffeine in my drinks for price I would not buy it again but I would recommend to people because it did have a good flavor
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Torri B.
California





I would like to point out first that it seems that only the "original" flavor is organic (if that is something that is important to you). It did have a slight Red Bull like taste but overall it is one of the better tasting energy drinks. It didn't make me super jittery but it did give me a lil extra pep to make it through a late night.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Fransisca A.
California





This natural energy drink helped boosted  my energy during that afternoon time! And hey... low calories too! The taste also good , not giving you gross fake sweeter feeling when you drink it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lindsey M.
California





I just tried the regular version of the Guru Organic Energy drink and it was quite good. The flavor was sort of similar to a very mild grapefruit flavor. I do feel energized, but I don't feel ill like some energy drinks can make you feel. Guru is refreshing and reading the ingredients the first thing I see is sparkling water. There is nothing chemical or strange in this drink. I would definitely switch over to this from the other drinks I have tried. If you want something light, refreshing, and tasty pick one of these up!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kyla C.
California





This product worked so well for my energy level. I was dead drag button tired when I drank it and felt steady energy all day. I would give a higher score, but whoo that aftertaste was something else; however it's nothing unbearable, just a slight bitterness. The drink itself is sweet though, the bitterness only comes after. My husband will probably stick to his normal energy drink, but I like this one myself.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maggie O.
California





For a natural energy drink, Guru was great. I liked that I knew what I was putting in my body and that the lite version of this drink only has 5 calories. However, I don't feel like it amped me up as much as a "regular" energy drink. It was a great substitute for my morning coffee, but I wouldn't rely on it for an all-nighter.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Michelle D.
California





I like how this energy drink only has 5 calories and it is sweetened with stevia. It tastes so good and not too sweet. I can enjoy one everyday because I don't feel bad about drinking it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Maria E.
California





This one is so great especially for those people who's addicted to energy drink. I love drinking it every morning cause it gives me energy and keep me awake for the whole day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nicole R.
California





The drink was pretty good, had a bit more of a taset of vitamins in it.

But all in all it was good! 

Will buy again 

Thank you for letting me try this
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Artnecia R.
California





I really like this energy drink. It gives me a boost, without the crash. I absolutely love it and will purchase it in the future.  The selling point for me is that this drink is organic, Gluten-free and doesn't contain any additives, as I believe are in other drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Yelena V.
California





I thought GURU's Organic Energy Drink had just enough kick to it  and loved the natural occurring caffeine. I will definitely be buying more energy drinks by GURU!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Herman S.
California





Yes i tried this guru energy drink was very tasteful n enjoyed it hope tht u all will consider having it available at my grocer Ralphs supermarkets
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






George Ann S.
California





I love that the product is all natural. The taste is great and gives me the right amount of energy without any jitters or crash. I've already recommended this product to friends and family.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Daniel D.
California





Different tasting than most of the energy drinks I drink, and I drink a ton. I am not sure that I would say it is better, but it is definitely a taste that I can get used to. Had a bigger boost compared to others as well.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Shaun A.
California





I work hard and I play hard, so sometimes I need a pick-me-up.  Some energy drinks taste terrible, some have crazy ingredients, and some help for a little bit then make me crash, or don't help at all.  Guru was great all around.  The flavor was pretty good, the energy increase was noticeable, and the ingredients were natural.  I would definitely buy it again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Gayatri D.
California





This drink tasted quite nice, almost like berries, and definitely better than a conventional energy drink. I drank it 6 hours into my work shift and I'm still up and running 10 hours later, and I've been awake for 17 hours total.  I would buy this if it were on sale, but other natural energy drinks are consistently cheaper. I would absolutely recommend this product to a friend or customer.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Krystina H.
California





The flavor is great. Taste like there is a slight berry flavor to it. It's not like your typical energy drink with all those additives in it that you don't know how to pronounce. Definitely does the trick like a regular energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cynthia F.
California





As a monster fanatic and a diabetic I am always happy to try new energy drinks that will give me the energy I need without the sugar that I don't need. Guru is a great substitute for the sugary/no sugar energy drinks. I love the fact that it is sweetened with Stevia and uses natural ingredients for the boost of energy you might need mid day or early morning. 

#socialnature #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dana S.
California





It was actually really good. I loved how it wasn't that high in calories it was only 100. But it tasted like a orange energy drink. So afterall it was really good.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Harley L.
California





This is a great way to boost up your energy without any harmful chemicals of other energy drinks. I drank it early in the morning and it immediately gave me a boost of energy, like a cup of coffee usually does, and I did not feel a crash throughout the day. It lasts a good 10-12 hours, by the time I was ready for bed I slept soundly, definitely a great product!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Zemyna R.
Massachusetts





This was a surprisingly pleasant beverage. I don't usually like energy drinks. Every now and again I break down and purchase one as an alternative to my usual coffee, but I'm not a big energy drink person. I think of them as having a rather off taste and an unpleasant effect on my heartbeat. This one, surprisingly, seemed to have neither of those. It was fresh tasting if you can believe it, and I found myself actually enjoying the flavor instead of merely tolerating it. The one detractor is that it did not seem to supply quite the same kick as a normal energy drink. The energy it did supply, however, came without heart palpitations or other unfortunate side effects, and for that I am quite grateful! I may not buy it often, but next time I reach for an energy drink I'll definitely reach for guru and I will not hesitate to suggest it to friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Joan C.
California





I always love energy drinks. This one is great since it's organic , Non-GMO and has low calorie. I just need drinks that are really refreshing and has a good price and GURU hits all those criteria and I'm so glad!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Dawn A.
California





Tasty product! Will definitely buy! The flavor was amazing, and knowing it is natural makes me very happy!! Natural is always better, especially when it tastes great!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brandi A.
California





Wow! This is delicious! Completely changed my perception of organic Energy drinks! Tastes so smooth and fruity! I will definitely purchase more!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rebekah S.
California





Great taste, not the chemical laden flavors of regular energy drinks and the perfect boost for my busy life. I love this drink!! Also, none of the jitters or crash after
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Cole J.
California





I'm glad that I was able to try this. It's honestly not to bad if you are looking for a more natural energy. But that being said there is some downsides. Natural Guarana has a steady rise of alertness and energy. But also comes with a sudden crash once it's all used up. That's because there are no synthetics that carry the Caffeine. The flavor is mellow yet sharp. Definitely has that "natural" flavor. All in all, it's not a bad drink. Definitely a plus for those looking for non synthetics and wanting natural energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Cita V.
California





Great energy drink!! I would definitely try it again. It's the right amount of energy I needed. I wasn't able to finish all but I sip on its through the day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


April B.
California





Got the regular guru. Had a lightly carbonated  texture & a fruit punch taste. Purchacing more within the next week. Wish i would have found the larger size.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






jaspreet k.
California





I was a big coffee drinker until i realized how much sugar and creamer I was consuming in my 'cup of joe'. I also realized the energy crash later was due to my coffee fix. Discovering Guru was the perfect answer for me! The taste takes a little getting used to, (best ice cold) but the energy boost is just right and I don't seem to have the crash later. My son uses it for work-outs, and my employer and I swear it makes us happy! Also, I have gotten so I like the taste. Please don't ever stop making guru!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Karen F.
California





Not overpowering like most energy drinks that I buy. This has no B vitamins and doesn't taste like a vitamin B drink. Instead it has a real smooth lite flavor. It has like a light fruit taste, almost like a carbonated flavored water/juice, and is really not too sweet. It taste real unique and is made with all natural ingredients. I like it, I would definitely recommend this product to help support the immune system. #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tina L.
California





I really love this GURU all Natural Organic Energy drink it gave me the Energy I needed to get through my day today I love the fact my heart didn't feel like it was gonna pop out of my chest and it did not give me the gutters I told my co-workers at work and shared the info with my family Thank You Social Nature for letting me participate in this campaign!☺
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Susan R.
California





I enjoyed the flavor of the Original flavor very much. I drank it at the start of my day to determine whether it would give me energy. It did, but I still needed a full cup of coffee about an hour later.  Probably best when needed just a bit more energy but not a full load.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Fung L.
California





I like it because its healthier than the main stream energy drinks.  like the taste of this product. I hope they will lower the price in the future.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kristy S.
California





I'm not normally an energy drink person.  I always worry that they are too unhealthy.  This one has good ingredients.  Sweetened with stevia.  The taste is nice and it didn't leave me feeling jittery or shaky like I thought it might.  Overall good drink.  A little too sweet for my taste, which is the only reason that I gave it a 4.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Yesenia V.
California





I really like the Guru Natural  Energy drink that's  vegan, organic, gluten free and with low calories. It has a nice taste and it does get you an energy boost . I hope we can get more flavors, we have to options Original and Lite(5 Calories).
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nicole A.
California





Loved it didnt feel the drowsy afterwards loved it.  Not sure what else to say about. I 💘 the taste it it. Please make other flavors that would be awsome
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kristina D.
California





I like all the features GURU has but it has interesting taste. I wouldn't say that it is my favorite flavor. This is the only issue I have with GURU energy drink. I recommended it already to most of my friends because some of them really like energy drinks and they drink a lot. So, instead of buying energy drinks that causes health problems, it is better to get an organic one. Nice product overall.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Jessie A.
California





Crisp flavor that's not too overwhelming like other energy drinks.  Gives a nice boost without all the added ingredients.  5 calories is a bonus as well, I love how I can enjoy this Energy Drink guilt free.
I was provided free for my Honest opinion and I love it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tiana S.
California





It had a really nice taste.  Ive tried other drinks that have a weird after taste, this does not!!  Its something I would buy on mu own, and recommend to my friends/family who are all about organic products.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christine C.
California





I am highly recommending the Guru Natural Energy Drink.  I really liked the fact that it is organic, vegan, gluten free and only has five calories per can.  I did not experience any jitteriness, shakiness or nervousness using this energy drink.  I really like the natural occurring caffeine as it gave me energy without the usual side effects of other energy drinks.  I was also very impressed with the taste of this energy drink.  No gross after taste.  I really enjoyed this energy drink and I have purchased it.  I highly recommend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marin M.
California





It was delicious. I liked its taste. I probably will buy it again and recommend it to people who like to drink energy drinks. Also, I liked that it is organic, vegan and gluten-free.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Jessica W.
California





Refreshing clean flavors. This energy drink also puts a zoom to zip. I enjoyed the flavor as well. I bought two since this trial one for me and one for my husband.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Aly H.
California





Good flavor actually couldn't find in stores so I bought on my own off of amazon. It woke me up but not jittery. Drank over long duration of time to ensure I didn't become too amped up
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kay z.
California





taste like redbull but less sugary, which was great because i didn't get that "crash" effect right away. Great flavour, kept me going for my 8hr shift smoothly!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






lola b.
OH





I must admit that I am always needing some sort of energy push, and I most definitely can become a connoisseur of energy drinks. Guru Natural Energy Drink came through 100%. The taste was not too sweet, and actually tasted like a flavorful light fruit beverage. Guru was not too heavy and I could feel the pick up immediately. Bottom line is this energy drink is great in taste, gives me the pick up I need, almost immediately, and does not hurt the pocket book, like so many other energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Stacey L.
California





My friend actually mixed it in his alcoholic beverage. He said it was a great taste and would definitely purchase this product. Also great having such low calories
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Janene Z.
California





Guru natural energy drink was much better than I expected.  The taste was very pallitable.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Amy D.
California





Well, I don't know how much energy I got from this, but it didn't seem to have any negative effects.  The flavor is good, hard to describe, and I really like that it doesn't have many calories.  It's not as expensive as alternatives such as RedBull, and I like that, too.  Overall I like it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






sally l.
California





My mother tried this and she liked this alot.  She says this made her feel more energized when she drank this.  She said she will try this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


REYNALDO D.
California





Great start to my day! Tastes great too. Will definitely recommend to a friend or family. And i got to try it for free. Care of social nature
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Diana C.
California





So I love the fact that this energy drink is organic. That is the best thing about it. I only had the one for sampling so I did give me a boost when i needed it and doesn't taste harsh like some of the other energy drinks I have tasted. Some are too sweet or not sweet enough and I think this one was balanced, but that is just my opinion. I liked it but the best things are that its vegan gluten free non gmo and it comes in light for those counting calories
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Robin H.
California





I had a difficult time finding this item in stores however I eventually did. The taste was pleasant and the drink seemed to give me a "boost" without any shakes. Being an organic product was a U.S...
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maria B.
California





Guru natural energy drink was great.  It tasted good, did not give me the jitters and I did not crash.  Great stuff.  Knowing that it is a natural energy drink makes it all the better.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Arnold F.
California





I rarely drink energy drinks but on occasion when I need a boost I try one and Guru was really effective in giving me a boost and the plus is it tasted quite good as well.  :)
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Chenay H.
California





I am usually not a big drinker of energy drinks but this one tasted good and had me full of energy! it didn't upset my stomach or make me feel sick or anything! #trynatural
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Dianne B.
California





I had a hard time locating this drink but when I did I found it to be ok. I was not impressed with the flavor but the fact that it is organic helped.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alison F.
California





Guru is my favorite energy drink. I typically don't purchase them as I don't care for the flavor and some gives me a headache. Guru had a nice light flavor effervescence. I will definitely purchase again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


amber s.
California





It was delicious, great price, made with natural ingredients, and easy to find! It gave me energy without the jitters and crash. I have ready recommended to friends that love it too.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Liane Chan C.
North Carolina





I've tried this Energy drink a couple of times now and found the taste pleasantly sweet. I guess it gave me more energy than usual, so a nice pick me up at the office.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Erika R.
California





This energy drink is my favorite overall. It is excellent quality and tastes delicious. It boosts my energy without the feeling of fatigue you get from coffee. Bonus is its natural ingredients organic for a guilt free pleasure
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mary H.
California





I had a hard time finding this in stores I frequently, so I had to wait until it was stocked.  I found it refreshing.  I don't normally drink energy drinks, as I don't need boosts.  However, finding an organic one should I need it was helpful.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Brittany H.
California





Has a great taste and not too sweet. Love that is natural caffeine. And the fact that is organic is the best part about it.
Love this as I do not really drink other energy drinks due to added ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Scott B.
California





Great flavor and fast pick me up. love that it is lite and low in calories. I will tell my friends and have already purchased again.  My whole family enjoys it and we try to drink it regular.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Bárbara M.
California





I'm not into buying energy drinks unless is a green juice, however I think this is an interesting product it being a more natural alternative and with organic ingredients. I liked the taste and it made me feel good! Especially with me being partly sleep deprived being a new mom. I would definitely recommend this product and will likely buy it again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Merrique R.
California





It gave me energy without a sugar crash. I was able to go all day with only a few breaks which was pretty awesome. I love that it's gluten free.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lulu W.
California





I received a coupon to purchase this item free and it came in the nick of time. I had been in a allergy fed gloom for two days my usual pills where not doing the trick.  I tried this and nothing happened immediately but within two hours my gloomy doom was gone.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Alejandra T.
California





I usually don't like energy drinks, but this one was okay. wouldn't really buy it again. I did really like the packaging. I would not buy this product but maybe would recommend to someone that likes organic drinks
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Lorna P.
California





it had a natural flavor, wasn't too strong,, did not make me shaky and it was organic. I would consider purchasing it again for sure.  Good deal!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Teresa K.
California





I don't usually drink energy drinks since most are full of ingredients that can do more harm than good.  However, I recently attended an all day training for group fitness and I decided it to try out the GURU natural energy drink  to prepare me for the intense physical activities of the day.  Normally, I am sensitive to caffeine, but I didn't particularly feel any jitters or side effects when I drank GURU natural energy drink.  I liked the taste, which didn't have an aftertaste, as what I would expect...and it kept my energy going throughout the day.  Overall, I enjoyed trying this product out, and like that this is a healthier alternative energy drink than what's on the market.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Janet R.
California





Great taste, great mood lift, & without the crash!  I would most def recommend this to my friends & family!  What better drink could you get!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






michelle b.
California





i loved it. it has a great taste. i felt energized for a few hours. i love that it is gluten-free, vegan & non-gmo. and, yes, i would definitely recommend to my friends and family.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Grace H.
California





I liked the Organic Energy Drink but I wasn't too impressed with it. The taste was interesting because it was organic, but overall was okay!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Oran K.
California





was better tasting than redbull plus its natural i drove 5 hrs from la to vegas full of energy and no crash i would really recommend this drink
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ricky S.
California





What a great drink and pick me up in the middle of the day. Not too fizzy and very energetic.  Not too sweet or heavy.  Totally works for pre workout.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Bonnie C.
California





I tried the original energy drink. The taste was fine. It tasted like other ones I've had. I had no problems with it. I don't know if it really gave me more energy. I felt the same after I drank it. It didn't make my heart beat faster like other energy drinks. That was a good thing.  I may try it again because of it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Elizabeth H.
California





I usually HATE the taste of energy drinks, however the GURU Natural Energy Drink is so different!  I actually LOVE the refreshing, crisp flavor.  It gives me energy without the caffeine jitters , and best part is it tastes great too.  I love that it is also all natural and does not have horrible chemicals in it and dangerous levels of caffeine.  I will most certainly be purchasing this energy drink from now on for my commute to work every morning!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Christina F.
California





This energy drink is by far better than any of the name brands that I've tried. It provides great energy without the jitters and without the after energy crash
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Star S.
California





I am surprised that this didn't taste as bad as most energy drinks. I try to avoid energy drinks unless I really need to have one. To me, it's a 4 star product because I wouldn't grab it if I was shopping in the store unless I was really in the need for it. It's not that bad but it's not something I would put in my body every time I need an energy boost. I am trying to be more "whole food, clean eating" type of person.  I would recommend this to others though!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Joanna R.
California





Great pre-workout drink to boost your focus and give you a bit of energy before a game or race. Tastes best served cold! Try it for yourself
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Amanda r.
California





It was ok not sure if i would drink everyday but it wasn't to bad i might or might not buy this drink but on the other my son loved it thats a plus
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kirsten H.
Kansas





I had my husband try this natural energy drink instead of his usual filled with nonsense energy drink. And he said he liked it! The flavor was good, gave him good energy to get through his shift!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


kay s.
California





Love the taste! Take it to keep me going throughout my day it helps. I like that it is sweetened with stevia... Will definitely buy when I need a pick me up
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






M M.
California





Better than other energy drink, I really enjoyed each and every lil' sip. I would highly recommend this to my family and friends.  I would say I like it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Lupe T.
California





Really surprised at the taste of this energy drink. The ones that I have tasted before were strong and the flavor was not very pleasant but this drink was different. The taste was so refreshing and energizing. Not too mention it's Vegan. I have found my new energy drink to take with me to give me that energy boost that we need every now and then.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Allysin V.
California





This actually worked to give me energy. I work in a physically demanding environment, and after 12 hour days, I really just have enough for the commute and then to crash out when I get home. Not so great when I am the primary caretaker of an energetic toddler. Much to my relief, the GURU drink was offered and for me it was a must have.
It actually worked rather well. The taste was smooth and not funky like a lot of energy drinks tend to be. It gave me the energy to keep pushing as I drank it with my break meal. It takes a lot to pep me up, but surprisingly, this did. Kudos!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Candice D.
California





A slightly sweet and fizzy all natural energy drink that doesn't make you feel guilty about drinking it. The can was easy to hold and I liked the design on the label, it was very eye-catching. I liked how I felt like I was drinking a soda but without all the extra calories. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a quick and long-lasting pick me up.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jacqueline P.
California





this stuff was really awesome!! I have told all of my friends to buy it. Very tasty, color was ok, tastes really good when it is cold!

Thank you so very much!, 
Jacqueline Padilla
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kelly G.
California





I liked that it was all natural but still gave me the energy I needed to get through the day.  It had a good tasted to it and I really enjoyed it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






lor h.
California





This is a great energy drink. It tastes great and in my opinion worked better then others I've had in the past. I also didn't feel like I had the crash you get with similar products.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Susanna L.
California





I loved it, it tasted great and gave me just the right amount of energy with no jitters. I liked that it had real cane sugar instead of artificial sweetener.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Gayle S.
California





One of the best energy drinks I ever tried.  Didnt leave me feeling jittery.  The taste was not as sweet as other energy drinks. I like that it is organic, vegan and gluten free.  I would definately buy this again.  It was easy to find at the grocery store.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Bonnie S.
California





I think it's good, but I wouldn't buy it. It tasted better than any energy drink I have had in the past, however it didn't seem to give me an extra boost of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Cherry O.
California





Love that this has natural and organic ingredients, gluten free, and is NON-GMO project verified. Gave me the much needed boost for the day. It has the usual energy drink taste.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Andrea C.
California





When taking all factors into consideration this is best energy drink by I've had hands down. The taste is unique, not artificial at all. The effect is more of a smooth climb with a bonus increase in mental awareness. No initial energy jolt and no hard crash. That being said if you have been up for two days you will not reap the full benefits of any energy drink, get some sleep.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Marlin R.
California





I love this product! It gave me soo much energy....love it!!! I am a busy mommy and this works marvelous ....this is just great after workout
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


sample h.
California





When taking all factors into consideration this is best energy drink by I've had hands down. The taste is unique, not artificial at all. The effect is more of a smooth climb with a bonus increase in mental awareness. No initial energy jolt and no hard crash because instead of just caffeine anhydrous, this uses a blend of guarana, ginseng, and gingko biloba for energy., I can easily say that GURU is among the very best. Using natural, organic ingredients (organic, vegan, no gluten, no GMO's) and natural caffeine, GURU manages to be tastier than most of the competition without having to resort a bevy of artificial flavors.I find the taste enjoyable,  It's not too harsh and has refreshing flavor.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Hannah L.






LOVE!! This thing is just sugar but it does give me a boost of energy. I did not experience any crash. The taste is fruity and fantastic. Definitely recommend and will repurchase!!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


humera t.
California





love this new energy drink best part is that its organic Non-GMO with Naturally occurring caffeine gave me tons of energy with just 5 calories which is kinda cool
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Araceli A.
California





I drink energy drinks on occasion but not all the time. I usually don’t like getting the jitters and some do cause jitters. I also hate the taste of some of them. I really wanted to try Guru because I have never had Organic energy drinks before. I decided to take one after returning from a trip in the afternoon and decided that I wanted to go to yoga that night but wasn’t sure if I had the energy for it. I took it about an hour before going to the gym I ran for 15 minutes and did an hour yoga class.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted. It had a light sparkling natural taste. I felt really great throughout my workout. I didn’t get this surge or jolt of energy, but I noticed that I didn’t feel tired at all. I also never got the jitters which was my biggest concern. I really like Guru. I'm very impressed.  I would recommend it to any of my friends.
**I received this complimentary product for testing and reviewing purposes.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Shiva R.
California





Loved how it was gluten-free, it gave me some energy, however Im not much of a energy drinking person, but overall good! It was perfect sweetness to me, good taste and easy to find at the store!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Victoria I.
Maryland





I could taste the green tea, which was a little too strong of a taste, but I definitely felt energized and didn't have to worry about a sugar crash afterward.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


EVGENIYA S.
California





I like that its all organic and natural! Taste is good. I used it during a hard working day and it definitely helped me to stay alive till the end. Will recommend to my friends as a good alternative for other energetics
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nora L.
California





This was really good and didn't feel like it gave me a bad jolt or a crash after. The taste was more mellow compared to the flavor of the fruit punch rockstar drink. I enjoyed drinking this healthier drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Marla K.
California





it was great tasting and i love them thanks for the sample i bought a few more i like them so much and so did my older son i will be getting more soon
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






April G.
California





I really liked the Guru Natural Energy Drink.  It had a nice flavor. I drank it before a workout, and it gave me plenty of energy to sustain me during and after my workout. I love that it is all natural, organic , and non GMO. I tried the original one in the 8oz size, and would definitely recommend this to my friends.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


daphne c.
California





the drink is good because it is sweet and good . It was my first time drinking this product. I would like to buy it and drink more of it because it is very good.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Lexi K.
California





Not as harsh as other energy drinks. I prefer this one to any! The taste also isn't so potent compared to other energy drinks, as well. & I love the fact that it's only 5 cals!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


LAUREN G.
California





TRIED GURU LITE. TASTED GREAT WITH ONLY 5 CALORIES. WISH IT WAS MORE AVAILABLE IN ALL STORES ORGANIC AND VEGAN!! IT HAS NATURAL OCCURRING CAFFEINE WHICH IS A GREAT SELLING POINT FOR ME
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Macie H.
California





Tasted great! I got the low calorie version. I definitely felt energized after drinking it. I loved the fact that it was made from naturally occurring caffeine.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


gera m.
California





Great product you can't go wrong with a vegan energy drink! I thought the tatse of it was really pleasant and I also noticed that after I drank it before my run I had a lot of eneegy to finish all my miles. I recommend this for teens and adults.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jill B.
California





Delicious, I like that it's vegan non-GMO and made with high quality ingredients. It did give me more energy (I stayed up later anyway), although, I usually don't try to have more energy, I just like that it's a good beverage. #GotItFree #VeganTown #VeganInSanDiego
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Flor L.
California





I really did like Guru energy drink. The best part it's organic. It did have quite Bit of sugar but the taste was great.  As for flavor it taste like a fruit drink. Plus it did gave me some energy through the my day.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Leticia B.
California





Nice presentation the drink tasted ok I'm not into energy drinks but this tasted ok to me thank you for the free tasting.
I would recommend it to anyone that likes energy drinks
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Maria J.
California





Love it! I am so satisfied whit this product ! Not to sweet very tasty I am working at food service, allways runing and Organic Energic Drink its just perfect! Plus its natural!!! Well Done guys! Thanks
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






TRACY O.
California





I really like this! Good for you ingredients, tastes great, no funky after-taste, and lower carbs and sugars compared to similar products. Additionally, the cost is much lower compared to other brands.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Bee B.
California





What I liked about the guru energy drink is that is organic, its much better than all those high sugar energy drinks. This only has 5 calories and is non-gmo, its natural and pretty tasty.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Laura A.
California





Wow guru is organic vegan and it gives you so much energy and it is non gmo! Finally a healthy drink that gives you energy with natural caffeine
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nancy S.
California





This Guru energy drink was good tasting and gave me a boost in energy. I will purchase this and I will recommend it to friends. I prefer to puyrchase only orgabic foods and drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Isabel R.
California





The best natural energy drink and tried the Guru is always really recommend you feel very well and is natural and organic and can be purchased at sprouts
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


deanna h.
California





great tasting energy drink. would highly recommend thisi really loved trying this product. it was better than I thought it would be and will buy again
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Randy S.
California





the Guru energy drink was good. it tasted good and did increase my energy. i drank half of the can at one time and it was good for 2 days. I would purchase and recommend this energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Mellodee M.
California





I got a coupon to try Guru Energy Drink. I thought it was pretty tasty. It had a nice boost of energy without the jitters or crazy crash. I will definitely get this again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Colin C.
California





I always try to eat and drink healthy especially when it's organic.   Normally I am not a fan of energy drinks  because of the ingredients that are hard to read and understand.  Since this one was organic,  I enjoyed it more because of the enjoyable taste, unlike other energy drinks. Plus it's healthier and has organic ingredients.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sarah M.
California





I drank it in the morning and it gave me energy into the midday. It tasted good, better than other energy drinks I've had. And it didn't have an unpleasant after taste!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Philip R.
California





Who knew they made organic energy drinks with natural caffeine? I was surprised how good this tasted and it really perked me up too! I prefer it now to Red Bull and can't wait to try other flavors. I really love that this is organic, gluten free and non GMO. Guru energy drink is my new fav!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Katherine S.
California





It was so good! I would definitely recommend this to everybody. I drank this drink on my break at work and it helped me get through my 8 hour shift. It wasn't too sugary for me and it had the best taste for an energy drink. I would definitely buy drink again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






T. R.
California





This is the best energy drink that I have ever had and I have tried all of them.  This not only gave me energy, but it tasted great.  This brand gave me just enough energy.  I didn't give me jitters, which I can ad do appreciate.  Try this drink if you need a little pep in your step.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tinka R.
California





I am use to drinking energy drinks that most are accustom to, but this drink surely surprised me.  I was thinking that this would not be as good as the one I drink mostly.  Do you know that this drink tasted better?  I was pleasantly surprised that this drink was not only great tasting, but gave me the energy that I needed.  I wish I knew about this brand sooner as it seems that I am always the last to know about great products.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kristine K.
California





For being a natural energy drink it's pretty good! There's not many on the market like this and compared to other not all natural drinks it's great!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nikki C.
California





I couldn't personally try it due to being pregnant and not having much caffeine, so I gave it to my husband to try. Took him a bit to get use to the flavor. He's use red bull and monster. I got him the original and it seemed to give him great energy. Will buy more for his long and early work days. We got the original since my husband hates anything "lite". I look forward to having one later.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Joanna N.
California





I enjoyed trying this Guru natural energy drink and it really gave me the boost of energy I need to kick start my day.I like that it uses natural products and is safe for consumption and good for your health.I felt mentally alert and energized immediately after using this product.I helps me feel energized during my strenuous workouts at the gym and I feel great after drinking this!I would recommend this to anyone that needs the extra energy to kick start their day and get through a busy day.I liked the taste and I felt like the energy drink worked quickly and efficiently to give me the energy to do what I need to do!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Danielle L.
California





Pretty good energy drink. Seems to work pretty well and has a pleasant flavor. I tried the original flavor and would definitely purchase again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Heather F.
California





Great flavor and kept my energy up!  No bad aftertaste!  Loved that it was easy to find in my local Sprouts, and has only 5 calories.  Will definitely try it again!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Eleonora F.
California





I love it! I'm a coffee person, and I was looking for a  natural energy drink! I love it and it's sweetened with Stevia too! Such a great way! This Organic Energy Drink works for me, if you are working on food service for 9 hours , you need it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Kenny H.
California





Clean. Crisp. Refreshing. It's a clean energy drink without all the added junk, and it actually tastes pretty good. The flavor isn't amazing but it's still good. If I want an energy drink I'd go for something like this.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Michelle T.
California





I had this as a mid-day energizer, and was surprised on how much more awake it made me. The taste was nice and sweet, as I tried the original flavor. I appreciate how it is organic, Non-GMO, and vegan.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






zilda b.
California





Guru natural energy was really good! Lots of sugar tho! But I liked it!! I really like the flavor compared to other energy drinks!! It did serve its purpose!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Hannah Y.
California





gave me good clean energy! it was so delicious and it has good ingredients. better than the average energy drink out on the market. YUMMY!!!
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review






Marina R.
California





I realized being a nursing mom i couldnt have this. So i gave it to my husband who was wide awake hopping around like a bunny around work. He said it tasted good and wish he had it sooner.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Madison B.
California





I love this energy drink! It tastes amazing and is so much better than the generic rockstar or red bull! I love that it is organic and is made with good ingredients
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Madi B.
California





I love guru energy drinks so much! It's so amazing that they are organic! The flavor tastes amazing and they give me so much energy without the shakes
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Greg B.
California





This energy dink is so good! It has the best flavor and what I love the most is that it is organic! I would never go back to any other energy drink!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Maddy M.
California





I love guru energy drinks so much! My husband does as well! It gives you enough caffeine without the crash! We love that it is organic as well!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kazuko S.
California





It has a berry taste to it. It didn't taste overwhelming. I loved it! Its a great size and it sure did keep me energized for a nice period of time. I would actually buy this again.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






LuvBug A.
California





I had never tried an organic energy drink and this was very tasty. Didn't make me feel jittery like other non organic energy drinks I've tried in the past. Like!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


araina Q.
California





I loved it I'm always on the go it fid glue me a lots of energy I would recommend  it to all my friends they always want to try a new energy  drinks so the is the perfect  drink
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Rachel W.
California





I'm so glad I found this energy drink. I can so appreciate that it does not include horrible sweeteners like aspertame or splenda. I also prefer the taste of the drink over the taste of Monster or Rockstar. I also really love that it doesn't give me the jitters that those other popular drinks do. I felt the energy, but it was a smooth increase of energy...not something that made me feel sick or anxious. I would totally recommend.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Melody P.
California





I loved this item because it's vegan and organic. The taste is also incredible and would definitely trade the monster that I now consume for guru. Positive experience.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






ROMINA V.
California





My husband tried it and loved it, it wasn't as sugary as most drinks are. However not being a scientist we just cant understand the Organic and energy drink link... not a bad thing but this really gave you a bit of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Binyomin T.
California





I really liked this product. It has a delicious grape taste. After drinking the can I felt like I had more energy to get through the day. I also appreciated that it is organic,
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Crystal M.
California





Tasted pretty good for an energy drink, and the ingredients seemed rather natural too. I really appreciate a company who cares about what they are putting in.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Dee W.
California





Actually quite tasty, no jittery feeling.  No quick crashing, works well and is a great pick me up.  Going to keep these on standby for when I need that extra boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Yvonne M.
California





The original has too much sugar, but the price and flavor are good. Next time, I would try a light. However, I'm not sure that there's anything particularly "better" about a natural energy drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Danielle K.
California





Delicious taste and I love that it is organic, vegan, and gluten free! Helped give me more energy which lasted for hours. Would definitely buy more.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Phoenix V.
California





I appreciated the chance to try this drink. It's great to have a healthier organic alternative without the additives & artificial flavours that are part of many energy drinks.  I found it very refreshing, with just enough sweetness. It did increase my energy somewhat without making me feel overly amped up. I also love that it's vegan & non-GMO. The only reason that I wouldn't buy it as frequently is because I found the taste a little strong, but it's a good product that I plan to drink occasionally.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Margit Z.
California





I liked that the drink has low calories and gluten free. Since I buy organic food most of the time I will include it in my shopping list.  It is a healthy drink after my lunch at work.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Nita N.
California





Tried the lite version, great refreshing taste and only 5 calories! Felt energized without being jittery. Excellent alternative to sugary energy drinks...
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Joann L.
California





I am in love with this drink. I drank it earlier today for work and gave me a boost of energy.  I did not have the crash like I used to get with other energy drinks.  I like that it is all natural caffeine and the energy is just enough to get through the day. I will definitely purchase this in the future! 5 stars on my book.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Judy V.
California





I really loved this product, I am a huge fan of energy drinks. Most conventional ones contain so many terrible ingredients, so it's kind of hard to justify purchasing them. It took a while for me to get a hold of this product since the store is a bit far, I wish they sold this in more locations. I really enjoyed it, it was sweet; but not overwhelming need water feel. It was very smooth and fizzy, and it didn't contain stevia. I usually hate natural organic drinks that contain stevia since they give me a headache; this product didn't do that. I enjoyed every minute of it and didn't want it to end. I would completely recommend this to everyone, I will purchase it on occasion since it's a bit higher in price; although I can justify paying higher for a healthier alternative. Overall I was beyond impressed, I was very surprised by the quality; I truly enjoyed it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Victoria V.
California





It's o.k. not my cup of tea, but it's something I can occasionally drink from time to time. I was pretty excited to try it out and see what it taste like. I would love to describe the taste to it but I really can't explain it.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Sandy N.
California





Ive never tried an organic energy drink before. I liked that it was low in calories and was a natural energy drink. I liked that it didnt make me crash because the caffeine was naturally occurring. I thought it tasted pretty good, I drank it cold straight from the can. I found this at Sprouts. They had a regular and lite version of this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Eli g.
California





such an awesome product. finally a good tasting drink. naturally organic, vegan and with lots of flavor. i found this at my local health store and it was grate
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Pedro V.
California





When I first came across this product I was a bit skeptical since I have tried several other energy drinks and have had a horrible withdrawal experience. This was my first time trying an organic energy drink and it was great! The taste is wonderful along with the energy boost I needed. It did not make me feel jittery nor did I crash. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for either a healthier alternative or just needs a quick boost.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Le U.
California





I really liked this drink and it being natural is a nice change.  This is an energy drink that I look forward to purchasing again! I liked to taste and natural caffeine .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jeneique J.
California





I purchased the original 12 oz Guru . I had to purchase the original due to the sweetener used in the lite. This energy drink had a great taste to it . I read all the ingredients before drinking and was confident I was drinking something better for me. Comparitive to other energy drinks this was the only one I could drink .  I drank this on a day when I had no coffee and it did the job of my coffee .
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Janet W.
California





gives me the energy needed! I like the fact that it is organic because i want to make sure the products I am consuming dont affect my body like others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jackie M.
California





I like it . Although it is not something I would purchase but I would recommend it to a friend that might like it and purchase it themselves.
Would you purchase again? -  No
original review



  


Hiromi B.
California





The taste was better than I expected, and it was easy to find at a nearby Whole Foods. I liked it. I wish the price is a bit lower than I saw there.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Amy Z.
California





I really loved the flavor and it works great I was also extremely happy that it was organic,I would highly recommend this product to someone to buy
That's how great it was.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Kathryn K.
California





Sometimes even the healthiest and most conscious of foodies wants to imbibe in a 'naughty' energy drink in a can,   Really cool that Guru has an organic alternative.  I couldn't be happier for this option to arrive!  Sadly I usually only buy things on sale, but I am definitely going to keep my eyes peeled for when they are so I can stock up on some more.  =D
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






daphne c.
California





The drink was good. It was tasty and i liked it very much. First time trying the drink and was sweet. I would like to tell other people about this drink.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Nalani T.
California





This tasted great to me. I felt the flavor was quite a bit better than any other energy type drink I've tried. I wish it was sold in more stores but its available in a few near me. Overall, this was good! I really liked it!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Laury D.
California





I like that this is a non GMO product. I really have only found this product at one store, anyways after I tried this energy drink I liked the flavor. I also got a a good amount of energy from it and I didn't feel like it was energy from sugar either, I liked the way this energy felt, it felt natural. I would purchase this product again.  I received this product free or at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Christina P.
California





I love the flavor of the energy drink and what I especially liked about this is that it is only 5 calories.  It also is vegan and gluten-free it is also organic. It gave me a lot of energy.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Jennifer S.
California





I like that Guru natural energy drink is made from natural ingredients.  I just would prefer it to have less sugar.  The store I went to did not have the lite variety.  I would prefer the lite one.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Brad k.
California





Loved it. What's great about GURU is that it's not full of crap. And by that I mean pretty much everything in a RedBull. I love Redbull though, wait no, I love the IDEA of Redbull and that's exactly what GURU is! All the benefits without the toxicity.  I will always grab these now instead of the Redbull. I care about my health!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Stacy K.
California





This energy drink is awesome.  You know that it is healthy because it is only carried in healthy stores.  This drink gives me lasting good energy without crashing later on.  Give it a try, it works great! I received this for free for testing purposes
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Tinkey K.
California





First I want to tell you that this Energy drink Have my name on it :)-. I love the taste and that it is all organic. But I have tried the one with the red can and black GURU on it. Because that's what I had on my free coupon. I wasn't sure so that's what I grabbed what it shows in picture.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Tiffany J.
California





This organic energy tasted great! It did give me a good energy boost during my day. I like the fact that the ingredient list are organic ingredients. I would highly recommend this product to others.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Sarah S.
California





This was a great pick-me-up for a busy day. It didn't give a jolt of caffeine like some other brands, but gave me a little boost. The flavor was crisp and fresh, not thick and syrupy like some other energy drinks. I love that it's sweetened with Stevia instead of a chemical sweetener!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Mia P.
California





Very effective with lasting energy throughout the day, will be buying again might even switch from Red Bull and/or Monster energy, best part is that it organic!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


amanda m.
California





I have tried many different energy drinks in the past & Guru fits right in with the rest of them. The plus side is that this did not taste any different than non natural products. Bubbly with a smooth flavor. I felt awake after drinking it without having any of the "bloated" feeling afterward that some dinks leave me feeling. Overall I was very pleased and would recommend especially if you only want to drink natural energy drinks.
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review






Clementina M.
California





Low calorie natural energy drink. You can not beat it! The taste is not the greatest but what energy does. Thank you for the energy provided!
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review



  


Ann W.
California





this drink is so good. I really like the taste too. I drink it before my workout.I would love to tell everyone facebook about this product. yum
Would you purchase again? -  Yes!
original review




 








