

	INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE Trademark of INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC. Serial Number: 85244096 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE










 
Get FREE email alerts













INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE  Trademark Information
 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC
Energy brokerage services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
energy   brokerage   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark by INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC 
                                in PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19104.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC of the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, February 16, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE by 
                        INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLC, PHILADELPHIA, PA  19104.
                        The USPTO has given the INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85244096.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE is 
                        
                        
                                            Alicia Morris Groos of 
                                            Fulbright & Jaworski LLP,  98 San Jacinto Boulevard, Suite 1100, Austin TX 78701 
                                .
                            The INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE 
                            is Energy brokerage services. 
                            





Word mark:
 INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/11/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: September 11, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85244096


  Filing Date:  
2/16/2011


 Registration Number:  
4206898 


 Registration Date:  
9/11/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Energy brokerage services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/7/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

INDEPENDENCE ENERGY GROUP LLCPHILADELPHIA, PA  19104
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ENERGY ALLIANCE")


 Correspondent:


Alicia Morris Groos
Fulbright & Jaworski LLP
98 San Jacinto Boulevard, Suite 1100
Austin TX 78701






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/11/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Alicia Morris Groos


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search independenceenergyal on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE 




INDEPENDENCE ENERGY ALLIANCE is providing Energy brokerage services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Independence Energy Alliance | Choices Change Lives















































Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to primary sidebar
Skip to secondary sidebar
Skip to footer




Independence Energy Alliance
Choices Change Lives



About Us
Blog en Español
Contact Us















Search for:











About Us
Blog en Español
Contact Us
 







 

Blog at WordPress.com.














 






































































































































                  Ripoff Report | independence energy alliance Complaint Review philadelhia, Pennsylvania                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.   Get Started       Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Services > Utility Companies > Independence Energy Alliance > Independence Energy Alliance Adagio Energy, A Hidden Fee Is Theft By Deception Philadelhia, Pennsylvania       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #826296     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: independence energy alliance      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Sat, January 21, 2012   Updated:  Sat, November 10, 2012    Reported By:
									    numberonesuspects —
	                                    neptune New Jersey
	                                    United States of America									         independence energy alliance  3711 market street, philadelhia pa 
				    							philadelhia, Pennsylvania								      		 United States of America     Phone: 2672985312 Web: energy plus holdings  Category: Utility Companies            independence energy alliance adagio energy,  A Hidden Fee Is Theft By Deception philadelhia, Pennsylvania *Consumer Comment: Who is the ripoff? *UPDATE Employee: Consumer Misunderstanding Between Energy Supply and Energy Deliver *General Comment: Questions regarding this complaint   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 3Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!    
										Energy Plus Holdings is large independent energy company that was established in 2007 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The company offers electric power supply through natural gas services and Energy Plus Holdings LLC. Energy Plus provides its services in Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and much more. Energy Plus provides different options to consumers which search for non-polluting variants which reduce influence of traditional energy sources. The company also offers its customers special discounts on a number of products. Energy Plus is licensed by a number of authorities throughout several states of the country, including the Public Utility Commission of Texas, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, the New York Public Service Commission, and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities.  Independence Energy Alliance is a subsidiary of Energy Plus. It costs $369 for their website, plus a $21 monthly service charge. An associate, emphasis is on encouraging others to become asssociates while inviting consumers to make the switch to green energy, for "free". They offer consumers an opportunity to save money on their energy bill, a 5% annual rebate (representing a percentage of that calender year's energy bill), surge protection, unemployment insurance and payment of that month's energy bill if service is interrupted. Associates earn commissions on all active consumer accounts, plus bonuses and residuals. They also promote the "best" compensation package in the MLM business. However, theirs is identical to 5Linx. I was brought in by Linda Doucette, whos father paid for my website, on the condition that I bring a certain number of customers in a specific period of time. I told Linda I was skeptical for one reason: The free termination option did not protect me from a higher electric bill. Nothing prevented my energy bill from increasing, then i can terminate, but I still owe for a higher bill. She stated, "No, that would be fraud."  So, I agreed to join in. I even attended their October 25, 2010 seminar in Hoboken. I remember the date because its the same day i passed the driver's test and got my driver's license. I switched my energy just to be sure. I was not going to sell or promote a fruadulent contract. I approached churches, business, organizations (PBA, PTA, etc), and apartment complex building managers. The goal is toget associates under you who bring accounts. Hence, it made sense to attract people in positions of trust who had acces to more than hundreds of people at once. I served 19 years in orison and its hard to find gainful employment. becoming an IEA associate sounded like an attractive deal. I could run my business via. email and be a stay at home dad and care for my son. My first energy bill was more than $30 higher. The IEA energy rate was higher than my usual JCP&L rate. I called JCP&L and told them to terminate the green energy supplier. Then I called IEA and told them I no longer wanted to be an associate. The woman explained to me they (IEA) does not promote a lesser energy bill - I went to my website and read to them the information they gave me to promote.  Nothing with the information they provide informs the consumer they must pay the service charge. They only stated that green energy will by provided through "your current energy provider." generally, JCP&L charges a $30 service/delivery fee. She stated "That's why we give 5% cash back, to cover the service charge." The service charge is $360 a year, plus what i owe to IEA for the green energy. No matter how theytry to explain it away, the energy bill increases by the service charge and the higher IEA energy rate. She even had the audacity to tell me "Your bill was only $3 higher this month.  Now termination is free but it takes a month. My second energy bill was more than $40 higher - after termination.  MLM business train you to start with the "warm" market - family and friends. I would not have agreed to switch but that Linda Doucette told me it would be a crime for this to occur. I'm an ex-offendrr and do not have a steady, reliable income, i just had a son,. It made sense to lower already surmouting bills. My mother in law trusted me after i told her what I was told. She knew why I didnt want to do it in the first place. I told all the organizations and people I contacted that I will do my energy bill first and let them see the savings themselves. My first associate would have been a manager of a 75 unit apartment building, a senior's complex, people who love to brag about how frugal they are.  And its nothing but a scam. I told IEA they are not getting paid. The law cannot be expected to enforce a deceptive contract. You cannot deceive people about whats really entailed and seek to bail yourself out with fine print. Fineprint only means you knew I was going to find out how you robbed me, and nothing else. I have emailed Linda Doucette - who hasnt contacted me since i told her about my higher electric bill. She lied to me. i didnt lose anything as her dad paid for the site. But if this was not a scam, it would have been a good source of income.  									    This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 01/21/2012 12:04 PM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/independence-energy-alliance/philadelhia-pennsylvania-/independence-energy-alliance-adagio-energy-a-hidden-fee-is-theft-by-deception-philadelhi-826296.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on independence energy alliance									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									     
										REBUTTALS & REPLIES:

										 0Author 3Consumer 0Employee/Owner    Updates & Rebuttals     #1 Consumer Comment  Who is the ripoff? AUTHOR: Dave -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Saturday, November 10, 2012 POSTED: Saturday, November 10, 2012  
														It sounds like the real ripoff was the base company for your area JCP&L. With deregulation and open competition it sound like their strategy is to apply this rediculus "service fee" to discourage cutomers from leaving. That is not going to last long before the government steps in and tells them to stop that practice, if they don't get sued first. Independence alliance or any other competitive company cannot control what the current electric company a consumer is with, charges for servicing outside electric providers. This type of action shuts down the whole intent of deregulation. Rather than be the pawn of JCP&L and put something like this out there you would have been better served filing a complaint with some kind of consumer protection agency to stop this practice by JCP&L.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #2 UPDATE Employee  Consumer Misunderstanding Between Energy Supply and Energy Deliver AUTHOR: IEACommunications -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Monday, March 19, 2012 POSTED: Monday, March 19, 2012  
														This post is the result of a misunderstanding by the consumer on the difference between energy supply and energy delivery.  Independence Energy tried to work with this consumer to educate him on his areas of concern.  When a customer decides to switch from the utility to a retail energy supplier, the supplier of the energy will change, however, the delivery method will remain the same.  In this instance, although the customers source of energy switched to Independence Energy, the delivery was still through the local utility (JCP&L). 
As this relates to billing, retail energy suppliers like Independence Energy  only charge for the supply of the energy- not the delivery.  Interestingly, at the time of the above post, Independence Energys rate per kilowatt hour was $.10925 versus JCP&Ls price to compare of $.11913.  Independence Energy does NOT, however, propose to always offer the lowest rate at all times.  The Independence Energy rate is variable and therefore subject to change.  We do aspire to price lower than the utility, but this is not a guarantee.This fact is explained to the customer at the time of their energy provider switch and is also included in the contractual agreement.  
The only way to compare the cost of energy is to look at the rate per kilowatt hour.  To only look at the bill from one month to the next is quite deceiving as the electricity usage will vary. One cannot simply have a lower/higher bill from one month to the next and assume that they are paying less/more for their energy.  This is especially true for the author of this post.  In looking at this customers electric usage both before and during his time with Independence Energy, it is apparent that his varied greatly.      
The $30 delivery charge that the author of this post is concerned with was not a charge from Independence Energy.  Furthermore, his switch to an independent energy source in no way brought about this $30 delivery charge.  This charge came from his local utility (JCP&L) and would have been charged regardless of the customer exercising their choice to go with a retail energy supplier .   
We do, as addressed in this post, offer 5% and 10% cash back on electric usage every year to our customers.  This is NOT to cover any kind of charge on the consumers end and the author of this post was never told that by marketing materials or employees of Independence Energy.  This is simply an added benefit that we like to give our customers for choosing Independence Energy as their energy source.  Our customers receive 5% cash back when they choose our Green Plus product with 20% renewable energy (exceeding state minimum renewable requirements) and 10% cash back when they go completely green with our True Green 100% renewable product.  Additional benefits that we offer our customers are Unemployment Protection and Free Surge Protection.   
A power surge is a sudden increase in power and can occur at any moment, for a number of reasons. A power surge can severely damage home appliances and electronics. We guarantee up to $1000 in surge protection for all products that might be damaged in a power surge. Independence Energy customers are protected in the event of involuntary job loss. Independence Energys Unemployment Protection provides payment of all Independence Energy charges on the energy bill up to $300 per month for up to three months.  
At Independence Energy we find that our customers are very happy and generally do not experience these kinds of situations.  We apologize for any misunderstanding that this customer experienced.  We pride ourselves on being an honest, open, and ethical company.  There are no hidden fees. Independence Energy is proud to offer consumers in NJ, PA, NY, IL, CT, and TX the power to choose affordable, renewable energy options to fit their financial and environmental needs. We encourage anyone reading this post to seek out the facts and learn more at www.chooseindependence.com     Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?       #3 General Comment  Questions regarding this complaint AUTHOR: jdomp23 -  (United States of America) SUBMITTED: Sunday, January 29, 2012 POSTED: Sunday, January 29, 2012  
														My name is Joe P and I am very interested in joining Independence Energy Alliance.  I read your article and have some questions of my own before I venture down this road:
1- Who charged the $30 fee you mentioned?  And if charged by your local utility wouldn't that be illegal on their part?
2- Was the rate IE was charging less than the rate your local provider was charging?
3- Were you maybe on a budget plan with your local provider so your monthly bill was steady all year and through IE you were on a normal usage plan (so other months could have been much cheaper)
4- Would you be willing to email me a copy of your 2 bills and 2 previous so I could make a compairson? 
I have been to 4 meetings + numerous conference calls and read the entire rules/regulations booklet.  I even took it to a lawyer to double check the legality.  The company seems legit.  The payplan is great and obviously the Product sells itself.  However if customers aren't saving money (or at least paying the same price with the added benefits) I would agree with your article.  Thats why I'd like to do a little research if this is just an isolated event or if something else went into the bill discrepancy.  Thank you in advance for any additional information you could provide. 													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?      
											Report & Rebuttal
										  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
												No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
											                                                                     Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Independence Energy Alliance LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:22 AM ET

Company Overview of Independence Energy Alliance LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Independence Energy Alliance LLC operates as a subsidiary of NRG Energy, Inc.


211 Carnegie CenterPrinceton, NJ 08540United States



Phone: 609-524-4500








Key Executives for Independence Energy Alliance LLC


Independence Energy Alliance LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Independence Energy Alliance LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Of Independence Energy Alliance Llc A Delaware Limited Liability Company - Llc Operating Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement     > AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF Independence Energy Alliance LLC a Delaware Limited Liability Company

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Of Independence Energy Alliance Llc A Delaware Limited Liability Company
LLC Operating Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Operating Agreement involves NRG NORTHEAST AFFILIATE SERVICES INC | AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Independence Energy Alliance LLC | Independence Energy Group LLC | NRG Energy, Inc. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF Independence Energy Alliance LLC a Delaware Limited Liability Company Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 11/16/2011 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 

Exhibit 3.56
 

AMENDED & RESTATED
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT
OF
Independence Energy Alliance LLC
a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 

THIS AMENDED & RESTATED
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this
“Agreement” ) of Independence Energy Alliance
LLC (the “Company” ), dated as of
September 30, 2011 is adopted by, and executed and agreed to,
for good and valuable consideration, by the Members of the
Company, Independence Energy Group LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and NRG Energy, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.

 

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 

1.1           
Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the
following terms have the following meanings:

 

“ Act ” means the
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and any successor statute,
as amended from time to time.

 

“ Agreement ” has
the meaning given that term in the introductory
paragraph.

 

“ Capital Contribution
” means the aggregate contribution by a Member to the capital
of the Company.

 

“ Certificate ”
has the meaning given that term in
Section 2.1.

 

“ Company ” means
Independence Energy Alliance LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company.

 

“ Dispose ,”
“ Disposed ,” “ Disposing ”
or “ Disposition ” means a sale, assignment,
transfer, exchange or other disposition (including, without
limitation, by operation of law); provided, however, that this
definition does not include the granting and/ or perfection of a
security interest lien or encumbrance.

 

“ Incapacity ” or
“ Incapacitated ” means (a) with respect to
a natural person, the bankruptcy, death, incompetency or insanity
of such person and (b) with respect to any other Person, the
bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or termination of such
Person.

 

“ Majority Members
” means Members holding a majority of the Units owned by all
Members or if there is only one Member, such Member.

 

“ Member ” means
any Person executing this Agreement as of the date of this
Agreement as a member or hereafter admitted to the Company as a
member as provided in this Agreement, but does not include any
Person who has ceased to be a member of the Company.
 
1 






 

“ Person ” means
a natural person, partnership (whether general or limited), limited
liability company, trust, estate, association, corporation,
custodian, nominee or any other individual or entity in its own or
any representative capacity.

 

“ Proceeding ”
has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1
.

 

“ Units ” means
the units of each Member representing such Member’s interest
in the income, gains, losses, deductions and expenses of the
Company as set forth on Schedule A hereto, as amended from
time to time in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

 

1.2           
Construction.
Whenever the context requires, the
gender of all words used in this Agreement includes the masculine,
feminine and neuter. All references to Articles and Sections refer
to articles and sections of this Agreement, and all references to
Schedules are to Schedules attached hereto, each of which is made a
part hereof for all purposes.
 

ARTICLE II
ORGANIZATION
 

2.1           
Formation.
The Company has been organized as a
Delaware limited liability company by the filing of a Certificate
of Formation (the “Certificate” ) under and
pursuant to the Act.
 

2.2           
Name. The name of the Company is “Independence
Energy Alliance LLC” and all Company business shall be
conducted in that name or such other names that comply with
applicable law as the Majority Members may select from time to
time.

 

2.3           
Registered Office; Registered
Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices. The registered office of the Company required by
the Act to be maintained in the State of Delaware shall be the
office of the initial registered agent named in the Certificate or
such other office (which need not be a place of business of the
Company) as the Majority Members may designate from time to time in
the manner provided by law. The registered agent of the Company in
the State of Delaware shall be the initial registered agent named
in the Certificate or such other Person or Persons as the Majority
Members may designate from time to time in the manner provided by
law. The principal office of the Company shall be at such place as
the Majority Members may designate from time to time, which need
not be in the State of Delaware.
 

2.4           
Purposes. The purposes of the Company are to engage in any
business or activity that is not prohibited by the Act or the laws
of the jurisdictions in which the Company engages in such business
or activity.
 

2.5           
Foreign Qualification.
Prior to the Company’s
conducting business in any jurisdiction other than Delaware, the
Majority Members shall cause the Company to comply, to the extent
procedures are available and those matters are reasonably within
the control of the
 
2 





 
Majority Members, with all requirements
necessary to qualify the Company as a foreign limited liability
company in that jurisdiction.
 

2.6           
Term. The term of the Company commenced on the date
the original certificate of formation was filed with the office of
the Secretary of State of Delaware and shall continue in existence
until termination and dissolution thereof as determined under
Section 8.1 of this Agreement.
 

2.7           
No State-Law
Partnership. The Members
intend that the Company not be a partnership (including, without
limitation, a limited partnership) or joint venture, and that no
Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member, for any
purposes other than federal and, if applicable, state tax purposes,
and this Agreement shall not be construed to suggest otherwise. The
Members intend that the Company shall be treated as a partnership
for federal and, if applicable, state income tax purposes, and each
Member and the Company shall file all tax returns and shall
otherwise take all tax and financial reporting positions in a
manner consistent with such treatment.
 

2.8           
Unit Certificates.
The number of authorized Units shall
initially be one thousand (1,000). Units may be represented by one
or more certificates in such form as the Majority Members may from
time to time approve, and shall be subject to such rules for
the issuance thereof as the Majority Members may from time to time
determine
 

2.9           
All Interests shall be
Securities. All interests
in the Company shall be securities governed by Article 8 of
the Uniform Commercial Code and shall be evidenced by certificates.
The certificated interests shall be in registered form within the
meaning of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial
Code.
 

ARTICLE III
MEMBERS, UNITS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
 

3.1           
Members.

 

(a)           
The names, residence, business or
mailing addresses and the Units of the Members are set forth in
Schedule A , as amended from time to time in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.

 

(b)           
No Member, as such, shall be
required to lend any funds to the Company or to make any additional
contribution of capital to the Company, except as otherwise
required by applicable law or by this Agreement. Any Member may,
with the approval of the Majority Members, make loans to the
Company, and any loan by a Member to the Company shall not be
considered to be a Capital Contribution.
 
3 





 

(c)           
Each Member shall execute a
counterpart of this Agreement, and when a Person is admitted as a
Member, such Person shall execute a counterpart of this Agreement
and such Person shall be listed as a Member on Schedule A
with such Member’s address and Units.
 

3.2           
Liability of Members.
Except as otherwise required by
applicable law and as explicitly set forth in this Agreement, no
Member shall have any personal liability whatsoever in its capacity
as a Member, whether to the Company, to any of the Members, to the
creditors of the Company or to any other third party, for the
debts, liabilities, commitments or any other obligations of the
Company or for any losses of the Company, and therefore, a Member
shall be liable only to make Capital Contributions to the Company
and the other payments as provided herein. To the extent that, at
law or in equity, a Member or other Person has duties (including
fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Company
or another Person, such Member or other Person acting in accordance
with this Agreement shall not be liable to the Company or any other
Member for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this
Agreement.
 

3.3           
Member Units.
Each Member’s interest in the
Company, including such Member’s interest in income, gains,
losses, deductions and expenses of the Company and the right to
vote on certain matters as provided in this Agreement, shall be
represented by the Units owned by such Member.
 

3.4           
Issuance of Additional Units and
Interests. The Majority
Members shall have the right to cause the Company to create and
issue or sell: (i) additional Units or other interests in the
Company (including other classes or series thereof having different
rights), (ii) obligations, evidences of indebtedness or other
securities or interests convertible or exchangeable into Units or
other interests in the Company and (iii) warrants, options or
other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Units or other
interests in the Company. Upon the acquisition of any Units or
other interests in the Company by a Person who is not a Member,
such Person shall execute and deliver a counterpart of this
Agreement and shall become a Member hereunder, and Schedule
A hereto shall be amended to reflect such issuance and new
Member.
 

3.5           
Distributions.
Subject to the provision of the Act,
the Majority Members shall have sole discretion regarding the
amounts and timing of distributions to Members, in each case
subject to the retention of, or payment to third parties of, such
funds as it deems necessary with respect to the reasonable business
needs of the Company which shall include (but not by way of
limitation) the payment or the making of provision for the payment
when due of Company obligations, including the payment of any
management or administrative fees and expenses or any other
obligations.
 

ARTICLE IV
MANAGEMENT
 

4.1           
Management by the
Members. The powers of
the Company shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and
the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the
direction of, the Majority Members, and the Majority Members shall
make all decisions and take all actions for the Company.
 
4 





 

4.2           
Actions by Members; Delegation of
Authority and Duties.

 

(a)           
In managing the business and affairs
of the Company and exercising its powers, the Majority Members
shall act through (i) meetings and written consents pursuant
to Sections 4.3 and 4.4 , and (ii) any Person to
whom authority and duties have been delegated pursuant to
Section 4.2(b) .

 

(b)           
The Majority Members may, from time
to time, delegate to one or more Persons such authority and duties
as the Majority Members may deem advisable. In addition, the
Majority Members may assign titles (including, without limitation,
chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice president,
secretary, assistant secretary, treasurer and assistant treasurer)
to any such Persons and delegate to such other individuals certain
authority and duties. Any number of titles may be held by the same
individual. Any delegation pursuant to this
Section 4.2(b)  may be revoked at any time by the
Majority Members.

 

4.3           
Meetings.

 

(a)           
The Majority Members shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business of the Company,
and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the act of the
Majority Members present at a meeting of the Members at which a
quorum is present shall be the act of the Members.

 

(b)           
Meetings of the Members may be held
at such place or places as shall be determined from time to time by
resolution of the Majority Members. At all meetings of the Members,
business shall be transacted in such order as shall from time to
time be determined by resolution of the Majority Members. Regular
meetings of the Members shall be held at such times and places as
shall be designated from time to time by resolution of the Majority
Members. Notice of such meetings shall not be required. Special
meetings of the Members may be called by the Majority Members, and
notice of such meeting need not state the purpose or purposes of,
nor the business to be transacted at, such meeting, except as may
otherwise be required by law.

 

4.4           
Action by Written Consent or
Telephone Conference. Any
action permitted or required by the Act, the Certificate or this
Agreement to be taken at a meeting of the Members may be taken
without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action
to be taken, is signed by the Majority Members. Such consent shall
have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting and
may be stated as such in any document or instrument filed with the
Secretary o


 








 

















Independence Energy Alliance - Online Wealth Partner - The Blog of Michelle and Bill Pescosolido










































































































 


















Independence Energy Alliance








Independence Energy Alliance

Independence Energy Alliance

Independence Energy Alliance
If you stumbled upon this post you are most likely here because you are researching Independence Energy Alliance or you are already an affiliate of the company but looking for a way to expand your organization.  Either way, welcome and kuddos to you most people don’t even get this far as to do their research.  My goal here is to give you a third party review of the Independence Energy Alliance business and how you grow your organization to earn a healthy income.
So What is Independence Energy Alliance?
Independence Energy Alliance is an extension of Independence Energy. The company formed in 2007 by Richard Vague and Kevin Kleinschmidt.  The company is based out of Pennsylvania and both the owners have an extensive management background.  In fact in the 1990’s Richard Vague started First USA Bank which is the top credit card issuer in the US. Both these men then came together to form Juniper Bank which became one of the top 10 credit card companies in the US. After these companies the two men formed a company called Energy Plus to capitalize on the deregulated energy market and soon formed the company into a network marketing opportunity where they would rely on distributors to market the company which was formed into Independence Energy Alliance.
Independence Energy Alliance Product
The Independence Energy Alliance product is energy. There have been several companies just like Independence Energy Alliance that have jumped into the opportunity to promote energy in the deregulated markets. They offer affordable renewable energy for customers looking for alternatives to oil, coal and other natural resources. Independence Energy Alliance acts as the middle man and they buy the energy on the open market from renewable energy sources and provide to customers in areas where they can do business. The company believes in doing good for the environment.
Independence Energy Alliance Distributor
In order to become an Independence Energy Alliance distributor one must invest a one time fee of $369 and pay a $21.95 monthly fee.  This start up cost will get the distributor the necessary tools that the company feels is needed to start earning money.
A distributor can earn money by enrolling customers who will be using the product and money will be made off of that customer’s energy usage.  There are also accelerator bonuses for new enrollments, weekly leadership bonuses, monthly residual income, as well as other bonuses.
How Can You Succeed at Independence Energy Alliance?
In order to be successful with this company you will need to rely on more than just the company product and compensation plan.  Many distributors sign up with the illusion of making thousands of dollars immediately and once they realize that their warm market has ran out the business stops coming in and the income stops growing.
There are successful leaders but these leaders are the ones who know how to generate leads without chasing around their friends and family.  It is hard to succeed when your upline just tells you to make a list of your friends and family, then go out and pitch them on the opportunity and/or product. Again this may work at first but once that warm market runs out you are going to need a plan B.
If you want to build a large organization at Independence Energy Alliance you need to know what successful leaders using.  Top leaders have a proven system in place where they are generating several leads a day. They also have access to the latest cutting edge marketing strategies.  Now you might be thinking where can I find this system?
In the video below I explain how you too can be successful with Independence Energy Alliance.  This is the exact system we use to generate upwards of 40 leads a day everyday into our primary business.
If you want to receive a bootcamp free of charge feel free to click HERE to discover how to build your Independence Energy Alliance company today.

Comment Using Your Facebook comments 



Michelle Pescosolido 


			2016-11-17T23:54:16+00:00		
May 3rd, 2012|Network Marketing|4 Comments 
About the Author: 						Michelle Pescosolido  

 

								Michelle has been in the home based industry since 2010 where she has built multiple 6 figure businesses online and in 2015 a 7 figure business.  Her and her husband are now top affiliate marketers and specialize in Facebook marketing.  They both are speakers and trainers who focus on helping entrepreneurs turn their passion into a money making business.							



Related Posts













The # 1 Way To Get More Traffic To Your Website


May 24th, 2016
|
0 Comments













Why Building Your Brand Online Is NOT Enough


January 4th, 2016
|
0 Comments













MLM Recruiting – What NOT To Do! 


November 4th, 2015
|
0 Comments













Simple Ways to Increase Your Brand Awareness


October 6th, 2015
|
0 Comments










  
CategoriesAffiliate Marketing:Attraction MarketingBlog PostBloggingBrand BuildingContent MarketingElite Marketing ProFacebook MarketingInstagram MarketingInternet MarketingMOBENetwork MarketingProspecting and RecruitingSnapchat MarketingTwitter MarketingFollow Me On Facebook! Michelle Pescosolido
 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 





 








Tweet

























Get Free Access Today to Our 7 Figure Facebook Blueprint! 


This is the exact blueprint we use in our own business!   





DOWNLOAD NOW!


Your information is 100% secure with us and will never be shared 
Close this window 

 


 
Get Free Access Today to Our 7 Figure Facebook Blueprint! 


This is the exact blueprint we use in our own business!   





DOWNLOAD NOW!


Your information is 100% secure with us and will never be shared 
Close this window 

 


 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Independence Energy Group LLC


























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Electric Companies
 > 
Independence Energy Group LLC














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited






Independence Energy Group LLC



Submit a Review

































Independence Energy Group LLC






            Business Information
        






(866) 698-0944

Independence Energy Group LLC
6 years in business

        3711 Market St
Fl 10
        Philadelphia, PA 19104-5504
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (866) 292-6573
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            jmeiler@independenceenergyco.com
                        

                            pmaloney@independenceenergyco.com
                        

                            mstarck@independenceenergyco.com
                        

                            help@independenceenergyco.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 03/21/2011
            

                Business Started: 01/31/2011


                Business Incorporated: 05/09/2011 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Marion Stabile, Customer Service Operations Director
                

                    Mr. Jeffrey Meiler, President
                






            Business Category
        


                Electric Companies
            








            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Independence Energy Alliance LLC
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
                    





See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Independence Energy Group LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Independence Energy Group LLC
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[1] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB serving Metro Washington DC & Eastern Pennsylvania




























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/27/17


BBB Tips for Shopping for the Perfect Wedding Dress



06/21/17


Better Business Bureau: Helping Brands Build Solid Reputations Since 1912 by Focusing on Consumer Trust and Resolving Disputes



05/25/17


Summer Travel: Tips for Renting a Car



05/22/17


Free Event: Making $ense of Finance - June 9th, 2017



 More Local News »





                        Search BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Community Sponsors








F.H. Furr Plumbing, Heating, Air Conditioning & Electrical







Calvert Woodley Wines & Spirits







Liberty Home Remodeling







Great Nation Moving







Trashcans Unlimited







Roofing & More







Olympia Moving & Storage







Any Brand Appliances Heating & Cooling







Capitol Improvements







4 Service Pros







Frazer Dental Care







48 Factoring







Integrity Home Pro







ServiceMark Heating Cooling & Plumbing
























MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.







More
        »


Request a Quote

Connect with BBB Accredited Businesses through Request a Quote to request estimates, information or proposals. 























Independence Energy Alliance Review and Company Profile





















 Home | Home Business Directory | Forums | News | Classifieds | Event Calendar | Video | Advertising 

Independence Energy Alliance
 Npros.com / Business Directory / Independence Energy Alliance




Npros Navigation

Member Login
Join Npros
New Companies
Recent Updates
Company Directory
Companies by Category
Business Leads
Executive Bios
Evaluations
Closed Companies 
Franchises



Npros Resources

Free Samples
Free Event Calendar 



Independence Energy Alliance Resources

News
Products
Events
Reviews

Independence Energy Alliance Reps



Independence Energy Alliance Leads

 
Click Here to contact recent Independence Energy Alliance Leads through the Npros SafeLeads Program



Independence Energy Alliance Topics





Related Businesses
                ENERGY
				
Lab Active
Eco Power Partners
North American Power
Viridian Energy
Independence Energy Alliance
Momentis
XB-Fit
Ampegy







Independence Energy Alliance Review




 

Independence Energy Alliance is the marketing arm of Independence Energy and offers individuals the opportunity to become Associates and sell its services to customers in selected deregulated energy markets. Associates are not required to be customers of Independence Energy. 
Company Goals
Independence Energys mission is to empower people to make choices that change lives through positive energy options and the opportunity for financial independence. 
Enrollment Options
Independence Energy Alliance Associates pay a one-time cost of $369.00 for a Welcome Kit that contains everything they need to get started, a $21.95 monthly Associate Support Fee that provides them with two personalized websites enabling the enrollment and sponsorship of Independence Alliance Associates and customers, and an Annual Renewal Fee of $59.00. 
Compensation Plan
The Independence Energy Alliance compensation plan offers Associates several ways to earn in addition to monthly income based on their enrolled customers electricity usage: Accelerator Bonuses for enrolling new customers; Weekly Leadership Bonus; Monthly Leadership Residual Income; and other bonuses. 

www.chooseindependence.com








Independence Energy Alliance Company Overview


Independence Energy Alliance
                    
				  3711 Market Street, Suite 1000Philadelphia Pennsylvania 19104
				  
				  
				Phone: 267 295 0620
				
				Fax: 866 857 8014


Owners and/or Executives and Executive Consultants

			      Jeffrey Meiler, Co-Founder and President
Chet Seely, Co-Founder and Managing Director

				

















                   Find  an Independence Energy Alliance Rep

			  Reps and Rep interested in offering Independence Energy Alliance products or working with you to build a business list on Npros. Click or scroll down to find a rep near you. 






Find Prospects. Get Fresh Leads.

CLICK TO ADD AN INSTANT REP LISTING





Put your information in front of thousands of prospects looking for home business opportunities. 






Products and Product Reviews
Energy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              



News
            
              
                   No Current News Available.  Click for All Work from Home News




Independence Energy Alliance Events and Meetings
                
                
			  	No Independence Energy Alliance events in Work from Home Business calendar. Be the first to add a Free Independence Energy Alliance Event Listing.					
				    
                 
Add An Event Free



Independence Energy Alliance Reps







Find Prospects. Get Fresh Leads.

CLICK TO ADD AN INSTANT REP LISTING





Put your information in front of thousands of prospects looking for home business opportunities. 














 


51%





100%





Percentile: 51.58

    This Work from Home Business Ranks Higher than 440 of 855 Companies in the MLMRankings.com Metrics Database
 View the MLMRankings Independence Energy Alliance Trend Report


Npros News
New MLM Companies








Advertise Here 
 
 



About Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | ©1999-2014 Npros.com 













LLC Operating Agreement, LLC Operating Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 137)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>




 Legal professionals use RealDealDocs to gather competitive intelligence, draft documents and to find specific information about transactions within a particular industry or sector, and you can too. These are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. You can view sample LLC operating contracts or download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs. We have thousands of sample LLC operating agreements, and millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free. Finding relevant agreements to use in your own work no longer has to be difficult, confusing or expensive. The many sample LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs have been drafted by top law firms from across the United States and around the world, and they can save you or your company valuable time and money when you need a reliable LLC operating contract or template in a hurry. Benefit from the work of those that have gone before you, and leverage the efforts and thinking of the best lawyers from the top law firms and Fortune 500 companies, without all the hassle or expense. Download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs today for the quick and easy way to use millions of legal agreements and clauses from top law firms across the US and around the world to your advantage. To view any of the sample LLC operating contracts below, simply click on its title. For advanced search click here. 



LLC Operating Agreements 





	These LLC Operating Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND LLC | TRILINC ADVISORS, LLC | TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) THE SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AND MEMBER CONTROL AGREEMENT OF GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLCParties: GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
3) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SPARTAN MERGER SUB 2, LLCParties: SURGICAL CARE AFFILIATES, INC. | Spartan Merger Sub 2, LLC | UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLCParties: CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. | Centennial Resource Development, Inc | CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF GK SERVICES, LLCParties: GK SERVICES INC | Cintas Corporation | GK Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
6) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC AUTHORIZING SERIES C CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED UNITSParties: SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC | Investor's Mark Acquisitions, LLC | SK Funding, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017

7) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
10) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

16) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
17) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
18) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
19) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
20) Limited Liability Company Agreement of Donnelley Financial, LLCParties: DONNELLEY FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. | DF LLC | Donnelley Financial, LLC | R R Donnelley  Sons Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
22) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
23) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
24) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
25) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

26) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
27) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
28) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
29) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
30) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
31) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
32) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

33) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
34) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
35) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

36) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
37) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

38) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
39) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
40) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
41) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
42) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

43) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
44) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
45) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
46) Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT March 6, 2017Parties: BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC | JP Morgan Securities LLC | Morgan Stanley  Co LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Cravath Swaine;Baker Botts
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
48) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM SOUTH TEXAS, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
49) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
50) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137 
 
 

 













Warning: include(/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102

Warning: include(): Failed opening '/home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-content/plugins/cmb2/sql.php' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/guruenergy/public_html/wp-config.php on line 102









Products – GURU Organic Energy


























 











Search

Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


Shopping cart
close








FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ORDERS ABOVE $25



Cart
Checkout
My Account
 








Home
Shop
Contact Us
Our Story
 


 








close





Search







Cart (o)

0
/
$0.00



















Showing 1–12 of 14 results

Filters




Sort by


Default


Popularity


Average rating


Newness


Price: low to high


Price: high to low


Sort by Sales Rank



 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink 12 oz (12-pack) – Low Calorie USDA Organic Vegan Energy Boost



$32.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$48.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Lite Natural Energy Drink, Low-Calorie Organic Energy, Sweetened with Stevia, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 12-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$62.99

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Healthy and Natural Energy Beverage, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 24)



$52.12

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12), Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash



$32.99 $31.58

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Drink, Non-GMO, Vegan, Natural Energy, No Jitters, No Crash, 8.4-Ounce (Pack of 4)



$9.99 $9.96

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, 12-Ounce, Variety Pack (12 count)



$30.18

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (24 count)



$52.34

Add to cart 








 


 



Quick View



GURU Organic Energy Water, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Sparkling Water with Natural Caffeine, Pomegranate, 12-Ounce (24 Count)



$52.89

Add to cart 








Sale
 


 



Quick View



GURU Sparkling Water with Green Tea Infusion, Sugar Free, Zero Calorie, Natural Energy Drink, Grapefruit, 12-Ounce (Pack of 12)



$32.01 $32.00

Add to cart 






















 Scroll To Top
















DON'T MISS OUT!
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Be the first to learn about the latest news and get exclusive offers.
 
Email address: 



entry_postcode







 




We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. 

Accept




