






Industrial Logistics Realty Trust








































Distribution Warehouses
A Foundation of the Global Logistics Network

Black Creek Industrial REIT IV Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT) that seeks to acquire and operate high-quality distribution warehouses that are leased to corporate customers.2

Black Creek Industrial REIT IV Inc.’s SEC filings, including its current prospectus, can be accessed here.

This offering is not being made in Ohio.





Property depicted in photograph is owned by Industrial Property Trust Inc. (IPT), which is an investment program affiliated with direct and indirect owners of the sponsor of Black Creek Industrial REIT IV Inc. (BCI IV) By investing in BCI IV, investors will not have an interest in IPT or in this property.
Although BCI IV intends to focus its investment activities primarily on distribution warehouses and other industrial properties, BCI IV’s charter and bylaws do not preclude it from investing in other types of commercial property or real estate debt. 



Risk Factors
This sales and advertising literature must be read in conjunction with the BCI IV prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering of securities to which it relates. This document must be preceded or be accompanied by the BCI IV prospectus, which contains important information about BCI IV. This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described in the BCI IV prospectus. The offering is made only by the BCI IV prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) nor any other state securities regulator has approved or disapproved of the securities or determined if the prospectus is truthful or complete. In addition, the Attorney General of the State of New York has not passed on or endorsed the merits of the offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. Unless specifically noted, none of the properties pictured are owned by BCI IV, Industrial Property Trust Inc. (IPT) or any other affiliate of Dividend Capital.

 Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investing in shares of Black Creek Industrial REIT IV’s (BCI IV) common stock involves a high degree of risk.
REITs are not suitable for all investors. BCI IV is subject to various risks related to owning real estate, including changes in economic, demographic and real estate market conditions. Due to the risks involved in the ownership of real estate and real estate-related investments, the amount of distributions BCI IV may pay to stockholders in the future, if any, is uncertain, there is no guarantee of any return on investment and stockholders may lose the amount they invest. 
BCI IV anticipates that its investment in real estate assets will be primarily concentrated in the industrial real estate sector and that its investments will be concentrated in the largest distribution and logistics markets in the United States. Such industry concentration may expose BCI IV to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if its business activities included investing a more significant portion of the net proceeds of the offering in other sectors of the real estate industry; and such market concentrations may expose BCI IV to the risk of economic downturns in these areas. In addition, if BCI IV’s tenants are concentrated in any particular industry, any adverse economic developments in such industry could expose BCI IV to additional risks. These concentration risks could negatively impact BCI IV’s operating results and affect its ability to make distributions to its stockholders. 
Further, investing in BCI IV’s common stock involves additional and substantial risks specific to BCI IV, including, among others, that:
    
BCI IV has no prior operating history and there is no assurance that it will be able to achieve its investment objectives.
BCI IV is subject to various risks related to owning real estate, including changes in economic, demographic and real estate market conditions. Due to the risks involved in the ownership of real estate and real-estate related investments, the amount of distributions it may pay to stockholders in the future, if any, is uncertain. There is no guarantee of any return on stockholders’ investment in BCI IV and stockholders may lose the amount they invest.
Because there is no public trading market for shares of BCI IV’s common stock and there are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of shares of BCI IV’s common stock, which will significantly limit the liquidity of stockholders’ investment, stockholders must be prepared to hold their shares for an indefinite length of time.
There is no public trading market for shares of BCI IV’s common stock, and it does not anticipate that there will be a public trading market for its shares, so redemption of shares by BCI IV will likely be the only way to dispose of stockholders’ shares. BCI IV’s share redemption programs will provide stockholders with the opportunity to request that BCI IV redeems stockholders’ shares on a monthly basis, but BCI IV is not obligated to redeem any shares and may choose to redeem only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be redeemed in any particular month, in its discretion. In addition, redemptions will be subject to available liquidity and other significant restrictions. Further, BCI IV’s board of directors may modify, suspend or terminate BCI IV’s share redemption programs if it deems such action to be in BCI IV’s best interest and the best interest of its stockholders. As a result, BCI IV’s shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid.
A portion of the proceeds received in this offering is expected to be used to satisfy redemption requests. Using the proceeds from this offering for redemptions will reduce the net proceeds available to retire debt or acquire additional properties, which may result in reduced liquidity and profitability or restrict BCI IV’s ability to grow its NAV.
In connection with this offering, BCI IV incurs fees and expenses which will decrease the amount of cash it has available for operations and new investments. In the future BCI IV may conduct other offerings of common stock (whether existing or new classes), preferred stock, debt securities or of interests in its Operating Partnership. BCI IV may also amend the terms of this offering. BCI IV may structure or amend such offerings to attract institutional investors or other sources of capital. The costs of this offering and future offerings may negatively impact BCI IV’s ability to pay distributions and stockholders’ overall return.
The transaction price will not accurately represent the value of BCI IV’s assets at any given time and the actual value of stockholders’ investment may be substantially less. BCI IV’s board of directors arbitrarily determined the initial transaction price in its sole discretion and it is not based on the value of any assets BCI IV may own when a stockholder purchases shares in this offering. Until BCI IV commences monthly valuations, the transaction price will be fixed and will not be adjusted based on the underlying value of any assets it may own. Once BCI IV commences monthly valuations, the transaction price generally will be based on its most recently disclosed monthly NAV of each class of common stock (subject to material changes as described above) and will not be based on any public trading market. Further, BCI IV’s board of directors may amend its NAV procedures from time to time. For example, if stockholders wish to subscribe for shares of BCI IV’s common stock in October, a stockholder’s subscription request must be received in good order at least five business days before November 1. Generally, the offering price per share would equal the transaction price of the applicable class as of the last calendar day of September, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. If accepted, the stockholder’s subscription would be effective on the first calendar day of November. Conversely, if the stockholder wishes to submit their shares for redemption in October, their redemption request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of October. If accepted, the stockholder’s shares would be redeemed as of the last calendar day of October and, generally, the redemption price would equal the transaction price of the applicable class as of the last calendar day of September, subject to reduction, with respect to the Class W and Class I Redemption Program, for early redemption. In each of these cases, the NAV that is ultimately determined as of the last day of October may be higher or lower than the NAV as of the last day of September used for determining the transaction price. Therefore, the price at which stockholders purchase shares may be higher than the current NAV per share at the time of sale and the price at which stockholders redeem shares may be lower than the current NAV per share at the time of redemption.
The transaction price will not represent BCI IV’s enterprise value and may not accurately reflect the actual prices at which its assets could be liquidated on any given day, the value a third party would pay for all or substantially all of BCI IV’s shares, or the price that BCI IV’s shares would trade at on a national stock exchange. Once BCI IV commences monthly valuations, our management’s assessment of the market values of our properties may also differ from the appraised values of its properties. Further, it is possible that the annual appraisals of BCI IV’s properties may not be spread evenly throughout the year, and rapidly changing market conditions or material events may not be fully reflected in its monthly NAV. The resulting potential disparity in BCI IV’s NAV may inure to the benefit of redeeming stockholders or non-redeeming stockholders and new purchasers of its common stock, depending on whether its published NAV per share for such class is overstated or understated.
BCI IV’s NAV per share may suddenly change if the valuations of its properties materially change from prior valuations or the actual operating results materially differ from what we originally budgeted. For example, BCI IV expects to face lease expirations across its portfolio regularly, and as it moves further away from lease commencement toward the end of a lease term, the valuation of the underlying property generally will be expected to drop, depending on the likelihood of a renewal or a new lease on similar terms.
Some of BCI IV’s executive officers, directors and other key personnel are also officers, directors, managers, key personnel and/or holders of an ownership interest in the Advisor, the Dealer Manager, and/or other entities related to the Sponsor. As a result, they face conflicts of interest, including but not limited to conflicts arising from time constraints, allocation of investment and leasing opportunities and the fact that certain of the compensation the Advisor will receive for services rendered to BCI IV is based on BCI IV’s NAV, the procedures for which the Advisor assists BCI IV’s board of directors in developing, overseeing, implementing and coordinating. BCI IV expects to compete with certain affiliates of direct and indirect owners of the Sponsor for investments and certain of those entities may be given priority with respect to certain investment opportunities.
This is a “blind pool” offering; BCI IV has not identified specific assets to acquire or investments to make with all of the proceeds of this offering. Stockholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate all of the investments BCI IV will make with the proceeds of this offering prior to purchasing shares of its common stock.
This is a “best efforts” offering and if BCI IV is unable to raise substantial funds, then it will be more limited in its investments.
BCI IV may change its investment policies without stockholder notice or consent, which could result in investments that are different from those described in this prospectus.
Distributions may be paid from sources other than cash flows from operating activities, such as cash flows from financing activities, which may include net proceeds of this offering and borrowings (including borrowings secured by BCI IV’s assets). BCI IV’s distributions may exceed our taxable income, which would represent a return of capital for tax purposes. A return of capital is a return of a stockholder’s investment rather than a return of earnings or gains and will be made after deductions of fees and expenses payable in connection with BCI IV’s offering. Some or all of BCI IV’s future distributions may be paid from these sources as well as from the sales of assets, cash resulting from a waiver or deferral of fees, and from BCI IV’s cash balances. There is no limit on distributions that may be made from these sources, however, BCI IV’s Advisor and its affiliates are under no obligation to defer or waive fees in order to support our distributions. To the extent BCI IV pays distributions from sources other than its cash flows from operating activities, it may have less funds available for the acquisition of properties, and stockholders’ overall return may be reduced.
If BCI IV fails to qualify as a REIT, it would adversely affect its operations and its ability to make distributions to its stockholders.
BCI IV’s use of leverage, such as mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, increases the risk of loss on its investments.
Prolonged disruptions in the U.S. and global credit markets could adversely affect BCI IV’s ability to finance or refinance investments and the ability of its customers to meet their obligations, which could affect its ability to meet its financial objectives and make distributions.
BCI IV is not required by its charter or otherwise to provide liquidity to its stockholders. If BCI IV does not effect a Liquidity Event, it will be very difficult for stockholders to have liquidity with respect to their investment in shares of its common stock.
BCI IV will not be registered as an investment company, and it will not be subject to the provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the “Investment Company Act,” applicable to registered investment companies. If BCI IV becomes subject to such provisions of the Investment Company Act, it could significantly impair the operation of its business.


This material contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning investment objectives, strategies, other plans and objectives for future operations or economic performance that are based on BCI IV’s current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties, as described in more detail in the “Risk Factors” section of the prospectus and in this sales material. Any of these statements could prove to be inaccurate, and actual events or investments and results of operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statement. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
DPF is also sponsored by affiliates of Black Creek Group. DPF sold its common stock at a price of $10.00 per share in two fixed-priced primary public offerings through September 2009 and announced a net asset value per share of $7.54 as of May 31, 2017. DPF offers share redemption programs that limit the number of shares to be redeemed during any quarter. For each year since 2009, DPF received redemption requests from Class E stockholders that exceeded the availability under DPF’s Class E share redemption program. During this period, DPF redeemed, on a pro rata basis, a percentage of the Class E shares requested to be redeemed for each quarter (exclusive of requests made in connection with the death or disability of a stockholder) which ranged from approximately 1.0% to 26.1%. In addition, DPF lowered its quarterly distribution rate from $0.15 to $0.125 per share for the first three quarters of 2012, and further lowered it to $0.0875 per share for the fourth quarter of 2012 through the fourth quarter of 2014. In the first quarter of 2015, DPF raised the quarterly distribution rate to $0.09 per share and DPF has paid quarterly distributions at that rate through March 31, 2017. Effective since December 2015, redemptions under the Class E share redemption program are only be available in the event of the death or disability of a stockholder, subject to certain limitations. The DPF board of directors will evaluate each quarter whether to make liquidity available to Class E stockholders desiring liquidity other than in the event of death or disability through a share redemption program or through a tender offer process.
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BLACK CREEK INDUSTRIAL REIT IV PROSPECTUS. THE OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY THE BLACK CREEK INDUSTRIAL REIT IV PROSPECTUS.



NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT FDIC INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY THE BANK • MAY LOSE VALUE • NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY 
Check the background of this firm on FINRA's Broker Check.
Real estate investment trusts (REITs) are not suitable for all investors. Investing in shares of BCI IV's common stock involves a high degree of risk. Please review the summary risk factors and see the prospectus for a complete list of the risks associated with the offering. 
The information within this website concerning BCI IV is solely for informational purposes and constitutes neither an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy securities by any person in any jurisdiction. The information presented herein is not, and is not intended to be, a complete discussion of all material information you should know about BCI IV or any other product.
If you are considering purchasing shares of BCI IV's common stock or any security, you should thoroughly read the relevant prospectus prior to making a purchase, and carefully consider the investment objectives and policies, risk considerations, charges and ongoing expenses of any security before investing or sending money.
Any underwriter or dealer participating in the offering can arrange to send you the prospectus upon request. You can also obtain a prospectus by accessing the “prospectus” section of this website, by calling toll-free 866.324.REIT (7348), or by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov and searching for company filings under the name of the applicable depositor.
The dealer manager for BCI IV's public offering of securities is Black Creek Capital Markets LLC, member FINRA.















Industrial Property Trust






















         
	
	
        

         
	
	
        


PortfolioAsset Gallery




Investor OverviewNews ReleasesCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsEmail AlertsTax Information







HomeInvestment StrategyLiterature / FormsShare Redemption ProgramInvestor Relations











Distribution Warehouses
Linked to the Supply Chain®
Industrial Property Trust Inc. (Industrial Property Trust or IPT) operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires and operates high-quality distribution warehouses that are leased to corporate customers.1IPT seeks to acquire properties that produce rental revenue for IPT by means of the rents the corporate customers pay to use the properties for their businesses.







1Although IPT intends to focus its investment activities primarily on distribution warehouses and other industrial properties, IPT's charter and bylaws do not preclude it from investing in other types of commercial property or real estate debt.









Terms of UsePrivacy StatementContactCareers

© Copyright , Industrial Property Trust Inc.





Please be aware that IPT, Industrial Property Trust Advisors LLC, Industrial Property Trust Advisors Group LLC, Black Creek Capital Markets, LLC and their respective officers, directors, employees and affiliates are not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity in connection with IPT’s public offering or the purchase of IPT’s common stock and that the Advisor and the Dealer Manager have financial interests associated with the purchase of IPT’s common stock, as described in IPT’s prospectus, including fees, expense reimbursements and other payments they anticipate receiving from IPT in connection with the purchase of IPT’s common stock. These materials are not intended as a recommendation to make an investment in IPT’s common stock and investors should consult their financial advisors before making an investment decision.

NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT FDIC INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY THE BANK • MAY LOSE VALUE • NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY 

Check the background of this firm on FINRA's Broker Check.

Real estate investment trusts (REITs) are not suitable for all investors. Investing in shares of IPT's common stock involves a high degree of risk. Please review the summary risk factors and see the prospectus for a complete list of the risks associated with the offering. 

The information within this website concerning IPT is solely for informational purposes and constitutes neither an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy securities by any person in any jurisdiction. The information presented herein is not, and is not intended to be, a complete discussion of all material information you should know about IPT or any other product.

The dealer manager for IPT's public offering of securities is Black Creek Capital Markets, LLC, member FINRA.




Admin NotesEnso Cloud






Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:25 AM ET
Real Estate Management and Development

Company Overview of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. focuses on the acquisition, development, and/or financing of real estate assets consisting primarily of distribution warehouses and other industrial properties. Its properties would be leased to corporate customers. The company was formerly known as Logistics Property Trust Inc. Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. was founded in 2014 and is based in Denver, Colorado.


518 Seventeenth Street17th FloorDenver, CO 80202United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 303-228-2200

industriallogisticstrust.com







Key Executives for Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc.




Mr. Dwight L. Merriman III


      	Chief Executive Officer & Director
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Thomas G. McGonagle


      	CFO & Treasurer
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Joshua J. Widoff


      	Executive VP, Secretary & General Counsel
      


Age: 47
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. Key Developments

Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. Approves the Amendments to its Charter
Jun 29 17
Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. announced that its shareholders approved the amendments to its charter to change the terms pursuant to which Class T Shares and Class W Shares will automatically convert to Class I Shares.


Logistics Property Seeks Acquisitons
Feb 18 16
Logistics Property Trust Inc. has filed an IPO in the amount of $2 billion. The company will use the net proceeds of this offering to acquire property, debt and other investments.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 '47 Brand LLC United States +Process Team LLC United States 02 Lafayette LLC United States 1 Park Place LLC United States 10-12 MLane, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc., please visit industriallogisticstrust.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.
































Search our database of available industrial facilities by location,type and size.
View our market presence.


LOCATION


Location


State

State
Arizona
California
Colorado
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Maryland
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
New Jersey
Ohio
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Wisconsin



City

Market/City
Atlanta Market
Baltimore Market
Chicago Market
Cincinnati Market
Cleveland Market
Dallas/Ft. Worth Market
Denver Market
Detroit Market
Harrisburg Market
Houston Market
Indianapolis Market
Inland Empire Market
Los Angeles Market
Milwaukee Market
Minneapolis Market
Nashville Market
No. New Jersey Market
Philadelphia Market
Phoenix Market
Salt Lake City Market
San Diego Market
San Francisco Market
So. New Jersey Market
St. Louis Market
Tampa Market

ABERDEEN
ALLENTOWN
ALPHARETTA
ARLINGTON
ATLANTA
AURORA
BERKELEY
BROOKLYN PARK
BROOMFIELD
BUFORD
CARROLLTON
CENTENNIAL
CHERRY HILL
CINCINNATI
CITY OF INDUSTRY
CONYERS
DALLAS
DENVER
DES MOINES
EAGAN
EASTVALE
EDEN PRAIRIE
FAIRBURN
FARMINGTON HILL
FRANKLIN TWNSHP
GLENWILLOW
GOULDSBORO
GRAND PRAIRIE
GREENFIELD
HAGERSTOWN
HARRISBURG
HOUSTON
HUNT VALLEY
INDIANAPOLIS
JESSUP
JOLIET
KATY
KENOSHA
LANCASTER
LANHAM
LOVELAND
MAPLE GROVE
MCDONOUGH
MENOMONEE FALLS
MIDDLETOWN
MORENO VALLEY
MOUNT PROSPECT
MT. JULIET
NAZARETH
NEW HOPE
NORTH AURORA
NORTHBROOK
OVERLAND
PASADENA
PENDERGRASS
PEORIA
PERRIS
PHILADELPHIA
PINE BROOK
PLANO
PLYMOUTH
RICHLAND HILLS
RIVERSIDE
ROMEOVILLE
SALT LAKE CITY
SAN ANTONIO
SAN DIEGO
SHAKOPEE
SHIREMANSTOWN
SOMERS
ST. LOUIS
Stockton
STONE MOUNTAIN
TAMPA
THOUSAND OAKS
TOLLESON
WESTCHESTER
WESTMINSTER
WOODLAWN
WOODRIDGE





Details
SIZE

Size
0-50,000 sf
50,001-100,000 sf
100,001-250,000 sf
250,001-500,000 sf
500,000+ sf

TYPE
			  



                    Space


                    Land


                    Under Construction








 





News
Investors
Careers
Contacts



Property Finder
Close Finder





 First Industrial Realty-Trust


About us


Who We Are
Our People
Our Capabilities
Our Strengths
Our Commitment




First Industrial Realty Trust is a leading owner and operator of industrial real estate across major markets coast-to-coast. Since our founding in 1994, our buildings have been home to a range of companies from the Fortune 500 to small commercial firms.



Our Portfolio


Properties
Property Finder
Land for Development
Move-In Ready Space
Environmental Pledge




First Industrial's portfolio offers access to the top industrial markets in the United States. We help implement multi-market strategies and provide our customers with economies of scale while working with a single national provider.



For Customers


Solutions
Case Studies
For Tenants
Property Management
Customer Satisfaction




Our local market experts average more than 20 years of experience and have strong ties within their communities. They are authorities in the regions they serve and their proximity to customers enables them to respond quickly to customers' needs.



For Brokers


Solutions
Investment Criteria
Regional Contacts
Commission Program
Logo Usage




Through our platform, we focus only on industrial real estate, giving us a deep understanding of customers' needs so we can deliver superior customer service. We offer high-quality bulk and regional distribution centers and other facility types.














































New Development




California








The Ranch by First Industrial936,000 SF

The Ranch by First IndustrialEastvale, CA










New Development




California








First Sycamore 215 Logistics Center242,580 SF

First Sycamore 215 Logistics CenterRiverside, CA







Company Updates



























Logistics Realty LLC - Home








































				Home
			



				About
			



				Meet the Team
			



				Client Testimonials
			



				Contact
			
























	​Welcome!


Logistics Realty, LLC is a family-owned operator of commercial real estate services throughout the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex and United States. In existence since 1980, we have evolved into a full-service real estate company with a primary emphasis is in the representation of large users of industrial and office space including real estate owner, operator, broker, and developer. With all of these capabilities, we are still able to retain the culture of a small boutique firm. This allows us to quickly react to the demands of a changing marketplace while offering individualized and integrated real estate solutions across multiple sectors.



Real Estate is in our "DNA"








Logistics Realty, LLC provides full service real estate solutions, seamlessly integrating the following:Commercial BrokerageTenant Advisory ServicesConstruction & Development ServicesAt Logistics Realty, our business is approached not as a transaction but as a relationship, with the goal of creating value for large space users in today’s marketplace. Our success stems from our clients’ success. Based upon the company’s unique commercial real estate strategy, Logstics Realty, LLC has represented some of the top industrial companies in the U.S.









Shippers Warehouse built by Duke Realty - Hutchins, TX 589,000 Sq. Ft. (Expected Delivery date: 04/2016)




Significant Transactions
Deals Deals and More Deals. We have found that timing is everything and a sense of urgency is what it takes in this environment. Despite the news and economy, we have been able to attribute our success to our client's ability to adapt and move fast.


VIEW SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS


 




3838 W Miller Rd. 
200,000 SF - Garland, TX

Featured Listings
Need Space? Big or Small - We do it all! Take a look at our latest featured listing throughout the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex. Let us find our next space with ease.


VIEW FEATURED LISTINGS


 










Proud Members of:









Transportation Club of Dallas/Fort Worth (TCDFW)

 




DFW Logistics Resources Group (DFWLRG)

 




National Defense Transportation Association (NDTA)

 



​Information about Brokerage ServicesLogistics Realty, LLCWebsite managed and owned by rm2designs






				Home
			



				About
			



				Meet the Team
			



				Client Testimonials
			



				Contact
			




















✕












     BLACK CREEK INDUSTRIAL REIT IV Inc.
 – Articles of Incorporation     – BamSEC


































Toggle navigation

















                                Product 


Features
Product Details
Help Center
Pricing


Contact

Log In


Free Trial








            BLACK CREEK INDUSTRIAL REIT IV Inc.
        


 Watch 








Warning: Large portions of this site require JavaScript enabled in order to function properly. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.
Please let us know at support@bamsec.com if you have any questions or concerns.





 Categorized
            

 Chronological
            

 Ownership by Owner
            

 Transcripts
            

 Your Highlights
            

Search in Documents









Key Exhibits

Articles of Inc. & Bylaws
Credit Agreements
Indentures
Material Contracts
Plans of Reorganization
Underwriting Agreements

External Links



                    SEC EDGAR
                    






        Articles of Incorporation
            

Filter












            EX-3.1
        


                    from POS AM
                

                            39 pages                    
            Black Creek Industrial REIT IV Inc. Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.3
        


                    from POS AM
                

                            2 pages                    
            Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. Articles of Amendment
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.2
        


                    from POS AM
                

                            13 pages                    
            Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. Second Amended and Restated Bylaws
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.1
        


                    from POS AM
                

                            44 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.2
        


                    from S-11/A
                

                            13 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.1
        


                    from S-11/A
                

                            43 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Articles of Amendment and Restatement
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.1
        


                    from S-11/A
                

                            44 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Articles of Amendment and Restatement
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.1
        


                    from S-11/A
                

                            44 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Articles of Amendment and Restatement
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.2
        


                    from S-11
                

                            13 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Bylaws
        

12/34/56





            EX-3.1
        


                    from S-11
                

                            44 pages                    
            Logistics Property Trust Inc. Articles of Amendment and Restatement
        

12/34/56





See an issue? Let us know.







×
Report an Issue




What is the issue?



Your email

Optional. Fill in if you would like to receive a reply from us.




Cancel
Report Issue










×
Report Submitted


Thank you for reporting the issue. If you have provided an email address, we will be in touch shortly.



Close









×
Report Not Submitted


Sorry, your submission did not go through. This could be due to a network error or, if you are at an investment bank, your company disallowing issue report submissions.



Cancel
Try again?










Free Trial


Features


© 2017 BamSEC, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Browse















List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











List of CEOs, founders and company directors
Check your future business partners for free. We process EDGAR SEC filings and visualize relationships between companies and their directors on a daily basis. You can easily find out which companies involve your future business partner.

    Page:  
     1 2 3 4 5   ... 16027 next >

DateNameCityCountry
2017-07-28Mark John  AustinRICHLANDWA2017-07-28Vliet Rene  vanTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28Alfonso  PugaTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28Eric  GarciaTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28Raymond  EisbrennerTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28N/A Ares Capital Management LLCNew YorkNY2017-07-28Lima Krysta  DeTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28Shaun  DavisonTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28Haworth  MichaelLondonUnited Kingdom2017-07-28Benjamin  AtkinsTHE WOODLANDSTX2017-07-28Wade  FredricksonSHOREWOODMN2017-07-28KHANH T  TRANLIVINGSTONNJ2017-07-28Shaw  RobertLondonUnited Kingdom2017-07-28Apera Capital Private Debt General Partner I SCS  NoneLondonUnited Kingdom2017-07-28Bloomstein  JoshNew YorkNY2017-07-28Affolter  MarkNew YorkNY2017-07-28N/A Ares Jasper GP LLCNew YorkNY2017-07-28N/A Ares Jasper GP, L.P.New YorkNY2017-07-28Paul  NateAUSTINTX2017-07-28de Leon  FernandoDallasTX2017-07-28LAMPERT  JILLIRVINGTX2017-07-28GLICK  CRAIGIRVINGTX2017-07-28RAY  CHRISTOPHERIRVINGTX2017-07-28CARTER  CHRISTOPHERIRVINGTX2017-07-28WEBER  ANTHONYIRVINGTX2017-07-28LUKASIK  TRISHCHICAGOIL2017-07-28PINTER  JASONCHICAGOIL2017-07-28ENSTHALER  LUDWIGCHICAGOIL2017-07-28MILLER  HARLEYCHICAGOIL2017-07-28KISS  LAWRENCECHICAGOIL2017-07-28YAGAN  SAMCHICAGOIL2017-07-28GAMSON  MICHAELCHICAGOIL2017-07-28GUREN  SAMUELCHICAGOIL2017-07-28LAWRENCE  MARKCHICAGOIL2017-07-28SAVADATTI  DEEPAKBELLEVUEWA2017-07-28JAIN  NAVEENBELLEVUEWA2017-07-28Charles  IanSimsburyCT2017-07-28Czech  StephenOld GreenwichCT2017-07-28N/A SJC Direct Lending Revolver Fund III, GP, L.P.Old GreenwichCT2017-07-28Bordes 2017 GRAT #2  LeeNEW YORKNY2017-07-28Bordes 2017 GRAT #1  LeeNEW YORKNY2017-07-28Pike  ChristopherAtlantaGA2017-07-28Maldonado  JohnAtlantaGA2017-07-28Anand  MalaAtlantaGA2017-07-28Alexander  ElizabethAtlantaGA2017-07-28Parisi  JamesAtlantaGA2017-07-28King-Shaw, Jr.  RubenAtlantaGA2017-07-28Goulet  KennethAtlantaGA2017-07-28Swift  DavidAtlantaGA2017-07-28Olefson  JonathanAtlantaGA2017-07-28Senneff  SteveAtlantaGA2017-07-28Beaulieu  DavidAtlantaGA2017-07-28William  J.AtlantaGA2017-07-28Schlegel  JasonClevelandOH2017-07-28Rego  CarrieClevelandOH2017-07-28Flanders  RobertoClevelandOH2017-07-28Walters-Hoffert  LisaLa JollaCA2017-07-28Rastetter  WilliamLa JollaCA2017-07-28Kelley  SusanLa JollaCA2017-07-28Steele  RobinLa JollaCA

    Page:  
     1 2 3 4 5   ... 16027 next >








 






