










 







Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC - Commercial- Dhihar  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1555 Lennox Town Lane  
    Columbus, OH, 43212Phone: 614-280-0571 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-25


New


$0


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Properties Llc Dhihar 
 Executive, Promoter 


 David Patel 
 Executive 












Indus Newark Hotel, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Indus Newark Hotel, LLC
List of persons related to the company Indus Newark Hotel, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Indus Newark Hotel, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001693896IRS Number: 813871415Company address: 1555 LENNOX TOWN LANE  COLUMBUS 43212Phone number: 614-280-0571



People related to Indus Newark Hotel, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryPatel  David1555 Lennox Town Lane ColumbusOHDhihar Properties  LLC1555 Lennox Town Lane ColumbusOH




Indus Newark Hotel, LLC on the Web
Related companiesIndus Airport Holdings, LLC, Indus Alternative Equity Fund, Ltd., Indus Asia Pacific Fund, L.P., Indus Asia Pacific Fund, Ltd., Indus China Fund, L.P., INDUS EMERGING MARKETS FUND, L.P., Indus Emerging Markets Fund, Ltd., Indus Emerging Markets Long Only Fund, L.P., INDUS EMERGING MARKETS LONG ONLY FUND, LTD., Indus EnterAsia Fund LP, INDUS EVENT DRIVEN FUND LP, Indus Event Driven Fund, Ltd., Indus Fund, LLC, INDUS GLOBAL STRATEGIES FUND L P, Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC












 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC
List of persons related to the company Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001690793IRS Number: 813570191Company address: 1555 LENNOX TOWN LANE  COLUMBUS 43212Phone number: 614-280-0571



People related to Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryPatel  David1555 Lennox Town Lane ColumbusOHProperties LLC  Dhihar1555 Lennox Town Lane ColumbusOH




Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC on the Web
Related companiesIndus Airport Holdings, LLC, Indus Alternative Equity Fund, Ltd., Indus Asia Pacific Fund, L.P., Indus Asia Pacific Fund, Ltd., Indus China Fund, L.P., INDUS EMERGING MARKETS FUND, L.P., Indus Emerging Markets Fund, Ltd., Indus Emerging Markets Long Only Fund, L.P., INDUS EMERGING MARKETS LONG ONLY FUND, LTD., Indus EnterAsia Fund LP, INDUS EVENT DRIVEN FUND LP, Indus Event Driven Fund, Ltd., Indus Fund, LLC, INDUS GLOBAL STRATEGIES FUND L P, Indus Holding Co












 








Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC  Funding details


Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC Industry: CommercialCIK Number: 0001690793IRS Number: 813570191Address: 1555 LENNOX TOWN LANE  COLUMBUS 43212Phone number: 614-280-0571



Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-25New Form D$2,250,000Yet To Sell$2,250,000$5,0001706b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC
Key People in Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC:

Properties LLC DhiharDavid Patel
Similar companiesIndus Alternative Equity Fund, Ltd., Indus Asia Pacific Fund, L.P., Indus Asia Pacific Fund, Ltd., Indus EnterAsia Fund LP, INDUS EVENT DRIVEN FUND LP, Indus Event Driven Fund, Ltd., INDUS GLOBAL STRATEGIES FUND L P, Indus Japan Fund, L.P., Indus Japan Fund, Ltd., Indus Omni Fund, L.P., Indus Opportunity Fund, L.P., Indus Pacific Opportunities Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: INVEST-TBRE, LLC, IQ Absolute Return Select (Offshore) Fund, Ltd., IQ Global Long/Short Equity Diversified (Offshore) Fund, Ltd, KFG Emerging Markets, LLC, KFG International Markets, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Nothing is invented, for it’s written in nature first. Antoni Gaudí, Architect    
















































Daily Legal News : Details : INDUS HILLIARD HOTEL, LLC : Jeffrey S. Braun, Esq. : JEFFREY S. BRAUN, ESQ. 







Skip to content Skip to
			Navigation






Username:

Password:

 Create Forgot
		Password

OpenId

OpenId


 
Close


Twitter Facebook




Daily Legal News
Saturday, July 29, 2017

 


 QUICKLINKS Subscribe TodayDelinquent Tax ForeclosuresSheriff's Sales - Foreclosures







Home
Articles & News
Legal
					Advertising



Adoptions
Auth to Administer Estate
Board of Revision Notices
Common Pleas Notices
Dissolutions
Divorces
Foreclosures
Foundation Notices
Juvenile Court Notices
Miscellaneous Legals
Name Changes
Personal Injury
Probate Court Notices
Probate of Will
Prosecutors
Public Sales
Release of Assets
Sheriff´s Sales
									Foreclosures
Tax Certificate Service Notices



Business Data



Building Permits
New Corporations
Vendor Licenses



Courts



Bankruptcies
Common Pleas
Domestic Relations
Municipal
Probate



Real Estate



Foreclosure Lawsuits
Real Estate Transfers
Sheriff´s Sales
									Foreclosures
Delinquent Tax Foreclosures
Real Estate Map
Tax Certificate Sales



Liens



Child Support Enforcement Liens
Mechanics Liens
U.S. Tax Liens



Marriage Licenses
Death Notices
Classifieds
Newsfeeds (RSS)
Legal
					Information



Attorney
Legal Forms






Daily Legal News

2935 Prospect Ave.

Cleveland, OH
44115



(216) 696-3322


fax (216) 696-6329
	




Explore Cleveland

Law Links



State & Local Courts

Federal Courts
Government



Ohio

Cuyahoga County
City of Cleveland
Gongwer News Service of
													Ohio



Legal Resources
Law Schools



Around
					Cleveland



Local News
Local Sports
Major Hospitals

Attractions
Arts



Ohio
					Law Journals



Akron
									Legal News Online
Cincinnati
									Court Index
The Daily
									Reporter
Daily
									Court Reporter
Toledo
									Legal News















Daily Legal News - New Corporations 











Company Name
INDUS HILLIARD HOTEL, LLC 
Charter #
3931596 
Document #
201622902122 
Effective Date
Tuesday, August 16, 2016
Type
Limited Liability Company 
Consent
N 
County
 
Town
 




Filed by.

    			DICKINSON WRIGHT PLLC    		















Agent.

    			Jeffrey S. Braun, Esq.    		











Business Data

Incorporators

JEFFREY S. BRAUN
ESQ.



 
Return to List



		About your information and the public
			record.




Tweet



























Geauga
						County Maple Leaf








 Search

Search


 

 All content This Page.
 

 

 





About Us
Contact Us
Address Change
Subscribe Today
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
PDF Archive

RSS
ATOM




 







 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC $2,250,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC $2,250,000 Financing
Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC just submitted form D announcing $2,250,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC was able to sell $0. That is 0% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $2,250,000. The financing was made by 17 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $5,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-25. Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC is based in  1555 LENNOX TOWN LANE  COLUMBUS 43212. The firm's business is Commercial. The firm's revenue range is No Revenues. The form was signed by  Properties LLC Dhihar.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001690793




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
OHIO
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

1555 LENNOX TOWN LANE

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


COLUMBUS
OHIO
43212
614-280-0571


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Dhihar
Properties LLC


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

1555 Lennox Town Lane

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Columbus
OHIO
43212



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of Issuer


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Patel
David


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

1555 Lennox Town Lane

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Columbus
OHIO
43212



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Member of Dhihar Properties, LLC, the Manager of Issuer
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




X
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


X
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-11-10

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$5,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$2,250,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$2,250,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


X
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.
1



Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
17


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC
David Patel
David Patel
Manager
2016-11-25


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-25New Form D$2,250,000Yet To Sell$2,250,000$5,0001706b[view]
Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC List of ExecutivesDavid Patel, Properties LLC Dhihar











Last visited: ADVANTAGE ADVISERS GLOBAL GROWTH, L.L.C., ADVANTAGE ADVISERS GLOBAL GROWTH, LTD., AEP Feeder Fund VI, Inc., ALTEGRIS MULTI STRATEGY FUND LP, ANCHOR CAPITAL PARTNERS I LP

								© 
							















	Hotel Development Projects from Indus Hotels Columbus Ohio


































Portfolio
the work that makes us proud












DoubleTree Hotel by Hilton - Newark
The hotel is located in Newark, Ohio close to the Ohio State University Newark Campus along with Denison University. A short distance from New Albany and the Industrial Business Park. 
Read more





Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (Airport)
Located with the Port Columbus International Airport complex, one quarter mile from the terminal.  Easy access to I-270 and I-67 freeways.  Within 10 minutes of Easton Town Center and 15 minutes of Downtown Columbus.
Read more






Hilton Garden Inn - Columbus (Airport)
Located with the Port Columbus International Airport complex, one quarter mile from the terminal.  Easy access to I-270 and I-67 freeways.  Within 10 minutes of Easton Town Center and 15 minutes of Downtown Columbus.
Read more





Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus
The hotel was originally an existing one hundred year old building that was part of a historic downtown area. It was called The Studer Building. Tearing down and redevelopment required commission approval with the stipulation that the original architectural brick facade be retained.
Read more






Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (Hilliard)
The hotel is located in close proximity of both the communities of Hilliard and Dublin.  Close to the Westbelt Business Park and new fulfillment center for Amazon.
Read more





Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (OSU)
Convenient to The Ohio State University, Riverside Hospital, Wexner Medical Center, Battelle Memorial Institute, Chemical Abstracts, Short North Arts District and Schottenstein Arena.
Read more






Hilton Garden Inn - Columbus (OSU)
The Hilton Garden Inn- OSU was the cornerstone of an overall project plan to revitalize the Olentangy River Road hotel corridor to better service The Ohio State University area with nicer hotel properties. An older hotel on the site was purchased and tore down. 
Read more





Varsity Inn - Columbus (OSU)
This hotel was initially a Cross Country Inn that was purchased and rehabbed by Indus Hotels in 2006 as an independently branded and developed property. The Varsity Inn balanced out the company's desire to provide a value conscious alternative to the market servicing the existing OSU area. 
Read more






Embassy Suites Downtown Pittsburgh
The Embassy Suites Pittsburgh is a mixed use project with retail, office space and hotel located in the Oliver Building in downtown Pittsburgh, PA. 
Read more











You can view the new projects that we are working onView new projects
 








Portfoliomenu




Double Tree Hotel by Hilton - NewarkEmbassy Suites by Hilton - Pittsburgh (Downtown)Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (Downtown)Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (Hilliard)Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (OSU)Hampton Inn - Columbus (Airport)Hilton Garden Inn - Columbus (Airport)Hilton Garden Inn - Columbus (OSU)Varsity Inn - Columbus (OSU)







Pressreleases
view allpress releases








 4/8/2016


Homepage,Press Releases


'Upper-upscale' luxury hotel approved near convention center

                    Columbus will be getting a luxurious addition to the hotel scene with a Canopy by Hilton planned for 77 E. Nationwide Blvd.
Read More











 3/10/2016


Press Releases


12-story luxury hotel in Hilton chain planned for Downtown

                    Downtown Columbus’ newest hotel will be a 12-story, upscale building in the Hilton chain.
Read More











 2/9/2016


Homepage,Press Releases


Embassy Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown Opens in the Heart of Business and Cultural Districts

                    Situated in the heart of downtown Pittsburgh on the top 11 floors of the historic 25-story Henry W. Oliver Building, Embassy Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown offers 225 suites. The hotel, which...
Read More











 2/8/2016


Press Releases


First look: Embassy Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown

                    When it formally opens within the Henry W. Oliver Building on Feb. 9, the Embassy Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown will offer some unique features. “It’s a new design and a new...
Read More















Learn more about investing in Indus Hotels
		

































About us

Mission & History
Executive Profiles
Corporate Staff
Careers



Company

Portfolio
Investment
Contact us



New projects

Aloft – Columbus OSU
Canopy by Hilton – Columbus Downtown
Home2 Suites – Columbus (Upper Arlington)
Home2 Suites & TRU by Hilton – Grove City



Portfolio

DoubleTree Hotel by Hilton - Newark
Embassy Suites by Hilton - Pittsburgh (Downtown)
Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (Downtown)
Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (Hilliard)
Hampton Inn & Suites - Columbus (OSU)
Hampton Inn - Columbus (Airport)
Hilton Garden Inn - Columbus (Airport)
Hilton Garden Inn - Columbus (OSU)
Varsity Inn - Columbus (OSU)







                        INDUS HOTELS - 1555 Lennox Town Lane, Columbus, OH  43212 - T: 614.280.0367 F: 614.280.0368

Copyright Indus Hotels 2017. All rights reserved.























FundingDaily.com











			Indus Hilliard Hotel, LLC

				Limited Liability Company
				(jurisdiction of OHIO)
			







Date
Amount




11/25/2016
$0






Address

					1555 LENNOX TOWN LANE
					
					43212 COLUMBUS, OH
					614-280-0571
				



















Travel websites to watch in 2017 from VizEat to LoungeBuddy and HomeToGo | Travel News | Travel | Express.co.uk














































 
 


 
 






















 


















  
























 

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express.













Find us on Facebook


Follow us on Twitter


Check us on Google+


Subscribe to our rss feed








DailyHoroscope
OurApps
Top10
OurPaper
PaperArchive




Weather
17°
London




 







REVEALED: VizEat, LoungeBuddy and HomeToGo among travel websites to WATCH in 2017
VIZEAT, LoungeBuddy and HomeToGo can all be invaluable tools to securing the ultimate holiday, from the cheapest price to the most exotic location. These are the top travel websites you should be watching for the best holiday next year. 



                    By
                                        Claudia Cuskelly




PUBLISHED: 
11:37, Mon, Dec 12, 2016



                        | UPDATED: 11:47, Mon, Dec 12, 2016













VIZEATS*JETSETTER*CULTURETRIP*HOMETOGOTravel 2017: These are five websites to watch for holidays next yearNext year promises to be a trendsetting year in the realm of travel - as tastes change and preferences evolve. Express.co.uk has rounded up the 10 hottest destinations for 2017 bucket lists. But in order to book the best vacation, you have to know where to look. These five travel websites are ones to watch in 2017, offering a differentiated approach to everything from flights to accommodation and cultural experiences. 

Related articles




 Thomson Cruises says farewell to TWO ships in 2017




 Five best value ski resorts in France



CULTURE TRIPTravel websites 2017: Culture Trip provides personalised information about specific areas



Top 10 travel destinations for 2017
Thu, December 8, 2016
Holiday inspiration: These are going to be the top 10 destinations to travel to in 2017. 









Play slideshow





 Getty

1 of 11


Top 10 travel destinations for 2017






1. VizEatThis social food experience platform aims to connect travellers and local hosts with an authentic culinary experience in Europe. Founded in early 2014 in France, it’s now acquired Paris-based pioneer Cookening, making it a European leader in culinary experience sharing. Dine with a local young chef from Rome, or enjoy a bike tour through the food markets of Paris, with the help of this unique website. 2. Culture Trip A global media and tech startup, Culture Trip aims to bring personalised content and recommendations about culture, food and travel to its users. Founder and CEO Dr. Kris Naudts has drawn a smart, influential readership built on curiosity beyond wanderlust.Articles possess a distinctly local mindset, giving travellers the opportunity to hone in to particular areas and generate content based on past searches. 3. HomeToGoThis genius vacation rental metasearch engine sifts through the glut of vacation rental sites, allowing you to quickly and easily search and compare listings. More than 200 countries and 250 providers can generate over 6 million offers of best value accommodation.4. LoungeBuddy LoungeBuddy provides a more relaxing and enjoyable travel experience by connecting guests to all-inclusive lounges in airports. Customers can buy airport lounge access worldwide, starting at £20 ($25).JETSETTERTravel websites 2017: Jetsetter focuses on luxury travel itineraries5. Jetsetter Designed for luxury travel, Jetsetter delivers tried and tested recommendations for properties and hotels. The team test hotel features like bedding, shower pressure, WiFi and local knowledge of staff. They also offer discounts on select hotels and tours of up to 40 per cent. The website’s mould fits with the changing traveller - who is becoming increasingly aware of the value of a strong accommodation and itinerary. 

Related articles




Lonely Planet’s Best in Travel 2017 REVEALED



Why solo travel is the trend of 2017



Top 10 destinations for travel in 2017 


 





Travel









 









 


 


 



 

Latest videos




 
Joanna Krupa flaunts assets as she works-out in eye-popping red bikini in sizzling video





 
Emmerdale rape story: Will Pierce Harris avoid prison amid THOSE lies?





 
'We've got nothing' Gina Miller slammed as Remainer takes aim at Britain's Brexit team





 
Robert Pattinson was almost FIRED from Twilight – For the OPPOSITE of what you'd think





 
Jacob Rees-Mogg for Prime Minister? Odds on Brexiteer to be next Tory leader tumble AGAIN



 






 


 

 







 





 
REVEALED: The reason why plane window blinds have to be UP for landing - it will shock you






 
WATCH: Spanish police take out armed man by using THIS ingenious item






 
Birmingham Airport CHAOS as staff sickness causes long delays and lost luggage






 
Do YOU travel on the WORST train journey in Britain? This service named as most jam-packed






 
REVEALED: This place has been named the most expensive in the WORLD to buy round of drinks






 
Staycation shock: Why you STILL need insurance...or risk losing hundreds of pounds






 
Newcastle Airport opens first KEBAB shop within the terminal as 'healthy option'






 
Venice holiday WARNING: Italian city slaps tourist FINES on picnics and swimsuits






 
How to get a FREE flight upgrade - say THIS at the check-in desk






 
WATCH: Mysterious city floating in the SKY stumps tourists in China 








 
Holiday photo goes hideously wrong and creates THIS weird image






 
Looking for the cheapest flight? Best budget airline INCLUDING hidden fees revealed






 
Flight safety SHOCK: Is it safer to sit backwards on a plane?






 
Delta flight delayed by two hours after fight between pilot and flight attendant






 
Tunisia holidays now SAFE for Britons according to UK government – travel advice explained






 
What is the worst flight experience you have ever had? It probably won't beat THIS story








 
Pound to euro exchange rate: Sterling under pressure as UK growth data is revealed






 
What are your rights when sat next to a disruptive passenger on a flight?






 
'It's really VERY simple...' CNN Host berates Ryanair chief for 'no flights after Brexit'






 
WATCH: Horrifying moment shark swims into shallow sea water - leaving beachgoers terrified






 
Future of travel: Would you insert a microchip in your arm to replace your passport?






 
Worst countries REVEALED for credit card fees abroad…are you going to them?






 
Overbooked Virgin Atlantic remove unaccompanied minor due to too many children onboard






 
Is the Maldives safe? Updated holiday advice after political protests erupt






 
Vatican shuts OFF famous fountains in peak holiday period as Rome drought crisis worsens






 
Is THIS European country the safest on the planet if World War 3 breaks out?








 
REVEALED: Pilots aren't allowed to talk about THIS below 10,000ft 






 
Is Corsica safe? Fierce fires spark mass evacuations of holiday hotspots in France 






 
Pound to euro exchange rate - sterling SLIDES after weaker-than-expected UK growth






 
Future of travel? British Airways wants to have premium and budget airlines in ONE plane






 
Ryanair SLASHES flights to Europe to £9.99 with over 500,000 seats on offer 






 
Ryanair chief threatens NO FLIGHTS from Britain to the EU after Brexit










 






 

 



















































