






PEM Facilities | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 






PEM Facilities

InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC – Model G100P
Waste Management Columbia Ridge Landfill, Arlington, OR, USA
InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC owns a gasification facility that includes InEnTec’s Model G100P PEM® system.  The facility has demonstrated the ability to convert municipal solid waste (household trash) into ultra-clean syngas that can be used to produce renewable hydrogen. The G100P represents a significant commercial advancement of the PEM technology as it provides a nearly 500% increase in throughput over a G100 unit.


Dow Corning Corporation – Model G500
 Midland, MI, USA
Dow Corning Corporation owns a Model G500 PEM at its facility in Midland, Michigan that is designed to convert industrial byproducts into hydrochloric acid, syngas, and Synglass.

Transportable Model G30
 Various Locations
The Model G30 is a fully contained and self-sufficient transportable PEM system on two flat-bed trailers.  The system was demonstrated in March 2007 at Fort Riley Army Base in Kansas, processing municipal solid waste.  The syngas produced by the system was used as fuel in a dual-fuel diesel genset mounted on the second flat bed trailer.  The G30 has been moved to other locations to process various materials, including debris from tornado and storm activity and various wastes from chemical plants.












Global Plasma Technology Limited – Model G100
 Kuan Yin (Taipei), Taiwan R.O.C.
A Model G100 PEM was purchased by Global Plasma for processing medical waste in Kuan Yin, Taiwan (near Taipei); It processed a variety of waste streams including medical waste, batteries, spent solvents, lab packs, and mercury vapor lamps.  The syngas generated from the process was used in a dual-fueled diesel engine to produce electricity.










Kawasaki Plant Systems – Model G100
 Harima, Japan
The G100 PEM used by Kawasaki in Okinawa for PCB processing (listed below) was disassembled and re-installed it in Harima, Japan.  In April 2006, it began operating again to demonstrate the destruction of asbestos materials for potential Kawasaki clients.





















Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. – Model G100
 Okinawa, Japan
InEnTec sold Kawasaki a Model G100 PEM that Kawasaki used in 2003 in Okinawa, Japan to demonstrate the effectiveness of the PEM for destroying PCB oil and PCB-contaminated materials.  The test program was successful, and the PEM is now approved by the Japanese government for PCB destruction.







The Boeing Company – Model G60
 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
The Boeing Company purchased a Model G60 PEM in 2001 and delivered the unit in early 2002 to BioPure Systems SDN BHD in Malaysia, a company Boeing established to own and operate the system.
Fuji Kaihatsu Ltd. – Model G300
 Iizuka City, Japan
InEnTec sold a Model G300 PEM to Fuji Kaihatsu Ltd. for processing wood and plastic waste, using the syngas to produce electric power.  The facility began operatingin July 2002 and Fuji changed the feedstock to electronic scrap shortly after the system came on-line in order to extract gold and copper.



















Asia Pacific Environmental Technologies, Inc. (APET) – Model G100
 Kapolei, HI, USA
APET purchased a Model G100 PEM in 2000 and operations began in February, 2001 processing medical waste and using the syngas for fuel in dual-fueled gas genset that provided power to the PEM.
















Allied Technology Group, Inc – Model G200
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec sold its first commercial PEM system to ATG in 1999 for processing mixed hazardous and radioactive wastes.  It was the first facility in the U.S. to receive a mixed RCRA / TSCA permit.  The system began operating in September 2000.












InEnTec LLC – Model G200 (Commercial Prototype)
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec constructed a Model G200 PEM at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington as the first commercial-scale prototype.  In 1999 this system was used in performance tests conducted by the Environmental Technology Evaluation Center (“EvTEC”).  The EvTEC testing data served as the technical basis for the first-ever RCRA / TSCA Mixed Waste Permit issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.  In the U.S., “mixed waste” often refers to a combination of hazardous and nuclear waste; TSCA waste includes PCB waste.
The EvTEC data was also the basis for an “Equivalency Determination”, issued by U.S. EPA which contained EPA’s concurrence that the destructive effectiveness of the PEM exceeds the mandated requirements that apply to hazardous waste incinerators, thus making the PEM an “equivalent technology” for processing hazardous waste.
InEnTec LLC – Model G60
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec constructed a Model G60 PEM in 1998 at an Energy Northwest (formerly WPPSS) facility in Richland, Washington to develop scaling factors for larger PEM systems and to evaluate additional system components to be included on full-scale systems.  The G60 began operations in February 1999 and was run for about ten months.  After being shut down, the equipment was dismantled and certain components were incorporated into the system sold to Boeing.
InEnTec LLC – Model G10 (Process Test Facility)
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec constructed the first Process Test Facility PEM at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington in 1996.  The system began operations in April 1997 and remains in active use today for client demonstrations, treatability studies on new or customer-specific feedstocks, research and development of operating parameters and equipment upgrades.  It has the same unit operations as a full-scale PEM system, including the Pregasifier that is incorporated into certain PEM models.
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Process Details | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PEM Process Details






 







The PEM® system uses heating from electrically conducting gas (a plasma) to convert waste feeds to valuable products.  PEM systems are highly effective in processing a wide variety of waste streams, including hazardous, medical, radioactive, industrial, municipal and tire wastes; transforming them into valuable commercial products including energy (ultra-clean power generation or transportation fuels production, using the syngas) and industrial materials (chemicals from the syngas; roofing tiles, insulating panels, sand-blasting media and other construction-related products from the glass; and recoverable metals). The PEM system is environmentally attractive based on its minimal environmental impact and ability to provide near-total destruction of organic materials (providing large volume and weight reduction).
Feed Systems:
Feedstock is introduced to the PEM process through a feed system designed specifically for the type of materials being processed.
Pregasifier:
The Pregasifier acts as a ìpreliminaryî processing zone in which a majority (approximately 80%) of the organic portion of the feedstock is converted to syngas.  The remaining feedstock, consisting of inorganic materials (dirt, glass and metal for example), carbon, and other un-processed organics pass through to the outlet at the bottom of the Pregasifier and into the PEM Process Chamber.
PEM Process Chamber:
The remaining feed materials from the Pregasifier are dropped onto a molten glass surface near the plasma-arc zone, within the PEM Process Chamber.  The plasma arc provides the intense energy needed to rapidly gasify the remaining organic materials, converting them to syngas.  The remaining inorganic components are incorporated into the molten glass bath.  The syngas exits the PEM Process Chamber and flows to the Thermal Residence Chamber (TRC).
Thermal Residence Chamber (TRC):
Syngas streams from the Pregasifier and the PEM process chamber are ducted to the TRC, which is designed to provide additional residence time at a high enough temperature to fully process any remaining organic materials present in the syngas and allow the gasification reaction to reach equilibrium.
AC and DC Power Supplies:
The primary power supply system for the PEM introduces both joule-heating and plasma energy into the PEM Process Chamber by means of separate power supplies for the DC plasma and the AC joule heating system.  The DC power is used to produce the plasma-arc, which provides most of the energy for gasification of the feed material.  The independent AC power heats and maintains the glass bath temperature, allowing the plasma-arc power to be focused on the gasification process and not on maintaining the molten pool (as in typical plasma-based systems).
Drain Power Supplies:
The drain power supplies are used to operate the drains, which allow molten glass and metal to be removed from the system during operation.
Syngas Cleaning:
The syngas leaving the TRC is cleaned and conditioned in a series of standard processes to prepare it for use in any final products.
Syngas Products:
The syngas may be used for a variety of applications such as electric generation, liquid fuels production or conversion to industrial products such as hydrogen.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















InEnTec | Clean Planet Technologies

























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 





 




 
 
Today’s Waste … Tomorrow’s Clean Energy℠
 
InEnTec® patented Plasma Enhanced Melter® technology solves two of the world’s most perplexing challenges: disposing of waste in a safe, environmentally-responsible manner and producing valuable, clean products from recycled materials. Without using combustion or incineration, PEM® technology can transform virtually any waste—hazardous, medical, industrial, and municipal—into ultra-clean energy, electricity, and industrial materials. Proven, efficient, and cost-effective, PEM technology provides a clean, green path to a sustainable future.
 
 
 
 






 

The PEM Process
InEnTec’s Plasma Enhanced Melter breaks materials apart into their elemental components (such as hydrogen, carbon, and oxygen) and then transforms those elements into synthesis gas (syngas), one of the basic building blocks of the chemical and energy industries. Syngas can be further processed to meet specific customer requirements. Any waste not converted into syngas gets turned into Synglass™ material, which has many industrial uses. More

 
 
 




 

Greener and Safer
The PEM process is superior to competing methods of waste treatment and disposal, based on its economic and environmental advantages. PEM can used across a wide variety of applications, including distributed power generation and transportation fuels production.  More

 
 
 





Proven Technology
In 1996 InEnTec constructed the first PEM facility at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington.  The system began operations in April 1997 and remains in use today for client demonstrations, treatability studies on new or customer-specific feedstocks, research and development of operating parameters and equipment upgrades. InEnTec has been building PEMs ever since.  More


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Certifications | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PEM Certifications






 






The PEM® has undergone extensive environmental emissions testing by a variety of groups. This testing has been performed on commercial scale PEM systems (Models G100 and G200) by InEnTec staff or InEnTec customers using “third party” contractors for the sample acquisition and chemical analysis. For testing conducted in the USA, the sampling contractor –AmTest Air Quality — has extensive sampling experience and uses USEPA sampling protocols. The chemical analyses of the samples are performed by USEPA certified laboratories. For tests conducted by InEnTec customers in Japan and Taiwan, similar testing, sampling, and analysis protocols are used.
This section of the web site summarizes the key testing done for regulatory authorities and provides links to documents, reports, and papers associated with the testing or approvals. If there are any questions on the material presented, contact InEnTec.
Hazardous Waste Testing
The key hazardous waste testing has been the US Environmental Protection Agency’s EvTEC (Environmental Technology Evaluation Program) Program to evaluate new technologies. At the time of this test, the Civil Engineering Research Foundation (CERF) was the EPA contractor responsible for the EvTEC Program (In 2005, the EPA — CERL agreement to perform this service ended.).
The EvTEC series of tests on the Plasma Enhanced Melter (PEM) (Model G200) were conducted in early 2000. The data were analyzed, peer reviewed, and reported in Dec 2002. Download EvTEC Report or purchase from the CERF library. An abbreviated paper published in 2003 is also available.
The results of the EvTEC series of tests on hazardous waste demonstrated on a simulated hazardous waste stream that the destruction and removal efficiency (DRE) was at least two orders of magnitude greater than the RCRA DRE requirements for a hazardous waste treatment incinerator. Consequently, the EPA approved the PEM for the treatment of hazardous waste. EPA Letter.
PCB Testing by Kawasaki Heavy Industries
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (KHI) purchased a Model G100 PEM for PCB destruction in Japan. Prior to being permitted by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment, KHI had to verify that the system met Japanese requirements for destruction efficiency. The G100 was installed and testing was performed in 2003. The Japanese Industrial Waste Management Foundation reviewed the KHI test data and analyzed the results (JIWMF Report in Japanese or JIWMF Report Translation to English). The end result is the PEM is now an approved technology for PCB destruction in Japan. The results of the KHI tests have been published. IT3 2004 Paper.
Medical Waste and Electronic Scrap Testing
The same PEM facility used for the EvTEC Hazardous Waste Testing (Model G200) was also used for a series of tests on medical waste and electronic scrap. The results of these tests are also reported in the EvTEC report discussed above. EvTEC Report.
Mercury Capture Testing
In 2004, InEnTec performed a test on the efficacy of the mercury capture technology to be implemented on medical waste facilities in the future. This test was conducted on the InEnTec engineering scale PEM in the Richland, WA, Engineering Center. The testing established the effectiveness of the specialized carbon filter technology. This system effectively removed mercury to below detection levels. Mercury Capture Paper
Medical Waste Alternative Treatment Technology Approvals
One of the major market areas InEnTec is pursuing through it subsidiary, InEnTec Medical Services, LLC, (www.inentecms.com) is medical waste processing. Most states require that certain portions of the medical waste stream be incinerated. This is typically the pathological materials, pharmaceuticals, and trace chemotherapy materials. In order to qualify to treat these materials, approval as an “alternate to incineration” must be obtained.
These approvals have obtained for several states. The states having approved the PEM™ as an alternate technology are as follows (Click on state to download their approval letter):
California
New Hampshire
Oregon
Texas
New York
Michigan
Note, in both Oregon and Michigan, some portions of the waste stream are required by law to be sent to an incinerator. Since the PEM is not an incinerator, the state representatives believed that they had no discretionary capacity to approve the PEM for all waste streams even though the PEM operates at higher temperatures than do incinerators. Michigan is changing its law to reflect that other systems such as the PEM can be approved for all wastes. Once the law is changed, the PEM will be fully approved for all portions of the Michigan medical waste stream.
Air Permits and Emissions Testing
Allied Technology Group – RCRA Permit
Allied Technology Group was the first InEnTec customer to obtain a permit to process hazardous waste mixed with radioactive constituents. The permit was issued by the USEPA and the Washington Department of Ecology.
Taiwan – Global Plasma
Global Plasma performed a performance test for the Taiwan Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in early 2006. This system processes medical waste and batteries. Syngas is used in a dual fueled diesel engine to produce electric power. Global Plasma has received approval to operate under the Taiwan EPA operating permit process.
California Air Permit
InEnTec Medical Services California, LLC obtained two approvals for a permit-to-construct (Air Permits) for a medical waste treatment facility in Northern California (Tehama County Air Pollution Control District) in July 2005. A California environmentalist activist organization along with a local group organized by the activists filed an appeal to the local Air Pollution Control District citizen based Hearing Board. The appeal basically claimed the local Air Pollution Control District erred in issuing the permits. Due largely to the complex legal and scientific issues involved, the citizen board agreed with the appellants’ positions and the InEnTec permits were withdrawn.
InEnTec filed its own appeal of the Hearing Board’s findings in the Tehama County Superior Court because we believed that the Hearing Board failed to correctly interpret the law and incorrectly overturned the permits. On Jan 26, 2007, Tehama County Superior Court, Judge John K. Letton, issued his ruling. Judge Letton, in a detailed 35 page ruling, found all 25 of the Hearing Board’s findings without merit (Press Release). Judge Letton further required that “The Hearing Board shall give proper notice and hold a further hearing in this matter no later than February 16, 2007. The Board may continue that hearing from time to time, but the Board shall issue its final written decision/order and findings no later than March 2, 2007.” The Hearing Board met on February 16, 2007 and reviewed their previous findings in light of Judge Letton’s ruling and voted to reinstate the permits on a 3 to 0 vote. Judge Letton’s complete ruling may be downloaded here.
Following the Hearing Board 3-0 ruling against the appeal of the permits, the activists filed another appeal that claimed the Hearing Board should not have ruled without its fourth member present (he was out of town at the time of the Feb 16, 2007 meeting). This appeal was upheld and the hearing board was required to set aside their earlier decision and review the air permit appeal according to the original instructions given by Judge Letton. The Hearing Board met again on September 10, 2007 and this time ruled 3-1 against the air permit appeal. The local news paper, the Red Bluff Daily News, had the following editorial following that latest hearing (download here).
Recycling Determination
InEnTec has applied for and obtained approval from various state agencies for a RCRA recycle determination (40CFR261). These approvals have numerous regulatory and economic advantages for InEnTec and its customers. The PEMTM process recycles feedstock materials into such useful products as clean hydrogen, and alcohols such as methanol and ethanol.
Recycle approval requires that the feedstock have a significant hydrocarbon content and, when processed in the PEMTM gasification system, produce significant syngas. The syngas may be used directly or further processed into other products.
Approval by a state agency is generally done on a case by case basis. Contact InEnTec for more information relative to your situation.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC - Manufacturing- Cook  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC

      Industry: Manufacturing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    17661 Cedar Springs Lane  
    Arlington, OR, 97812Phone: 509-946-5700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-03-20


Amended


$700,000


$450,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-11-28


New


$250,000


$250,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Gary Cook 
 Director 


 Larry Dinkin 
 Director 


 Robert Konig 
 Director 


 Mike Rockett 
 Executive 


 Damon Safranek 
 Director 


 Jeff Surma 
 Director, Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Board of Directors | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









Board of Directors






 





E. Gary Cook, Ph.D
Chairman
Dr. Cook is Chairman of the Board of Directors, and prior to InEnTec’s incorporation in 2011, served as Chairman of the Management Committee of InEnTec LLC since 2002.  He also currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, a building products company, and Chairman of the Board of LRM Industries, a specialized producer of very large thermoplastic products.  Dr. Cook received his B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Virginia and his Ph.D. in Chemistry from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and University. He joined E. I. DuPont in 1969 as a Research Chemist and spent 23 years with DuPont, holding a variety of senior management positions, including Vice President of Medical Products, Vice President and General Manager of Publishing and Printing, and Vice President-Corporate Plans. He joined Ethyl Corporation as Senior Vice President and President-Chemicals Group and Director in 1992. In 1994, Ethyl spun off the Chemicals Group as an independently traded specialty chemical company, Albemarle Corporation, and Dr. Cook served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Albemarle. He became Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Witco Corporation in 1996, and served in that capacity until the merger of Witco and Crompton and Knowles in 1999, at which time he was named Chairman of the merged company, CKWitco. Dr. Cook has served on numerous industry association boards, including those of the Chemical Manufacturers Association, the Soap and Detergent Association, the Graphic Arts Technical Foundation, and the Health Industry Manufacturers Association.
Jeffrey E. Surma
Vice Chairman
Mr. Surma is Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and President and Chief Executive Officer of InEnTec.  Prior to founding InEnTec, Mr. Surma was a senior research engineer at Battelle Pacific Northwest Laboratory (PNNL) where he led multimillion dollar research projects in the areas of high-level radioactive waste vitrification, electrochemical and plasma processing of waste.  Mr. Surma is an inventor on 26 US patents and various international patents and has been the author or presenter of over 50 technical papers.  Mr. Surma won the prestigious R&D 100 award four times for his work on plasma processing and associated technologies and was awarded the Pacific Northwest Directors Award for excellence in engineering.  Mr. Surma led a multi-institutional team involving PNNL and the Plasma Fusion Center at MIT to develop plasma technologies that have since been commercialized through InEnTec.  Mr. Surma holds a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Minnesota and a M.S. in Chemical Engineering from Montana State University.
Larry Dinkin
Mr. Dinkin has an extensive background in business startups and management and is one of the founders of InEnTec. He has been the key individual involved in the startup of three prior successful companies. The most recent, Marie Callender Retail Foods, grew during Mr. Dinkin’s tenure from a startup in 1987 with $2 million of venture capital to a business with over $160 million in annual sales in 1994 and was sold in September 1994 to Con Agra. Mr. Dinkin has received several business awards, including Long Island Entrepreneur of the Year from Inc. Magazine and a Clio Award for his Marie Callender design work. He was featured in the June 26, 1995, issue of Advertising Age magazine in the “Marketing 100” (the 100 hottest marketing successes) for the Marie Callender concept. Prior to his startup and management career, Mr. Dinkin worked as a computer consultant at Univac and at Coopers and Lybrand.
Robert Y. Konig
Mr. Konig is General Counsel at Broadway Healthcare, and has been designated by Moshe Isaac Foundation to be a member of InEnTecís Board.  Mr Konig worked for Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe and Weil Gotshal & Manges where he specialized in corporate and real estate transactions.  As General Counsel for Broadway Healthcare, Mr. Konig is responsible for all general legal matters as well as the oversight of significant commercial and residential real estate development activities.  Mr. Konig received his B.S. in Business Management from Yeshiva University, Syms School of Business and his J.D. from Fordham University School of Law.  Mr. Konig is active in various charities and has worked pro bono representing holocaust survivors.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Board of Directors | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









Board of Directors






 





E. Gary Cook, Ph.D
Chairman
Dr. Cook is Chairman of the Board of Directors, and prior to InEnTec’s incorporation in 2011, served as Chairman of the Management Committee of InEnTec LLC since 2002.  He also currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, a building products company, and Chairman of the Board of LRM Industries, a specialized producer of very large thermoplastic products.  Dr. Cook received his B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Virginia and his Ph.D. in Chemistry from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and University. He joined E. I. DuPont in 1969 as a Research Chemist and spent 23 years with DuPont, holding a variety of senior management positions, including Vice President of Medical Products, Vice President and General Manager of Publishing and Printing, and Vice President-Corporate Plans. He joined Ethyl Corporation as Senior Vice President and President-Chemicals Group and Director in 1992. In 1994, Ethyl spun off the Chemicals Group as an independently traded specialty chemical company, Albemarle Corporation, and Dr. Cook served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Albemarle. He became Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Witco Corporation in 1996, and served in that capacity until the merger of Witco and Crompton and Knowles in 1999, at which time he was named Chairman of the merged company, CKWitco. Dr. Cook has served on numerous industry association boards, including those of the Chemical Manufacturers Association, the Soap and Detergent Association, the Graphic Arts Technical Foundation, and the Health Industry Manufacturers Association.
Jeffrey E. Surma
Vice Chairman
Mr. Surma is Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and President and Chief Executive Officer of InEnTec.  Prior to founding InEnTec, Mr. Surma was a senior research engineer at Battelle Pacific Northwest Laboratory (PNNL) where he led multimillion dollar research projects in the areas of high-level radioactive waste vitrification, electrochemical and plasma processing of waste.  Mr. Surma is an inventor on 26 US patents and various international patents and has been the author or presenter of over 50 technical papers.  Mr. Surma won the prestigious R&D 100 award four times for his work on plasma processing and associated technologies and was awarded the Pacific Northwest Directors Award for excellence in engineering.  Mr. Surma led a multi-institutional team involving PNNL and the Plasma Fusion Center at MIT to develop plasma technologies that have since been commercialized through InEnTec.  Mr. Surma holds a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Minnesota and a M.S. in Chemical Engineering from Montana State University.
Larry Dinkin
Mr. Dinkin has an extensive background in business startups and management and is one of the founders of InEnTec. He has been the key individual involved in the startup of three prior successful companies. The most recent, Marie Callender Retail Foods, grew during Mr. Dinkin’s tenure from a startup in 1987 with $2 million of venture capital to a business with over $160 million in annual sales in 1994 and was sold in September 1994 to Con Agra. Mr. Dinkin has received several business awards, including Long Island Entrepreneur of the Year from Inc. Magazine and a Clio Award for his Marie Callender design work. He was featured in the June 26, 1995, issue of Advertising Age magazine in the “Marketing 100” (the 100 hottest marketing successes) for the Marie Callender concept. Prior to his startup and management career, Mr. Dinkin worked as a computer consultant at Univac and at Coopers and Lybrand.
Robert Y. Konig
Mr. Konig is General Counsel at Broadway Healthcare, and has been designated by Moshe Isaac Foundation to be a member of InEnTecís Board.  Mr Konig worked for Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe and Weil Gotshal & Manges where he specialized in corporate and real estate transactions.  As General Counsel for Broadway Healthcare, Mr. Konig is responsible for all general legal matters as well as the oversight of significant commercial and residential real estate development activities.  Mr. Konig received his B.S. in Business Management from Yeshiva University, Syms School of Business and his J.D. from Fordham University School of Law.  Mr. Konig is active in various charities and has worked pro bono representing holocaust survivors.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














InEnTec | Our Waste Matters












































Our Waste Matters
Cans With A Conscience










					InEnTec				



Plasma Gasified Waste 
September 19, 2015 / aasupple  / 2 Comments




700-acre Columbia Ridge Landfill in Arlington, Oregon processes 35,000 tons of household trash weekly by train from Seattle and by truck from Portland.  It is owned by Waste Management.
As of November 2014, not all the trash arriving at Columbia Ridge got buried.  Some of it was destined for a special kind of treatment—one that could redefine how we think about trash.
“Our goal is to extract as much value as possible from waste and this project will help us recover resources to generate clean fuels, renewable energy and other beneficial products,” said Dean Kattler, area vice president for Waste Management Pacific Northwest.
There is value in trash if you can unlock it.  S4 Energy Solutions and Waste Management combined and built the first commercial plant in the US that uses plasma gasification to convert municipal household garbage into gas products.
The seemingly sci-fi transformation occurs because the trash is blasted apart by plasma.  Plasma is a cloud of protons, neutrons and electrons where all the electrons have come loose from their respective molecules and atoms, giving the plasma the ability to act as a whole rather than as a bunch of atoms.  Plasma is like gas in that you can’t grip or pour it, but because extreme heat ionizes some atoms (adding or subtracting electrons), causing conductivity, it behaves differently from gas.
Plasma
Until now, plasma gasification has proven too energy and capital intensive for real world use on everyday trash.  The value of the syngas produced was worth less than the amount of energy required to power the furnaces and melt the trash.
The US generates about 250 million tons of trash a year. Even with recycling and composting facilities tackling an estimated 85 million tons of refuse per year, it would take thousands of expensive new plants to handle the nation’s municipal trash output.
Jeff Surma, cofounder of S4 Energy Solutions may have finally solved that problem. (S4 refers to plasma, the fourth state of matter. The other three are solid, liquid, and gas.)
In 1985, freshly graduated from Montana State University, he was hired by Pacific Northwest National Laboratory to work on nuclear waste. Beginning with the Manhattan Project, the US government cooked most of the plutonium for America’s nuclear weapons arsenal with its nine nuclear reactors, giant plutonium processing plants, and buried tanks of radioactive sludge, earning the site the distinction of being one of the most contaminated nuclear waste sites in the Western Hemisphere.
Surma’s first project was to work on joule-heated melters, a method for processing nuclear waste. This chemical process, known as vitrification, immobilizes radioactive materials in an inert form of glass. The team was able to convert all the nuclear waste into four-foot-tall canisters of vitrified glass.
But the facility also had huge quantities of  low-level radioactive trash that couldn’t go to a landfill and wasn’t suited for vitrification.
So, Surma learned about the plasma torch that scientists at NASA were using to mimic the effect of extreme heat on manned spacecraft reentering the atmosphere and that plasma for processing waste was being used in the metal and chemical industries to dispose of their very expensive toxic sludge.
Simultaneously, GE high-voltage engineer, Charles Titus, became convinced that the current technology using metal torches didn’t work because they got damaged by the very heat they delivered.  So, he created plasma with an electric arc strung between two graphite electrodes.
Also around that time, MIT physicist, Dan Cohn, at Plasma Science and Fusion Center was searching for plasma technology’s possible environmental applications.
Cohn, Titus and Surma connected and before long they were brainstorming on how to get the technology to dispose of the billions of tons of common household trash (MSW).
The challenge was the high energy costs, the heterogeneity of municipal solid waste, and the toxins in heavy metals (busted televisions, microwave ovens, dead batteries, broken thermometers, old paints) that aren’t broken down by plasma and need to be safely kept away from all water supplies.
The trio also knew that the massive municipal solid waste market would need a clean system with no harmful byproducts or their project could look like another form of incineration, that has a bad reputation due to the air pollution it creates.
Surma thought they could combine plasma with vitrification to handle the harmful byproducts, but they needed to keep the resulting molten inert glass byproducts at the bottom of the vessel from cooling down and hardening.
Since, this molten glass needs alternating current to maintain steady temperature and the electric arc for the plasma runs on direct current, Titus designed a system that would enable DC and AC to cohabitate within a plasma gasification furnace with a melter.  The team calculated that this approach would provide just enough energy to sustain the plasma, atomize the trash, and keep the glass in a molten state.
Within a few months Jeff Surma, Dan Cohn, and Charles Titus  launched their company, Integrated Environmental Technologies (InEnTec).

Their first commercial units were sold to Boeing and Kawasaki, which produce lots of hazardous waste at a great disposal cost.

“It was always our intent, from the very first patent, to go after the municipal solid waste stream,” Surma said. “But customer pull drew us into more lucrative hazardous- and medical-waste treatment.”
With InEnTec’s chief engineer, Jim Batdorf, they tried to come up with ways to make their technology economically feasible  for the more challenging miscellaneous content of household garbage.
The breakthrough was to stack a conventional gasifier above the plasma-enhanced melter.  The trash gets heated and treated by this preliminary gasifier, then moves into the chamber with the plasma zapper and vitrification.  This strategy improves efficiency because it takes less energy for the plasma to blast materials that are already heated.
The machine is illustrated below by Jim Batdorf.



1: Gasification.  A conveyer belt delivers shredded trash into a chamber mixed with oxygen and steam heated to 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit transforming about 80 percent of the waste into a mixture of gases that are piped out of the system.
2: Plasma Blasting.  Material that doesn’t succumb to the initial heat enters a specially insulated cauldron.  An 18,000-degree Fahrenheit electric arc runs between two electrodes creating a plasma zone in the center of the container.  Exposed to this intense heat, almost all the remaining trash gets blasted into  atomic elements and the resulting gases are piped out.


3: Hazmat Capture.  At the bottom of the cauldron sits a joule-heated melter that maintains a molten glass bath to trap any hazardous material left over from the plasma process.


4: Recycling.  The inert molten glass is drawn out of the system to be converted into low-value materials such as road aggregate.  The liquified metals are recycled into steel.
5: Fuel Capture. The sequestered syngas (mostly carbon monoxide and hydrogen) is cleaned, sold and converted to fuels like diesel and ethanol, used to produce electricity on sight and off, or used as a substitute for natural gas in heating and electricity generation.

 After a review that lasted more than two years, Waste Management determined that InEnTec was one of the few firms in the world whose plasma gasification technology looked viable.  Waste Management started as an equity interest in S4Energy Solutions LLC, a joint venture with InEnTec Inc., and later became an equity partner in InEnTec. The two companies are developing a plasma gasification plant in Arlington, Oregon, using InEnTec’s plasma enhanced melter (PEM) technology and Waste Management’s Columbia Ridge Landfill.

Carl Rush, a senior vice president at Waste Management says, “The easy answer used to be: Store it in a can, put it in a truck, and then send it to a big hole in the ground.  We’re moving away from that as a society.”
People don’t like landfills, it’s becoming costlier to transport and bury garbage, and even in the spacious American West, landfills are gradually butting up against more backyards and inching their way toward local water tables.
Waste Management, the largest owner of landfills, hopes they will help accelerate the transition to an era in which the very idea of garbage itself is garbage.  And they want to be positioned to profit when that time comes.  Time to invest?
Trash-to-fuel technology has been around since the 1970s.  Burning waste to generate electricity produces a stew of byproducts that need to be disposed of no matter how fancy the emissions scrubbers are.  So, environmentalists and some in the industry have remained skeptical of trash-to-fuel because it doesn’t address concerns for our overconsumption, it diverts resources and focus from recycling programs, and MSW plasma gasification technology is still too new to make any difference.
Construction of the Columbia Ridge plant was recently completed, and the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality has issued all the permits necessary for the facility to begin operations.  The plant is still so new that it remains to be seen whether the quality and quantity of the syngas can produce fuel good enough to use.  The operation will begin as a small 25 ton per day commercial demonstration plant. That’s 34,825 tons short of the MSW the landfill currently takes in.
So!  Will we get a guilt-free-energy-producing solution to our waste problems?  Some things to consider:

http://www.mdpub.com/gasifier/     for a DIY home gasifier!  This guy is a true engineer mind.
Communities that have installed waste conversion facilities tend to have a more positive opinion of the technologies, according to the EPA.
Real-world cost and environmental information is difficult to obtain primarily due to the current stage of U.S. development of conversion technologies.   http://www.wte.org/userfiles/files/ERC_2014_Directory.pdf
EPA estimates that gasification of MSW saves 6.5—13 MMBtu per ton as compared to landfill disposal.
Additional research that could be done in the near term to advance the understanding of conversion technologies might include:  High vs low feedstock BTU value,  Plant energy conversion efficiency,  Recovery of MSW for recycling,  Beneficial uses for different end gases,  Distance to market for syngas,  Market prices for energy products, Market prices for recyclables and other byproducts.

How You Can Help:



Use less—No matter how efficient we make our processes, and no matter how well we deal with waste, we cannot reach carbon neutrality without reducing our resource consumption.



Until next week:
Garbage Girl





 


Follow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 187 other followers







 


  Recent Posts 

The Phoenix of Waste


Rats Aren’t Wasting Brooklyn’s Popularity


Plastic Waste Solutions


Google Maps Didn’t Waste an Earth Day Opportunity!


Poverty, Waste and Women


 

Search for:



Recent Comments 
Daniel Depperman on The Phoenix of WasteEric Warren on Conquest, Spirituality and…Sarah Ford on E-Wastehannah on Mercury Waste DisposalMadison Gardner on Is Recycling Wasteful? 
Categories 
Air

Air Pollution

Bill de Blasio

Blog

Brooklyn

Compost

Composting

e-cycleNYC

Electronics Recycling

Food Waste

garbage

Kathryn Garcia

Landfills

Michael Bloomberg

NRDC

NYCity Council

NYDS

Plastic

Rats

Recycling

refashioNYC

Refuse

Reuse

snow removal

Soil

Soil Pollution

Sustainability

Sustainable Beauty Products

Uncategorized

Waste

Waste Awareness

Water

Water Pollution


 























Post to



Cancel







 







 










































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC
	

	

   


	0001690858-16-000001 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 
						InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC 
					

					D
				

					  0001690858-16-000001 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Nov. 28, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Nov. 28, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Nov. 28, 2016



Signed By

 J.M. ROCKETT


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001690858-16-000001
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC


			[ Limited Liability Company ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			DELAWARE
		


	 
	
	 17661 CEDAR SPRINGS LANE
	 
	
	
	   ARLINGTON, 
	   OR, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   509-946-5700    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


JEFF SURMA

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


MIKE ROCKETT

[ Executive Officer ] 

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


GARY COOK

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


LARRY DINKIN

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


ROBERT KONIG

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


DAMON SAFRANEK

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Manufacturing 
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: $1 - $1,000,000


Date of first sale: 
2016-11-14


			
				[ Debt ]
			
				[ Option, Warrant or Right ]
			
				[ Security to be acquired ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 8,000,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 250,000
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 7,750,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			1 investors have already invested in this offering
		



				Issuer
			


					 
					InEnTec Inc. 
					
						

	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	  ,  RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    509-946-5700    
	    

				

			Signature
		


				InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC [ /JM ROCKETT/ ]  
				J.M. ROCKETT [ VICE PRESIDENT ] 2016-11-28
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC
 Cik: 0001690858
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 17661 CEDAR SPRINGS LANE
	 
	
	
	   ARLINGTON, 
	   OR, 
	   97812
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


271892156



			USA 
		
		[ DE ] 
1231



	 
	
	 1935 BUTLER LOOP
	 
	
	
	   RICHLAND, 
	   WA, 
	   99354
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-275186
film number162019059




filer







InEnTec Inc.
 Cik: 0001039614
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 595 SW BLUFF DRIVE
	 
	  SUITE B
	
	   BEND, 
	   OR, 
	   97702
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


113278851



			USA 
		
		[ DE ] 
1231



	 
	
	 595 SW BLUFF DRIVE
	 
	  SUITE B
	
	   BEND, 
	   OR, 
	   97702
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	


July 8, 2009InEnTec LLC
May 19, 1997INTEGRATED ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC




form typeD
act33
file number021-275186-01
film number162019060





























































About | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









About Inentec
Today's Waste, Tomorrow's Fuel






 





Today’s Waste . . . Tomorrow’s Fuel
InEnTec’s technology, called the Plasma Enhanced Melter® or PEM®, uses the power of plasma to break materials apart into their elemental components (such as hydrogen, carbon, and oxygen) and then transform those elements into synthesis gas which is one of the basic building blocks of the chemical and energy industries.  Plasma, in simple terms, is an electrically charged gas, much like the sun and stars.
The PEM represents the ultimate in recycling because it actually rearranges the molecular structure of low-value materials (waste) and transforms them into high-value products such as transportation fuels, hydrogen, electricity and manufacturing feedstocks.  Feedstocks to the PEM can include household garbage (municipal solid waste), hazardous waste, medical waste, commercial and industrial by-products, and virtually any other type of organic material or waste.  The PEM is clean, efficient, environmentally friendly, and cost-effective.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















PEM Technology | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PEM Overview






 





PEM® systems provide a revolutionary way of dealing with two very pressing problems faced by today’s society: creating clean, renewable energy and waste treatment and disposal. InEnTec views the PEM system as superior to competing methods of waste treatment and disposal, based on its economic and environmental advantages and potential to be used across a wide variety of applications, including distributed power generation and transportation fuels production.  These advantages can provide:

Lower waste processing costs for the customer.
Optional on-site power generation.
Greater recycling of waste materials into commercial products, creating valuable secondary revenue streams.
Environmentally responsible operations, including reduced Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and eliminated future liability for the waste.

Traditional treatment methods do not share these benefits.  With an increased focus on environmentally responsible, economically advantageous ways of dealing with waste disposal, customers around the world seeking waste treatment services are turning more readily to new methods for managing waste.  InEnTec’s PEM system is the best available option.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















Inentec Columbia Ridge Llc | Arlington, OR

























Inentec Columbia Ridge Llc
INENTEC COLUMBIA RIDGE LLC
17661 Cedar Springs Ln, Arlington, OR 97812 






                Directions
              








Acceptable Materials

mixed media/debris/devices
inorganic liquids
organic liquids



Contact Details


Street Address


                  17661 Cedar Springs LnArlington, OR 97812
                                  















 

×
 Request Pricing


Fill out the form below to request pricing for your waste and we will get back to you with more information. Thank you!
    
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required


Your Name *



Company Name *



Email *



Phone Number *



Address Line 1 *



Address Line 2





City *





State / Province







Zip / Postal Code *





Country *

Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint LUCIA
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe






Source Generating this Waste *

  Residential
      
  Commercial
      
  Industrial/Remedial
    

Common Name of Waste *



How was this waste generated? *



One-time shipment or ongoing? *

  One-Time
      
  Ongoing
    

How much do you have accumulated for disposal? *



How is the waste being stored? *



Where is the waste going now? *



How Urgent is This Request? (Not urgent, needs removed now, etc.) *























