



                  Product Demo Center                                             Skip to main content                Contact us – find telephone numbers and addresses  Toll free phone numbers  Sales: +1 800 260 2640 Support: +1 877 772 4111 Toll-free: +1 866 244 5479   Sales Inquiry : +44 808 238 1641 Email : contact@infor.com  Click here for map.   Infor World Headquarters 641 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10011Office Hours 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM   World wide locations All offices ›        Select your language EN English CN Chinese 中文 CZ Czechian DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français IT Italiano JP Japanese 日本語 KR Korean 한국어 NL Nederlands PL Polski PT Português RU Russian русский      Search   Search                Infor In The Cloud  About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions  Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management  Technology  Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  See product demos › Product index ›   Complete business platforms inthe cloud  Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   See product demos ›Industries index ›   Service Offerings  Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support Training  Education Certification Customer Resources  Customer Center Upgrade your software  Log in to SupportLog in to Infor Campus training    Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories    Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner   Company  About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us News, Events & Sponsorships  Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship Our Culture  Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Program Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›   Infor  Toggle navigation         Product Demo Center     Product Demo Center   Click below to explore Infor's end-to-end industry suites and complete platforms built for the cloud, as well as individual apps that power specific business areas. Discover how Infor software solutions deliver a completely modern experience, designed to change how users engage with technology to drive excellence. For a complete list of Infor products, see the A-Z product index.             Industry CloudSuites          Industry CloudSuites     1:38     A comprehensive suite of solutions for a more agile, resilient and synchronized supply chain.       CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Automotive ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Business ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Corporate ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Distribution ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Equipment Rental ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Facilities Management ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Fashion ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Food & Beverage ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite HCM ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Healthcare ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Hospitality ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Industrial ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Industrial Machinery ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Public Sector ›   Overview Overview               Product Lifecycle Management          Supply Chain Management          Customer Experience          Product Lifecycle Management     03:47     Data-driven insights for product development, management, design, and production       PLM for Fashion ›   Overview Demo     PLM for Process Manufacturing ›   Overview Demo     PLM for Discrete Manufacturing ›   Overview Overview           Supply Chain Management     2:02     Industry-specific solutions for planning and executing supply chain strategies       Sales and operations planning ›   Overview Demo     Supply chain planning ›   Overview Demo     Warehouse management ›   Overview Demo     Global supply chain network ›   Overview Overview           Customer Experience     2:02     Converged commerce suite to accelerate engagement and enrich the customer experience       Customer relationship management ›   Overview Demo     Configure price quote ›   Overview Demo     Contract lifecycle management ›   Overview Demo     Marketing resource management ›   Overview Overview     Interaction advisor ›   Overview Demo     Omni-channel campaign management ›   Overview Overview     eCommerce for B2B ›   Overview Demo     Converged Commerce for Retail ›   Overview Overview           Financials & Performance Management          Human Capital Management          Enterprise Asset Management          Financials & Performance Management     2:08     A suite of products designed to manage risk and offer a holistic view of business performance       Core financial management ›   Overview Demo     Procurement & supply management ›   Overview Overview     Performance management - budgeting, planning, forecasting, and consolidation ›   Overview Overview     Risk management & compliance monitoring ›   Overview Demo     Expense management ›   Overview Demo           Human Capital Management     4:16     Talent management systems to optimize workforce and human resource practices       Core HR management ›   Overview Demo     Talent management ›   Overview Demo     Talent portfolio optimization & hiring automation ›   Overview Demo     Workforce management ›   Overview Demo     Learning management ›   Overview Demo     HR service delivery ›   Overview Demo           Enterprise Asset Management     1:44     Asset management software available in preconfigured editions for distinct industry needs       Transit ›   Overview Demo     Facilities Management ›   Overview Demo     Discrete Manufacturing (Ind'l, A&D, HT, Auto) ›   Overview Demo     Healthcare ›   Overview Demo     Oil & Gas ›   Overview Demo               Infor Xi Architecture          Infor Xi Architecture     2:11     The technology platform that powers seamless, automatic, and intelligent business operations       Infor Xi platform ›   Overview Overview     Infor ION ›   Overview Demo     Infor Document Management ›   Overview Demo     Infor BI ›   Overview Demo                                             Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                   


i3 Product Development | Innovation Inspiration Integrity
























InForm is now i3 Product Development
Designing products and experiences for the modern world.
Continue to site






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













                    Infor | Industry Specific Business Applications                                          Skip to main content                Contact us – find telephone numbers and addresses  Toll free phone numbers  Sales: +1 800 260 2640 Support: +1 877 772 4111 Toll-free: +1 866 244 5479   Sales Inquiry : +44 808 238 1641 Email : contact@infor.com  Click here for map.   Infor World Headquarters 641 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10011Office Hours 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM   World wide locations All offices ›        Select your language EN English CN Chinese 中文 CZ Czechian DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français IT Italiano JP Japanese 日本語 KR Korean 한국어 NL Nederlands PL Polski PT Português RU Russian русский      Search   Search                Infor In The Cloud  About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions  Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management  Technology  Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  See product demos › Product index ›   Complete business platforms inthe cloud  Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   See product demos ›Industries index ›   Service Offerings  Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support Training  Education Certification Customer Resources  Customer Center Upgrade your software  Log in to SupportLog in to Infor Campus training    Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories    Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner   Company  About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us News, Events & Sponsorships  Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship Our Culture  Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Program Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›  Infor  Toggle navigation       Infor         Infor announces Coleman AI Artificial intelligence platform uses machine learning to augment, automate, and advise Read the announcement ›     Honoring Katherine Coleman Johnson The renowned NASA mathematician is a key inspiration for the next generation of Infor solutions Watch the video ›     The top news from Inforum Recap the biggest announcements unveiled so far at Inforum 2017 Read more ›       Infor Concierge unifies customer touchpoints in a single portal Infor amplifies customer service through streamlined access to rich, personalized, actionable information Read more ›     Networked CloudSuites™ redefine supply chain agility The GT Nexus commerce network combines with Infor CloudSuite™ industry business platforms Learn more ›       LinkedIn Sales Navigator for Infor CRM Infor and LinkedIn partner to deliver customer relational data for sales professionals Read more ›     See highlights from Inforum 2017 Catch all the special announcements made at General Session this year Watch replay now ›     Progress Makers shine at Inforum Infor announces award winners for outstanding customer achievements See the winners ›       Delivering value in an age of connected intelligence Learn how to take advantage of new technologies that make today’s enterprise more connected than ever Read the article ›     Koch Industries to deploy Infor CloudSuite Second largest privately-held company in the US will move financials and human resources to the cloud Read more ›       Prev        Infor announces Coleman AI       Infor Concierge unifies customer touchpoints in a single portal       LinkedIn Sales Navigator for Infor CRM       Delivering value in an age of connected intelligence     Next        Infor announces Coleman AI       Infor Concierge unifies customer touchpoints in a single portal       LinkedIn Sales Navigator for Infor CRM       Delivering value in an age of connected intelligence           A truly modern enterprise experience  See next generation business applications in action: industry-specific software, built with last mile functionality. Visit the product demo center ›            Driving innovation for leading organizations in every industry                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Google+       Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                  


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









                 All Products                                                 null    Customer Center Chat  1 800 260 2640 +44 808 238 1641 EN        EN  EN- English (Corporate)CN- 中文 (Chinese)CZ- CzechianDE- DeutschES- EspañolFR- FrançaisIT- ItalianoJP- 日本語 (Japanese)KR- 한국어 (Korean)NL- NederlandsPL- PolskiPT- PortuguêsRU- русский (Russian)                            Products     Infor In The Cloud About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management   Technology Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  Quick Links See product demos Product index           Industries     Complete business platforms in the cloud Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage  Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   Industries index See product demos         Services     Service Offerings Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support  Training Education Certification  Customer Resources Customer Center Upgrade your software  Quick Links Log in to Support Log in to Infor Campus Training          Customers     Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories         Partners     Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner         About     Company About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us   News, Events & Sponsorships Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship  Our Culture Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›               Product Index  Infor builds industry-specific applications and end-to-end software suites that are engineered for speed and designed to offer an intuitive, transparent, and elegant user experience. Explore our full list of offerings, or click under Solutions to view products that are relevant to that particular solution area.        Home > Products > All Products            Solutions All Aerospace & Defense Automotive Chemicals Cloud Configure Price Quote Construction Customer Experience Suite Dynamic Enterprise Performance Management Distribution Enterprise Asset Management Enterprise Financial Management Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service Enterprise Resource Planning Fashion Financial Services & Insurance Food & Beverage Healthcare High Tech & Electronics Hospitality Human Capital Management Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing Product Lifecycle Management Property Management Public Sector Retail Supply Chain Management Technology / Architecture       Infor Products A-Z    #ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ #   2D Design Automation  3D Design Automation      A   Accounting | Hospitality  Advanced Modules  AMSI construction and property management  Anael FMS  Anael HCM  Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI)  Automotive Exchange      C   CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense  CloudSuite Automotive  CloudSuite Business  CloudSuite Corporate  CloudSuite Distribution  CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise  CloudSuite Equipment Rental  CloudSuite Facilities Management  CloudSuite Fashion  CloudSuite Financials  CloudSuite Food & Beverage  CloudSuite HCM  CloudSuite Healthcare  CloudSuite Hospitality  CloudSuite Industrial  CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine)  CloudSuite Industrial Machinery  CloudSuite Public Sector  CloudSuite Supply Management  Cloverleaf Hosted HIE  Cloverleaf Integration Suite  Configure Price Quote  Construction  Contract Lifecycle Management  Converged Commerce  Customer Relationship Management (CRM)      D   d/EPM  Distribution A+  Distribution FACTS  Distribution SX.e  Document Automation  Document Management      E   E Series FMS  EAM Energy Performance Management  EAM Enterprise  EnRoute  EPAK  Evolution ERP  Expense Management  EzRMS      F   F9  Factory Track  Fourth Shift      G   Gaming | Hospitality  Global Financial Controller  Global Human Resources  GT Nexus      H   Hospitality Management Solution (HMS)  HR Service Delivery      I   Infinium HCM  Infor Coleman  Infor Local.ly  Infor Ming.le™  Interaction Advisor  ION      L   Lawson Analytics  Lawson Supply Chain Management for Healthcare  Lawson Technology  Learning Management  LN  LX      M   M Series FMS  M3  Marketing Resource Management  Master Data Management  Masterpiece FMS  Mongoose  MP2      O   Omni-channel Campaign Management  Optiva  OS      P   Pathway  Pegasus accounting software  PLM Accelerate  PLM Discrete  PLM Fashion  Product Configurator  Professional Services Automation  Property Management  Public Sector Asset Management Tools  Public Sector CDR  Public Sector CIS Billing  Public Sector CRM  Public Sector Transit & Rail Asset Management      Q   Query & Analysis      R   Restaurant Systems  Retail Demand Management  Rhythm  Rhythm for Civics  Rhythm for Commerce  Risk and Compliance      S   Sales & Operations Planning  Sales and Marketing | Hospitality  Sales Intelligence for CRM  Sales Portal  Service Management  SmartStream HCM  Storefront  SunSystems  Supply Chain Execution  Supply Chain Execution for Logistics Service Providers  Supply Chain Planning  System21  SyteLine - CloudSuite Industrial      T   Talent Management  Talent Science      U   UpgradeX      V   VISUAL  VISUAL Jobshop      W   Workforce Management      X   XA         CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) Configure Price Quote d/EPM EAM Enterprise LN Supply Chain Planning       Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) Automotive Exchange CloudSuite Automotive CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) Customer Relationship Management (CRM) d/EPM EAM Enterprise GT Nexus Infor Ming.le™ LN Supply Chain Planning       CloudSuite Industrial EAM Enterprise GT Nexus M3 Optiva Sales & Operations Planning       CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense CloudSuite Automotive CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate CloudSuite Distribution CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise CloudSuite Equipment Rental CloudSuite Facilities Management CloudSuite Fashion CloudSuite Food & Beverage CloudSuite HCM CloudSuite Healthcare CloudSuite Hospitality CloudSuite Industrial CloudSuite Industrial Machinery CloudSuite Public Sector UpgradeX       Configure Price Quote 2D Design Automation 3D Design Automation Document Automation Product Configurator Sales Portal       EAM Enterprise Construction       Contract Lifecycle Management Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Interaction Advisor Marketing Resource Management Omni-channel Campaign Management Rhythm Sales Intelligence for CRM       Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) Risk and Compliance d/EPM Lawson Analytics       CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise Configure Price Quote Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Distribution A+ Distribution FACTS Distribution SX.e M3 Storefront       EAM Enterprise EAM Energy Performance Management MP2       CloudSuite Financials Expense Management Global Financial Controller Risk and Compliance SunSystems       d/EPM M3 Service Management       CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) LN LX M3 System21 VISUAL VISUAL Jobshop XA       CloudSuite Fashion Configure Price Quote GT Nexus PLM Fashion Supply Chain Execution       CloudSuite Financials d/EPM Expense Management Global Human Resources GT Nexus Master Data Management Talent Science       CloudSuite Food & Beverage CloudSuite Industrial EAM Enterprise GT Nexus M3 Optiva Supply Chain Planning       CloudSuite Financials CloudSuite Healthcare CloudSuite Supply Management Cloverleaf Hosted HIE Cloverleaf Integration Suite Global Human Resources Lawson Supply Chain Management for Healthcare Talent Management Workforce Management       CloudSuite Industrial Customer Relationship Management (CRM) d/EPM EAM Enterprise GT Nexus LN Supply Chain Planning       Accounting | Hospitality EzRMS Gaming | Hospitality Global Human Resources Hospitality Management Solution (HMS) Restaurant Systems Sales and Marketing | Hospitality Talent Management Workforce Management       Anael HCM CloudSuite HCM Global Human Resources HR Service Delivery Learning Management Talent Management Talent Science Workforce Management       CloudSuite Industrial CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) CloudSuite Industrial Machinery Configure Price Quote EAM Enterprise LN Supply Chain Planning       CloudSuite Industrial CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) Configure Price Quote Customer Relationship Management (CRM) d/EPM EAM Enterprise EPAK Factory Track GT Nexus LN Supply Chain Planning       Optiva PLM Accelerate PLM Discrete PLM Fashion       CloudSuite Facilities Management Hospitality Management Solution (HMS) Property Management       Advanced Modules Risk and Compliance Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) CloudSuite Corporate CloudSuite Public Sector Cloverleaf Integration Suite Construction d/EPM EnRoute Global Human Resources HR Service Delivery Learning Management Pathway Property Management Public Sector Asset Management Tools Public Sector CDR Public Sector CIS Billing Public Sector CRM Public Sector Transit & Rail Asset Management Talent Management Talent Science Workforce Management       Risk and Compliance Converged Commerce EAM Enterprise GT Nexus Retail Demand Management Supply Chain Execution Talent Science Workforce Management       CloudSuite Supply Management Factory Track GT Nexus Lawson Supply Chain Management for Healthcare Sales & Operations Planning Supply Chain Execution Supply Chain Execution for Logistics Service Providers Supply Chain Planning       Document Management Infor Coleman Infor Local.ly Infor Ming.le™ ION Lawson Technology Master Data Management Mongoose Query & Analysis Rhythm Rhythm for Civics Rhythm for Commerce UpgradeX           Quick links: About Infor Services Support Investors Partners Careers Contact usSpecialized by industry.Engineered for speed.  Privacy Legal Site map© Copyright 2017. Infor. All rights reserved.                                    Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                   




                  Product Demo Center                                             Skip to main content                Contact us – find telephone numbers and addresses  Toll free phone numbers  Sales: +1 800 260 2640 Support: +1 877 772 4111 Toll-free: +1 866 244 5479   Sales Inquiry : +44 808 238 1641 Email : contact@infor.com  Click here for map.   Infor World Headquarters 641 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10011Office Hours 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM   World wide locations All offices ›        Select your language EN English CN Chinese 中文 CZ Czechian DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français IT Italiano JP Japanese 日本語 KR Korean 한국어 NL Nederlands PL Polski PT Português RU Russian русский      Search   Search                Infor In The Cloud  About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions  Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management  Technology  Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  See product demos › Product index ›   Complete business platforms inthe cloud  Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   See product demos ›Industries index ›   Service Offerings  Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support Training  Education Certification Customer Resources  Customer Center Upgrade your software  Log in to SupportLog in to Infor Campus training    Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories    Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner   Company  About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us News, Events & Sponsorships  Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship Our Culture  Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Program Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›   Infor  Toggle navigation         Product Demo Center     Product Demo Center   Click below to explore Infor's end-to-end industry suites and complete platforms built for the cloud, as well as individual apps that power specific business areas. Discover how Infor software solutions deliver a completely modern experience, designed to change how users engage with technology to drive excellence. For a complete list of Infor products, see the A-Z product index.             Industry CloudSuites          Industry CloudSuites     1:38     A comprehensive suite of solutions for a more agile, resilient and synchronized supply chain.       CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Automotive ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Business ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Corporate ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Distribution ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Equipment Rental ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Facilities Management ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Fashion ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Food & Beverage ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite HCM ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Healthcare ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Hospitality ›   Overview Overview     CloudSuite Industrial ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Industrial Machinery ›   Overview Demo     CloudSuite Public Sector ›   Overview Overview               Product Lifecycle Management          Supply Chain Management          Customer Experience          Product Lifecycle Management     03:47     Data-driven insights for product development, management, design, and production       PLM for Fashion ›   Overview Demo     PLM for Process Manufacturing ›   Overview Demo     PLM for Discrete Manufacturing ›   Overview Overview           Supply Chain Management     2:02     Industry-specific solutions for planning and executing supply chain strategies       Sales and operations planning ›   Overview Demo     Supply chain planning ›   Overview Demo     Warehouse management ›   Overview Demo     Global supply chain network ›   Overview Overview           Customer Experience     2:02     Converged commerce suite to accelerate engagement and enrich the customer experience       Customer relationship management ›   Overview Demo     Configure price quote ›   Overview Demo     Contract lifecycle management ›   Overview Demo     Marketing resource management ›   Overview Overview     Interaction advisor ›   Overview Demo     Omni-channel campaign management ›   Overview Overview     eCommerce for B2B ›   Overview Demo     Converged Commerce for Retail ›   Overview Overview           Financials & Performance Management          Human Capital Management          Enterprise Asset Management          Financials & Performance Management     2:08     A suite of products designed to manage risk and offer a holistic view of business performance       Core financial management ›   Overview Demo     Procurement & supply management ›   Overview Overview     Performance management - budgeting, planning, forecasting, and consolidation ›   Overview Overview     Risk management & compliance monitoring ›   Overview Demo     Expense management ›   Overview Demo           Human Capital Management     4:16     Talent management systems to optimize workforce and human resource practices       Core HR management ›   Overview Demo     Talent management ›   Overview Demo     Talent portfolio optimization & hiring automation ›   Overview Demo     Workforce management ›   Overview Demo     Learning management ›   Overview Demo     HR service delivery ›   Overview Demo           Enterprise Asset Management     1:44     Asset management software available in preconfigured editions for distinct industry needs       Transit ›   Overview Demo     Facilities Management ›   Overview Demo     Discrete Manufacturing (Ind'l, A&D, HT, Auto) ›   Overview Demo     Healthcare ›   Overview Demo     Oil & Gas ›   Overview Demo               Infor Xi Architecture          Infor Xi Architecture     2:11     The technology platform that powers seamless, automatic, and intelligent business operations       Infor Xi platform ›   Overview Overview     Infor ION ›   Overview Demo     Infor Document Management ›   Overview Demo     Infor BI ›   Overview Demo                                             Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                   



INFOR (US), INC. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Computer Software Industry Report


Business Intelligence Software Industry Report


















INFOR (US), INC.Company Information

13560 Morris Rd Ste 4100Alpharetta, GA, 30004 United States(678) 319-8000 †
http://www.infor.com
INFOR (US), INC. Rankings

					#150 in Forbes Largest Private Companies (July 2016)

Top 3 Competitors

MICROSOFT CORPORATION
ORACLE CORPORATION
SAP SE



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

INFOR (US), INC. Company Profile

Infor Global Solutions outfits companies in a wide range of industries with a wide range of software applications. The company’s accounting, finance, and manufacturing software automates processes and connects disparate functions across an organization. Customers use Infor’s software (which is increasingly cloud-based) for managing inventories, tracking shipments, managing customer interactions, and more. Infor supplies such industries as automotive, chemicals, consumer packaged goods, food processing, retail, and pharmaceuticals. Clients have included Bristol-Myers Squibb, Cargill, Grohe, Heinz, Whole Foods Market, and TRW. Infor is controlled by a group of investors led by Golden Gate Capital,  Summit Partners, and Koch Industries.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional INFOR (US), INC. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Alpharetta, GA, United States
Computer Software
Business Intelligence Software







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Dorman Products - Home Page












































































Search Products


Search Products







Year/Make/Model
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1925
1915





























































New Product Feed
OFF




Recent Activities


New Product Idea


New Product Alerts










Dorman University























Stainless Steel Brake Lines
Includes all lines and fittings for a complete repair
Over 120 SKUs Covering Popular Dodge, Ford, GM and Jeep Trucks
View Details
View Coverage









Drive Shafts
Providing you with a complete Drive Shaft solution
Offering 1,100+ SKUs Covering Over 160 Million Vehicles
View Details
View Coverage















Stainless Steel Fuel Lines
Preformed to fit a specific application for easy installation
Coverage for Popular GM Vehicles
View Details
View Coverage









New Top Parts
The latest release of Dorman’s hottest new exclusive parts
337 New Parts Featuring 114 Formerly "Dealer Only" Parts

View New Products





















LEADING THE AFTERMARKET ONE INNOVATION AT A TIME







New Packing Slip Access!
You can now view and print Packing Slips.




STEP 1

Click Order History


STEP 2

Enter Search Criteria & Click Search


STEP 3

Click Packing Slip Number











2017 Service Dealer Guide, Volume 1
Our New Service Dealer features over 130 Formerly "Dealer Only" Parts.
Featuring our latest OE FIX parts.  Dorman engineered solutions designed to correct known OE failures.
View Guide







Additional Sites


























FREE ONLINE PRODUCT TRAINING
New Training for the Automotive Aftermarket
Enroll Today!


Featured Training Course: Fluid Reservoirs











New Product Ideas
Have a new product idea? Submit all your new product ideas to our development team.
Submit Idea









Live Chat
Have an issue or question? Our certified technicians are available to help with your needs.
Start Chat









Where to Buy
Dorman Products are available for purchase at multiple locations throughout North America.
Find Location








The Leader in Formerly "Dealer Only" Parts

























                        ©
                        
                        Dorman Products. All rights reserved.
                    



                        Follow Us:
        				







TOP













×
New Product Idea Form


We’d love to hear from you!  Let us know your Product idea for a new or existing Dorman Product category.  You can also tell us about a recent purchase you made from the OE Dealership


Idea Details:












Let us know who you are*
Repair Shop / Service Technician
Warehouse Distributor
Parts Store / Jobber / Counterperson
DIYer / Enthusiast







Vehicle Information:









Yes! I agree to the New Product Terms & Conditions.*
                                    






Yes! I want to enter the New Product Idea Contest.
                                    









*Required











×

Recent Activities
















As Seen On TV Infomercials - Commercials - TV Products














































AS SEEN ON TV PRODUCTS -
INFOMERCIALS - COMMERCIALS - TV ADS













home |
sitemap  





















New
As
Seen On TV
Products
& Special Offers!









Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required

Email Address *




First Name 



Last Name 















 


 





AS SEEN ON

TV
PRODUCTS
SHOP
BY 

CATEGORY



As
Seen On Pitchmen



Beauty




Beachbody




Canada



Fitness



Garden & Tools



Health



Household




Hypnosis



Kitchen



Pet Products




Sports / Sporting Goods



Toys
and Crafts




Weight Loss


 





AS SEEN ON

TV
PRODUCTS
SHOP
BY 
INFOMERCIAL
CELEBRITY


 








 


 




Cathy Mitchell


 



 


















add page to

del.icio.us






Related As Seen On TV Websites

As Seen
On TV

Infomercials TV
As Seen
On TV Items

As Seen On TV Marketplace
As Seen
On TV Sale
As Seen On TV Sites

Nutrisystem Diet Programs 


 
















 
 


contact


















Site Map










Popular
TV Products









New As Seen
On TV Products









Special Deals




 























SEARCH FOR AN
INFOMERCIAL PRODUCT


Match ALL
Match ANY






Want to find that As Seen On TV Product fast? 





 








Top
10 Popular & Hot 
As Seen On TV Products - 
Infomercials



1


Flex 
								Seal



2

Home 
								Chef



3

Total 
								Gym



4


								Wonder Wallet



5


Tactical 
								Flashlight



6



								Hurricane Spin Scrubber



7


								Diamond CZ4 Ring



8


								Beddo Mattress



9


Nuwave 
								PIC2 Induction



10


								Nutrisystem Diet








				Nutrisystem








				WP Engine Wordpress Hosting 


AsOnTVInfomercials


Did you watch a commercial or 
				infomercial and thought the product would be helpful? Chance are 
				we did too and added it to our store.













 








As On TV Infomercials - Saw It On TV? Buy It Online!

					

					As Seen On TV Products

This is an online As Seen On TV Store that 
					offers product advertised 
					on  television infomercials and commercial ads. If you are 
					looking to buy a tv product chances are you 
					will find it here. We specialize in offering the most 
					popular and new As Seen On TV Products. 


























											 







As Seen On TV Kitchen Products












												 





										Nuwave 
											Precision Induction Cooktop 
											is portable and can cook food up to 
											50% faster than conventional gas or 
											electric stovetops.



 








Miracle 
					Blade WC4 


					Miracle Blade World Class 4 is  a 13-piece knife set that includes 
					everything you need to make your time in the kitchen more 
					efficient. Chop vegetables for stir fry, filet fish for 
					dinner, slice cheese and fruit for party platters... and 
					more!







											 






Infomercial 
											Fitness Products











												 


Max 
					Trainer by Bowflex
					Introducing the Bowflex Max Trainer. It is tough on calories 
					but easy on joints. Get a quick 14 minute workout using the 
					unique Max interval exercise machine.



 









												 


The 
					Flex Belt 

												Abdominal Toning Belt is 
					truly an awesome advance in technology. This device is by 
					far the most effective of its kind. It makes it so that 
					anyone can exercise their abs anywhere and anytime.



 







											 





Garden, Outdoor & 
											Tool Products









Hydro 
											Mousse let's you go from 
											seed to sod much like professional 
											landscapers! Eco-friendly Spray N 
											Stay technology allows for grass 
											seeds to land where you spray.










											 
Flex 
											Seal 
											Flex seal liquid 
											rubber spray seals out water and 
											lasts for many years. Stop leaks 
											fast the easy way with flex seal. It 
											has been advertised on television.



 








											 


											The 
											Invinceable Cleaner is a 
											very powerful multi all in one stain 
											remover. The cleaner blasts stains 
											away.



 










					ShamWow
					The shamwow cloths hold over 20 
					times it's weight in liquid. Sham wow cloths as seen on tv 
					are washable and bleachable and last for years.







											 






As Seen On TV 
											Weight Loss Products












												 



											The 
											21 Day Fix by Beachbody is a 
											simple to follow weight loss system. 
											The 21 Day Fix is both a program 
											that provides simple eating with 30 
											minute fitness programs.



 







												 

Focus 
					T25 is your opportunity to get in shape with Shaun 
					T. You will certainly learn how to  incorporate each 
					day your exercise routine. 
						
											
					


      
                



 









												 

Insanity 
					60 Day Workout
					Each Shaun T Insanity Workout keeps you constantly 
					challenged as you alternate between aerobic and anaerobic 
					intervals performed at your MAX.
					




 








											 
Nutrisystem 
											gives you a great way to jump start 
											your weight loss for 2015. Now with Nutrisystem Advanced Programs, you 
											get more crave-busting power to 
											tackle that hunger. You can eat 
											great, feel full, AND lose weight.



 









											 


The 
					Chalene Extreme program with fitness trainer Chalene 
					Johnson from Beachbody will help you to burn up to 60% of 
					your body fat!
					




 







											 






As Seen On TV 
											Health Products










35 Below 
										Socks
										Keep your feet warm with 35 Below Socks 
										super soft thermal socks. Great socks 
										for men and women with aluminized fibers 
										that keep feet warm.










												 

Beactive 
					Leg Brace is the point 
					specific brace that puts pressure on the excat spot on your 
					leg that should help relieve you of sciatic back pain 
					relief.
						
											
					


      
                



 







											 






As Seen On TV Household Products











											Tactical Military Grade High 
											Performance TC1200 Flashlight
											New released to the public TC1200 
											Tactical Flashlight. This TC1200 is 
											military grade and used by many 
											professionals.
 

 








Beddo Air 
										Mattress Bed
										The Beddo 10 inch thick premium 
										efficiency foam is really responsive to 
										bodyweight distribution. Beddo the best 
										air mattress on the market. 














										Hurricane Spin Scrubber
										With the Hurricane Spin Scrubber 
										cleaning the bathroom has never been 
										easier. The hassle free way to clean 
										with this powerful motion activated 
										scrub brush.
 







Schticky
					The Schticky is a reusable 
					lint roller promoted by Vince Offer on television. 
					Schticky works on most fabrics from velvet to wool.







Wonder Wallet 
					is the amazingly flat wallet that can hold twice as much as 
					a regular wallet. The wallet has a slim and also versatile 
					design that easily fits nicely in pockets, bags, tiny bags 
					or clutches. 












											 






Hypnosis Products











											 

Stop 
											Smoking Hypnosis Program 
											
											You CAN quit for good, with one 
											of the best quitting resource on the 
											market today: The Non-Smoker's Edge, 
											by top smoking cessation 
											psychologist Dr. Randy Gilchrist.



 









											 

Weight 
											Loss Hypnosis Program
											Get Long Term Results in 20 Minutes 
											a Day with The Hypnosis Program: 
											Enjoying Weight Loss". In this 4-CD 
											program you will go through seven 
											short hypnosis sessions that last 
											around 20 minutes each. 



 







											 






Infomercials Beauty Products









												 


Wen 
						Hair Care Products 


											With Wen hair care products 
					you can pamper your hair with celebrities favorite products. What sets 
					WEN apart from the rest is its cleansing conditioner.



 








		 						 
Tag Away 
								is the skin tag remover that has been advertised 
								on television. Save visits going to a 
								dermatologist and remove this ugly skin tags 
								right in your own home.

 







Meaningful 
					Beauty
					Meaningful Beauty is Cindy 
					Crawford's powerful anti-aging secret. Valerie Bertinelli 
					has Co-hosted, with Cindy Crawford, in an infomercial for 
					Meaningful Beauty anti-aging skin care system.




 






Infomercial 
											Toys, Crafts & Novelties










Balloon Bonanza

					Balloon Bonanza allows you load as many as 40 balloons all 
					at once in merely seconds. The all new and fun way to fill 
					balloons with water and tie them too!


























											 







As Seen On TV 
											Pet Products









					AS SEEN ON TV CURRENT PRODUCT LIST
					
					This is a great selection of 
					some of the top infomercial products advertised on 
					television. Why shop anywhere else? 

					We offer many of the best as seen on tv type products!


The Best As Seen On TV Products Online 
					Now!



                  	 




21 Day Fix
21 Day Fix Extreme 

35 
					Below Socks
Ahh Bra
Beactive Brace
Bowflex Max Trainer
Chalean Extreme
Copper Fit
Copper Fit Back Pro
Diamond Z4 CZ Ring
Flex Belt
Flex Seal
Flex Shot
Focus T25




Grayban
Home Chef Meal Kits Delivery Service
Hydro Mousse

Hypnosis Stop Smoking

Hypnosis Weight Loss
Invinceable
Magic Mesh


Mattress Wedge
Meaningful Beauty


Miracle Blade WC

Nutrisystem
Nuwave Induction 
					Cooktop


					Nuwave Oven









Riddex 
							Power Plus

Schticky

Shapely Secrets
Shamwow

Shawn T Insanity

Slap Chop
Slim Away


Slim In 6


Sobakawa 
							Pillow

							Tactical Flashlight
Tag Away
Total Gyms


							Wen
Wonder Wallet
XT
							
Easy View
Yes! by Finishing 
							







Š Copyright 2006-2017
                    As On TV Infomercials
                    All Rights Reserved
Our store on the internet offers many of the best and most popular 
As Seen on TV 
Products. You can shop with confidence. AsOnTVInfomercials offers only the best 
& most popular infomercial products. Find low prices, special savings and fast 
shipping on products you have seen advertised on television.


As Seen On TV Sale









partners
            | contact 
            | 
sitemap 
            |support 
            |disclaimer
















				 




				 














                 All Products                                                 null    Customer Center Chat  1 800 260 2640 +44 808 238 1641 EN        EN  EN- English (Corporate)CN- 中文 (Chinese)CZ- CzechianDE- DeutschES- EspañolFR- FrançaisIT- ItalianoJP- 日本語 (Japanese)KR- 한국어 (Korean)NL- NederlandsPL- PolskiPT- PortuguêsRU- русский (Russian)                            Products     Infor In The Cloud About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management   Technology Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  Quick Links See product demos Product index           Industries     Complete business platforms in the cloud Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage  Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   Industries index See product demos         Services     Service Offerings Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support  Training Education Certification  Customer Resources Customer Center Upgrade your software  Quick Links Log in to Support Log in to Infor Campus Training          Customers     Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories         Partners     Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner         About     Company About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us   News, Events & Sponsorships Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship  Our Culture Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›               Product Index  Infor builds industry-specific applications and end-to-end software suites that are engineered for speed and designed to offer an intuitive, transparent, and elegant user experience. Explore our full list of offerings, or click under Solutions to view products that are relevant to that particular solution area.        Home > Products > All Products            Solutions All Aerospace & Defense Automotive Chemicals Cloud Configure Price Quote Construction Customer Experience Suite Dynamic Enterprise Performance Management Distribution Enterprise Asset Management Enterprise Financial Management Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service Enterprise Resource Planning Fashion Financial Services & Insurance Food & Beverage Healthcare High Tech & Electronics Hospitality Human Capital Management Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing Product Lifecycle Management Property Management Public Sector Retail Supply Chain Management Technology / Architecture       Infor Products A-Z    #ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ #   2D Design Automation  3D Design Automation      A   Accounting | Hospitality  Advanced Modules  AMSI construction and property management  Anael FMS  Anael HCM  Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI)  Automotive Exchange      C   CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense  CloudSuite Automotive  CloudSuite Business  CloudSuite Corporate  CloudSuite Distribution  CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise  CloudSuite Equipment Rental  CloudSuite Facilities Management  CloudSuite Fashion  CloudSuite Financials  CloudSuite Food & Beverage  CloudSuite HCM  CloudSuite Healthcare  CloudSuite Hospitality  CloudSuite Industrial  CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine)  CloudSuite Industrial Machinery  CloudSuite Public Sector  CloudSuite Supply Management  Cloverleaf Hosted HIE  Cloverleaf Integration Suite  Configure Price Quote  Construction  Contract Lifecycle Management  Converged Commerce  Customer Relationship Management (CRM)      D   d/EPM  Distribution A+  Distribution FACTS  Distribution SX.e  Document Automation  Document Management      E   E Series FMS  EAM Energy Performance Management  EAM Enterprise  EnRoute  EPAK  Evolution ERP  Expense Management  EzRMS      F   F9  Factory Track  Fourth Shift      G   Gaming | Hospitality  Global Financial Controller  Global Human Resources  GT Nexus      H   Hospitality Management Solution (HMS)  HR Service Delivery      I   Infinium HCM  Infor Coleman  Infor Local.ly  Infor Ming.le™  Interaction Advisor  ION      L   Lawson Analytics  Lawson Supply Chain Management for Healthcare  Lawson Technology  Learning Management  LN  LX      M   M Series FMS  M3  Marketing Resource Management  Master Data Management  Masterpiece FMS  Mongoose  MP2      O   Omni-channel Campaign Management  Optiva  OS      P   Pathway  Pegasus accounting software  PLM Accelerate  PLM Discrete  PLM Fashion  Product Configurator  Professional Services Automation  Property Management  Public Sector Asset Management Tools  Public Sector CDR  Public Sector CIS Billing  Public Sector CRM  Public Sector Transit & Rail Asset Management      Q   Query & Analysis      R   Restaurant Systems  Retail Demand Management  Rhythm  Rhythm for Civics  Rhythm for Commerce  Risk and Compliance      S   Sales & Operations Planning  Sales and Marketing | Hospitality  Sales Intelligence for CRM  Sales Portal  Service Management  SmartStream HCM  Storefront  SunSystems  Supply Chain Execution  Supply Chain Execution for Logistics Service Providers  Supply Chain Planning  System21  SyteLine - CloudSuite Industrial      T   Talent Management  Talent Science      U   UpgradeX      V   VISUAL  VISUAL Jobshop      W   Workforce Management      X   XA         CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) Configure Price Quote d/EPM EAM Enterprise LN Supply Chain Planning       Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) Automotive Exchange CloudSuite Automotive CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) Customer Relationship Management (CRM) d/EPM EAM Enterprise GT Nexus Infor Ming.le™ LN Supply Chain Planning       CloudSuite Industrial EAM Enterprise GT Nexus M3 Optiva Sales & Operations Planning       CloudSuite Aerospace & Defense CloudSuite Automotive CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate CloudSuite Distribution CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise CloudSuite Equipment Rental CloudSuite Facilities Management CloudSuite Fashion CloudSuite Food & Beverage CloudSuite HCM CloudSuite Healthcare CloudSuite Hospitality CloudSuite Industrial CloudSuite Industrial Machinery CloudSuite Public Sector UpgradeX       Configure Price Quote 2D Design Automation 3D Design Automation Document Automation Product Configurator Sales Portal       EAM Enterprise Construction       Contract Lifecycle Management Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Interaction Advisor Marketing Resource Management Omni-channel Campaign Management Rhythm Sales Intelligence for CRM       Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) Risk and Compliance d/EPM Lawson Analytics       CloudSuite Distribution Enterprise Configure Price Quote Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Distribution A+ Distribution FACTS Distribution SX.e M3 Storefront       EAM Enterprise EAM Energy Performance Management MP2       CloudSuite Financials Expense Management Global Financial Controller Risk and Compliance SunSystems       d/EPM M3 Service Management       CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) LN LX M3 System21 VISUAL VISUAL Jobshop XA       CloudSuite Fashion Configure Price Quote GT Nexus PLM Fashion Supply Chain Execution       CloudSuite Financials d/EPM Expense Management Global Human Resources GT Nexus Master Data Management Talent Science       CloudSuite Food & Beverage CloudSuite Industrial EAM Enterprise GT Nexus M3 Optiva Supply Chain Planning       CloudSuite Financials CloudSuite Healthcare CloudSuite Supply Management Cloverleaf Hosted HIE Cloverleaf Integration Suite Global Human Resources Lawson Supply Chain Management for Healthcare Talent Management Workforce Management       CloudSuite Industrial Customer Relationship Management (CRM) d/EPM EAM Enterprise GT Nexus LN Supply Chain Planning       Accounting | Hospitality EzRMS Gaming | Hospitality Global Human Resources Hospitality Management Solution (HMS) Restaurant Systems Sales and Marketing | Hospitality Talent Management Workforce Management       Anael HCM CloudSuite HCM Global Human Resources HR Service Delivery Learning Management Talent Management Talent Science Workforce Management       CloudSuite Industrial CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) CloudSuite Industrial Machinery Configure Price Quote EAM Enterprise LN Supply Chain Planning       CloudSuite Industrial CloudSuite Industrial (SyteLine) Configure Price Quote Customer Relationship Management (CRM) d/EPM EAM Enterprise EPAK Factory Track GT Nexus LN Supply Chain Planning       Optiva PLM Accelerate PLM Discrete PLM Fashion       CloudSuite Facilities Management Hospitality Management Solution (HMS) Property Management       Advanced Modules Risk and Compliance Analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) CloudSuite Corporate CloudSuite Public Sector Cloverleaf Integration Suite Construction d/EPM EnRoute Global Human Resources HR Service Delivery Learning Management Pathway Property Management Public Sector Asset Management Tools Public Sector CDR Public Sector CIS Billing Public Sector CRM Public Sector Transit & Rail Asset Management Talent Management Talent Science Workforce Management       Risk and Compliance Converged Commerce EAM Enterprise GT Nexus Retail Demand Management Supply Chain Execution Talent Science Workforce Management       CloudSuite Supply Management Factory Track GT Nexus Lawson Supply Chain Management for Healthcare Sales & Operations Planning Supply Chain Execution Supply Chain Execution for Logistics Service Providers Supply Chain Planning       Document Management Infor Coleman Infor Local.ly Infor Ming.le™ ION Lawson Technology Master Data Management Mongoose Query & Analysis Rhythm Rhythm for Civics Rhythm for Commerce UpgradeX           Quick links: About Infor Services Support Investors Partners Careers Contact usSpecialized by industry.Engineered for speed.  Privacy Legal Site map© Copyright 2017. Infor. All rights reserved.                                    Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                   




                    Careers at Infor | Search & Apply for Jobs at Infor                                          Skip to main content                Contact us – find telephone numbers and addresses  Toll free phone numbers  Sales: +1 800 260 2640 Support: +1 877 772 4111 Toll-free: +1 866 244 5479   Sales Inquiry : +44 808 238 1641 Email : contact@infor.com  Click here for map.   Infor World Headquarters 641 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10011Office Hours 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM   World wide locations All offices ›        Select your language EN English CN Chinese 中文 CZ Czechian DE Deutsch ES Español FR Français IT Italiano JP Japanese 日本語 KR Korean 한국어 NL Nederlands PL Polski PT Português RU Russian русский      Search   Search                Infor In The Cloud  About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions  Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management  Technology  Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  See product demos › Product index ›   Complete business platforms inthe cloud  Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   See product demos ›Industries index ›   Service Offerings  Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support Training  Education Certification Customer Resources  Customer Center Upgrade your software  Log in to SupportLog in to Infor Campus training    Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories    Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner   Company  About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us News, Events & Sponsorships  Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship Our Culture  Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Program Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›  Infor  Toggle navigation      Infor Career Opportunities      Infor Career Opportunities   Jobs by region Post-military careers Equal employment          Create your future at the forefront of business technology      Post-military careers at Infor View current job opportunities and learn how Infor fosters career development for veterans Read more      Are you designed for progress? Infor Services is hiring top talent for the enterprise solutions that are revolutionizing industries Learn more ›       Home About Careers      Infor career opportunities  Infor is the third largest provider of enterprise applications and services, helping 90,000 customers in 170 countries improve operations, drive growth, achieve speed as competitive differentiator, and quickly adapt to changes in business demands. More importantly, we have increasing momentum, earning the business of more than 2,000 new customers in the past year, with double-digit sales growth over the last three quarters.  We're a company unparalleled in application breadth, market experience, open technology, and global reach. The best part is, we're achieving our goals while holding fast to the principles on which we were founded: customer service, teamwork, value, integrity, and a commitment to offer our customers industry-specific solutions at a total cost of ownership that is lower than what any of our competitors offer. Infor is a dynamic, team-driven place to work, where solving business problems for customers is our top priority. Here is a brief profile of what you can expect from us:       We offer a challenging, performance-driven environment where results are recognized and rewarded.       We offer world-class solutions and professional services.       We help our customers solve their most critical business challenges.       We are profitable and growing rapidly around the world.       We offer a competitive compensation package, a business casual environment, and exceptional employee benefits, and time-off programs.      We are committed to actively seeking the best and brightest talent, including military veterans who are transitioning back into civilian life.  View current job opportunities by region  Want to learn more? For information on available positions or to be considered for a career opportunity at Infor, please add your profile to the application linked below. We look forward to hearing from you.    APAC Philippines India   Germany EMEA (excluding Germany)   United States Canada Latin America      Infor Services wants you Infor Services is a global team of more than 5,300 skilled experts trained to deliver quick, efficient implementations. Join the Infor Services team and let your knowledge power the next generation of business technology.Learn about careers with Infor Services ›    Post-military careers at Infor  Infor is a proud employer of US military veterans. We recognize that our veterans’ discipline, integrity, and commitment to excellence are assets that will add significant value to our company. We actively seek the best and brightest military talent, working with veterans who are transitioning back into civilian life to identify openings that will be a good fit for their specialized skills and knowledge. We also offer flexible scheduling so that our employees who are veterans can continue as active Reservists.  If you are a veteran who is ready to sign up for your next big accomplishment, Infor has a proven path of advancement that respects your commitment and leverages your past experiences into a fulfilling future.Learn about post-military careers with Infor        Infor Retail wants you Infor Retail is revolutionizing an industry with a new generation of enterprise software, through beautiful design, engaging experiences, and the power of science—and we want you to join us.View current openings ›    Equal opportunity employer  Infor does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, protected veterans, military service obligation, citizenship status, individuals with disabilities, or any other characteristic protected by law applicable to the state in which you work. In compliance with the ADA/AODA, should you have a disability and would like to request an accommodation in order to apply for a currently open position with Infor, please call (678) 319-8000 or email us at ADAAA@infor.com.  Applicants to and employees of most United States private employers, state and local governments, educational institutions, employment agencies and labor organizations are protected under Federal law from discrimination. For additional information please see EEO is the Law poster, the EEO Supplemental as well as the Statement of Policy. Politique d'égalité d'accès à l'emploi : les candidatures des personnes ayant les qualifications requises seront étudiées sans considération de race, de couleur de peau, d'état matrimonial, de sexe, d'identité ou expression sexuelle, d'orientation sexuelle, d'origine nationale ou ethnique, d'information génétique, d'invalidité, d'âge, d'obligations en matière de service militaire, de statut militaire ou d'ancien combattant, d'handicap physique et mental ou de toute autre caractéristique protégée par la loi en vigueur dans l'état ou le pays où elles exercent.     Pay transparency policy – posting notice  Infor is a government contractor that complies with Executive Orders 11246, 13672,13665, as well as Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended (VEVRAA). As such, the term "contractor" will apply to Infor as stated below in this policy.  The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with our organization’s legal duty to furnish information.                                           Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                                      Infor Leadership                                           null    Customer Center Chat  1 800 260 2640 +44 808 238 1641 EN        EN  EN- English (Corporate)CN- 中文 (Chinese)CZ- CzechianDE- DeutschES- EspañolFR- FrançaisIT- ItalianoJP- 日本語 (Japanese)KR- 한국어 (Korean)NL- NederlandsPL- PolskiPT- PortuguêsRU- русский (Russian)                            Products     Infor In The Cloud About Infor CloudSuite CloudSuite Index Partnership with AWS CloudSuite Business CloudSuite Corporate Solutions Customer Experience Suite  Enterprise Asset Management  Enterprise Financial Management  Enterprise Performance Management  Enterprise Resource Planning  Human Capital Management  Product Lifecycle Management  Supply Chain Management   Technology Infor Coleman Infor OS Birst Infor Local.ly™  Quick Links See product demos Product index           Industries     Complete business platforms in the cloud Aerospace & Defense  Automotive  Chemicals  Distribution  Equipment Dealers, Rental & Service  Fashion  Financial Services  Food & Beverage  Healthcare  High Tech & Electronics  Hospitality  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Industrial Manufacturing  Public Sector  Retail   Industries index See product demos         Services     Service Offerings Infor Services  Advisory Services Deployment Services Managed Services Value Engineering About Support  Training Education Certification  Customer Resources Customer Center Upgrade your software  Quick Links Log in to Support Log in to Infor Campus Training          Customers     Customer Center Upgrade your software View customer success stories         Partners     Become an Infor Partner Refer a Prospect Specialize in a Micro-vertical  Partner Portal Login Find an Infor Partner         About     Company About Infor Careers Dynamic Science Lab Hook & Loop Investors Leadership Blogs & Social Media Locations Contact us   News, Events & Sponsorships Infor news Events Inforum 2017 Scuderia Ferrari sponsorship Crusaders sponsorship Triumph Motorcycle sponsorship Brooklyn Nets sponsorship  Our Culture Corporate Citizenship Education Alliance Women at Infor  Networked intelligence view points ›              Infor Leadership        Home > About > Infor Leadership     Executive Team        Executive Team                                                             Charles PhillipsChief Executive Officer  Prior to Infor, Phillips was President of Oracle Corporation and a member of its Board of Directors. During his seven and a half year-tenure, the company tripled in size and successfully acquired 70 companies.  Prior to Oracle, Phillips was a Managing Director in the Technology Group at Morgan Stanley, where he was an Institutional Investor All Star for ten consecutive years. Before his 18-year career on Wall Street, Phillips was a Captain in the U.S. Marine Corps in the 2nd Battalion, 10th Marines artillery unit. In 2012, Phillips was the guest speaker at the Marine Corps' 237th birthday ball for his old unit, after their return from Afghanistan.  Phillips holds a BS in computer science from the U.S. Air Force Academy, a JD from New York Law School, and an MBA from Hampton University; he is also a member of the Georgia State Bar. Phillips also served on the Obama Administration's Economic Recovery Board, led by Paul Volcker. Twitter @cpinfor   Duncan AngovePresident  Duncan Angove is President of Infor.  He is responsible for engineering, support, and Infor's cloud business. Prior to Infor, Angove was General Manager of the Retail Global Business unit at Oracle Corporation, where he ran development, consulting, and sales and marketing and led Oracle to the number one market position in retail applications. Preceding his accomplishments at Oracle, Angove was a member of Retek's executive management team, where he took the company public.   Stephan SchollPresident  Infor President Stephan Scholl is responsible for worldwide sales, consulting, support, cloud operations, alliances, and channels. Scholl's leadership and passion in helping customers modernize and transform their business has allowed Infor to emerge as the third largest enterprise software company in the world.Prior to joining Infor in December, 2010, Scholl established Oracle Corporation's Tax and Utilities Global Business unit as the market leader with responsibility for sales, consulting, development and marketing.  From 2006 to 2009, Scholl ran Oracle's North America Consulting Group, one of the company's largest organizations.  Prior to Oracle, Scholl held a number of consulting and sales management roles at PeopleSoft.  Scholl received a Bachelor's Degree in Education from McGill University in Montréal, Québec.    Pam MurphyChief Operating Officer  Pam Murphy has been the Chief Operating Officer at Infor since October 2011. Prior to assuming that role, she served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Operations. She has been with Infor since December 2010. Prior to Infor, she spent 11 years at Oracle Corporation, where she was responsible for a wide range of operational and financial functions which included running Global Sales Operations, running Consulting Operations for Europe, Middle East and Africa, and running Field Finance function for Oracle's Global Business Units.Prior to Oracle, Pam was with Andersen Consulting and Arthur Andersen where she provided strategy, direction and counsel to existing and potential Clients.  Having held a variety of roles in Europe and America, her background includes extensive experience in field sales and consulting/professional services operations as well as deep operational experience in running global organizations.  Pam earned her business and accounting degree from the University of Cork, Ireland and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants.     Kevin SamuelsonChief Financial Officer  Kevin Samuelson is Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Infor. He brings more than 20 years of experience in technology, finance, operations and M&A to the team. Kevin joined Infor at its inception in 2002, helping to grow the company from $30M to nearly $3B in annual revenue over 10 years. Kevin left Infor in 2013 and spent three years working at two prominent SaaS software companies before rejoining Infor in 2016. Prior to joining Infor in 2002, Kevin worked in Equity Research for Robertson Stephens and Bank of America.  Kevin has an A.B from the University of California at Berkeley.     Soma SomasundaramGlobal Product Development  As the EVP, Global Product Development, Soma Somasundaram defines Infor's technology strategy and manages the design and rollout of the company's full suite of business applications. He also makes sure that Infor's unique technology platform creates the seamless connections between all applications that give customers unmatched flexibility.Somasundaram has 30 years of experience in enterprise resource planning, supply chain, and financial applications. He also brings global business experience to Infor, having worked in many countries around the globe, including India, Germany, Australia, the UK, and the US. Soma has been with Infor from the start and has continually applied his comprehensive understanding of the IT industry to play an integral role in the growth and development of Infor.    Mary TrickChief Customer Officer  Mary Trick joined Infor in 2005, bringing with her nearly 30 years of experience in executive positions within sales, services, and operations for software and consulting companies. Prior to joining Infor, she served as vice president of global client services at Harris Corporation.Mary has successfully brought strong and effective leadership to a variety of roles at Infor, including the management of a business unit, numerous strategic projects, and most recently building a results-oriented, world-class license management team. Mary ensures Infor's consistent, disciplined approach to the annual maintenance and license business, which constitute the company's most important and consistent sources of revenue-they're critical factors in keeping Infor healthy and strong enough to deliver world class customer support and to  delight every one of our 70,000 customers.   Darren SaumurGlobal Services  Darren Saumur is Senior Vice President of Infor Consulting Services, leading the global consulting and Value Engineering organizations. Saumur brings more than 23 years of sales, management, and consulting experience to Infor, most recently from SAP, where he served as global head of Financial Services -  Consulting. He also held various leadership positions at SAP and Ernst & Young. Saumur is instrumental in growing Infor's key ICS business unit.     Marylon McGinnisGlobal Support  As Senior Vice President of Infor's Global Support organization, Marylon McGinnis is responsible for the people, processes, and tools Infor provides to help customers get the best service and the greatest value from their software investment.Known in the IT industry as a builder of top-quality development and support organizations both domestic and offshore, McGinnis joined Infor in 2004 as Vice President of Development. She took over the Global Support organization in 2007, with a goal of continuing the momentum of a top-flight worldwide team. "One of the things that makes Infor different is the experienced people we have in our support organization—some with as many as three decades of experience in our solutions," she says. "Their deep understanding of our products, along with what it takes for customers to be successful with them is unique in the industry, and I'm proud to be a part of it." Before joining Infor, McGinnis worked with MSA and stayed with the company through its acquisition by Dun & Bradstreet Software, managing development and global support organizations in multiple locations in the US and Europe, as well as working with consolidation and reengineering activities when Dun & Bradstreet Software was acquired by GEAC.   Marc ScibelliChief Creative Officer  As Chief Creative Officer of Infor Marc Scibelli leads Infor's creative think-tank, Hook & Loop. Scibelli has helped pioneer the consumerization of business software by partnering a creative agency with business software experts. Based in Manhattan, Hook & Loop has creative staff from all walks of the design spectrum, but all with a pedigree outside of enterprise software. Under Scibelli's leadership, the Hook & Loop team has grown from 15 members in the beginning of 2013 to approximately 80 today, and Infor recently leased more space at its headquarters to accommodate this growth.  Hook & Loop works closely with Infor developers and product managers to drive user experience past the foundational needs of technology to focus on creating pleasurable and meaningful experiences for users. Hook & Loop has had an immediate impact on Infor products and plays an instrumental role in the development of Infor's SoHo user experience and Infor Ming.le™ collaboration platform. Scibelli shares a Pulitzer Prize for information graphics and is a 17-year veteran of creative agencies. He has degrees in visual communications and advertising art & design.   Ziad Nejmeldeen, PhDChief Scientist  Senior Vice President and Chief Scientist Ziad Nejmeldeen heads Infor Dynamic Science Labs.  A software veteran with a PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, he is responsible for leading Infor's team of scientists, mathematicians, engineers, and economists based in Cambridge, MA, who are using the power of predictive analytics to simplify the way organizations make decisions.  Prior to joining Infor in 2014, Nejmeldeen has served as science vice president at Quantum Retail, practice manager for the Oracle Retail Optimization Team, and Scientist at ProfitLogic. He has built a strong reputation for skillfully articulating complex problems and mathematical solutions, conveying insight and understanding to audiences outside the scientific community as well as within it.   Kurt CavanoPresident, GT Nexus, an Infor Company  Kurt Cavano is the President at GT Nexus, an Infor Company. He is responsible for driving GT Nexus's strategic direction, for disseminating the company's track record of innovation and market success, and for guiding key customer, industry and partner relationships. He has more than 25 years of experience helping corporations improve their business performance through the intelligent application of technology. Cavano is founder of TradeCard, Inc., which merged with GT Nexus in 2013. Prior to founding TradeCard in 1999, he was a Vice President at American Management Systems, an international business and information technology consulting firm. He managed the Corporate Banking Practice of the AMS Finance Industry Group. Featured as one of World Trade Magazine's 50 most influential people, Cavano is a frequent speaker and writer on topics concerning international trade and global supply chain management.  He holds a BS in Bioscience from Penn State University and an MBA from New York University.   Jeff AbbottGlobal Alliances and Channels  Jeff Abbott is Senior Vice President, Global Alliances and Channels, at Infor. In this role, he is responsible for the Infor Partner Network and is the general manager of Infor's global mid-market business. He brings over 20 years of experience in sales, business development, inside sales, channels/alliances, and marketing in the enterprise software business. Prior to joining the Infor, Abbott led the Global Midmarket Applications Business Unit at Oracle Corporation. He has held positions at Accenture, General Motors and Georgia-Pacific.  Abbott holds a B.S. in Logistics from the University of Tennessee and an M.B.A from Georgia State University.   Chip CoyleChief Marketing Officer  Infor Chief Marketing Officer Chip Coyle is responsible for Infor's global marketing including branding, online services, corporate communications, and customer programs and events. Prior to joining the Infor team in January 2011, Coyle led Americas Marketing at Oracle Corporation where he was responsible for driving demand generation programs that delivered over 50 percent of Oracle's worldwide license sales.  From 1993 to 2000, he led marketing communications efforts for the Oracle Service Industries business unit.   Before his 18 year tenure at Oracle, Coyle was an account executive for KSK Communications, a marketing agency serving the technology industry. Coyle holds a B.S. degree from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville.   Shahriar RafimayeriBusiness Innovation  Shahriar Rafimayeri is the Senior Vice President of Business Innovation at Infor. He has global responsibility for Infor's information technology and is tasked with establishing and executing a strategic roadmap for internal Infor processes with the aim of reengineering and automation while leveraging Infor's best-in-class products and services.  He brings more than 27 years of experience to the team. Prior to joining Infor, Rafimayeri held several leadership positions in the technology and financial sectors at Morgan Stanley, Blackstone, Credit Suisse, UBS, and Bankers Trust. His areas of expertise include large-scale technical architectures and roadmaps; customer relationship management; customer profitability and performance management; cross-product-selling collaboration and integration; mobile computing; HR systems, corporate services applications; spend management; contract management and more.  He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics from Hofstra University.   Anne BenedictHuman Resources  As Senior Vice President of Human Resources, Anne runs Infor’s global human resources. Anne came to Infor from IPG Mediabrands, the media assets division of Interpublic Group, one of the big four global media agency conglomerates. At IPG Mediabrands, Anne was responsible for the HR needs of the company’s more than 8,500 employees in over 130 countries, including talent management, training, leadership/management development, organizational development, employee engagement, succession planning, and executive coaching. Anne lives in New York City.   Gregory M. GiangiordanoGeneral Counsel & Secretary  Infor's Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Greg Giangiordano joined the company in 2002, and built the legal department. "What Infor has accomplished in a relatively short time is amazing and very exciting," he says. "It is a demanding, performance-driven environment with great people-a once in a lifetime opportunity, as I see it. When you've combined as many companies as we have, the sheer speed and breadth of issues we need to address makes the job extremely challenging, both from a legal and management perspective." Before Infor, Giangiordano served as Vice President and General Counsel of Elemica, an internet-based transaction network founded by 22 of the world's leading chemical companies. Prior to that, he was a litigation attorney at the law firm of Blank Rome. Early in his career, he served as a law clerk to the Honorable James McGirr Kelly, United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.   Charles Phillips, Chief Executive Officer Duncan Angove, President Stephan Scholl, President Pam Murphy, Chief Operating Officer Kevin Samuelson, Chief Financial Officer Soma Somasundaram, Global Product Development Mary Trick, Chief Customer Officer Darren Saumur, Global Services Marylon McGinnis, Global Support Marc Scibelli, Chief Creative Officer Ziad Nejmeldeen, PhD, Chief Scientist Kurt Cavano, President, GT Nexus, an Infor Company Jeff Abbott, Global Alliances and Channels Chip Coyle, Chief Marketing Officer Shahriar Rafimayeri, Business Innovation Anne Benedict, Human Resources Gregory M. Giangiordano, General Counsel & Secretary     See the Infor Sales and Services Leaders ›          Quick links: About Infor Services Support Investors Partners Careers Contact usSpecialized by industry.Engineered for speed.  Privacy Legal Site map© Copyright 2017. Infor. All rights reserved.                                    Can we help? Chat now     No, thanks                 



INFOR (US), INC. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Computer Software Industry Report


Business Intelligence Software Industry Report















INFOR (US), INC. Revenue and Financial Data

Infor Global Solutions outfits companies in a wide range of industries with a wide range of software applications. The company’s accounting, finance, and manufacturing software automates processes and connects disparate functions across an organization. Customers use Infor’s software (which is increasingly cloud-based) for managing inventories, tracking shipments, managing customer interactions, and more. Infor supplies such industries as automotive, chemicals, consumer packaged goods, food processing, retail, and pharmaceuticals. Clients have included Bristol-Myers Squibb, Cargill, Grohe, Heinz, Whole Foods Market, and TRW. Infor is controlled by a group of investors led by Golden Gate Capital,  Summit Partners, and Koch Industries.
  







Financials Information for INFOR (US), INC.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$1356.079683 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

















































Infor Acquires Lawson: What's Its Next ERP Buy?   - InformationWeek



















































































CIO Insights & Innovation 




Security & Risk Strategy




Team Building & Staffing




IT Strategy




Digital Business








Project Management




Programming Languages




Dr. Dobb's








Enterprise Applications




Operating Systems




Productivity/Collaboration Apps








Network Security




Careers & People




Threat Intelligence




IoT




Attacks & Breaches




Application Security




Cloud Security




Endpoint Security




Mobile Security




Perimeter Security




Risk Management




Operations Security




Analytics




Vulnerabilities & Threats




Security & Risk Strategy








Infrastructure as a Service




Platform as a Service




Software as a Service




Cloud Storage




Data Centers








Mobile Applications




Mobile Devices




Mobile Business




Enterprise Mobility Management








Big Data Analytics




Hardware/Architectures




Software Platforms




IoT








Networking




Storage




Wireless Infrastructure




Data Center




Unified Communications




Cloud Infrastructure




Applications




Careers




PCs and Servers




Net Security








Government




Healthcare




Wall Street & Technology




Bank Systems & Technology




Insurance & Technology








Industries




Government




Healthcare




Wall Street & Technology




Bank Systems & Technology




Insurance & Technology




IT Life


Mobile




Mobile Applications




Mobile Devices




Mobile Business




Enterprise Mobility Management




Software




Enterprise Applications




Operating Systems




Productivity/Collaboration Apps

 










Informationweek
Network Computing
Dark Reading

Tech Library
 University

About Us
Advertise







































































Follow IW:
































Government // Enterprise Architecture










7/6/201104:18 PMDoug HenschenNewsConnect Directly0 commentsComment NowLogin50%50%


Tweet




RELATED EVENTSUsing Threat Data to Improve Your Cyber DefenseAug 10, 2017Attend this webinar to learn how you can determine which threats pose the greatest danger to your 
	...Read More>>
RELATED CONTENT
Evolution of the Data Scientist

Big Data Network Traffic Intelligence

Gartner Predicts 2017: Threat & Vulnerability Management

Infor Acquires Lawson: What's Its Next ERP Buy?  Cross-brand product integration work begins. So does speculation on which ERP vendor Infor CEO Charles Phillips might gobble up next.  8 HR Collaboration Platforms In Action (click image for larger view and for slideshow)ERP system vendor Infor and partner Golden Gate Capital completed their acquisition of Lawson Software on Tuesday. So you have to wonder: Which vendor will be next on Infor's acquisition radar?

Lawson accepted an unsolicited $2 billion bid from Infor and Golden Gate Capital in April. Infor announced on Wednesday that its $11.25-per-share cash deal was completed July 5, just six days after a majority of Lawson shareholders formally approved the offer.

The bid raised concern among many Lawson customers based on Infor's past reputation for aggressive acquisitions followed by minimal integration work and subpar service and support. But Infor came under new management last October when former Oracle President Charles Phillips took the helm as CEO and appointed four former Oracle proteges as his top lieutenants.

When Infor's bid was accepted in April, Phillips went out of his way issue a lengthy statement to Lawson customers in which he promised Infor would be a "reliable, proactive, and responsive partner."

In a statement issued on Wednesday, Infor said it will begin integration work immediately on three pairings of Infor and Lawson products to be introduced later this year. Infor's FMS SunSystems Enterprise will be integrated with Lawson's S3 ERP system to support two-tier financial management. S3 will support financial planning and management at headquarters while FMS SunSystems will provide a simpler, lower-cost option for subsidiaries and satellite operations.

In a second pairing, Lawson S3 will be integrated with Infor's Enterprise Asset Management system, extending S3 capabilities to manage operations, tracking and maintenance of capital equipment. The third pairing will see Infor's Workforce Management application combined with Lawson's Human Capital Management system to create a single system for managing all employee-related functions, including core HR, talent management, eLearning, time and attendance, and payroll.

"These first product examples reflect the potential of this partnership and the fast pace of our development efforts," stated Phillips. "We will continue our work to deliver deeper functionality and industry-specific applications, particularly in key industries such as manufacturing, healthcare, distribution, public sector and hospitality."

With the Lawson deal completed, many expect Infor to pursue yet more acquisitions. Phillips is no stranger to mergers and acquisitions, having spearheaded dozens of deals during his seven years at Oracle.

With the addition of Lawson, Infor's revenues should exceed $2.5 billion, placing it a distant third in the market for on-premises ERP software after SAP and Oracle. SAP had $17.6 billion in revenue in 2010. Oracle does not break out its applications revenue.

Potential acquisition candidates include Infor competitors such as Sage and Epicor. Headquartered in the U.K., Sage had 2010 sales of about $2.2 billion from a diverse range of ERP, accounting, and CRM products. Epicor recently merged with Activant in a complementary pairing engineered by Apax Partners; Epicor caters to manufacturers while Activant served distributors and retailers. The revenue of the combined entity, which will continue under the Epicor name, should exceed $800 million.

Microsoft, with its $1.3 billion Dynamics applications lineup, is another competitor, but that's not a business that's likely to be spun off. Microsoft has announced it will begin delivering ERP software-as-a-service (SaaS) beginning next year. Microsoft CRM OnDemand already is a well-established component of Microsoft's growing cloud-computing portfolio.

Infor bolstered its own fledgling SaaS portfolio through this week's deal. Lawson had about $30 million in SaaS revenue primarily through a targeted human capital management service. But the vast majority of Infor's revenue--and core strategy--is centered on conventional, on-premises software. That makes acquisitions and further consolidation of the ERP software sector a safe bet.

Security monitoring, incident response, and forensics are essential, even in the cloud. But the cloud by definition implies relinquishing at least some control, which can make these practices problematic. In this report, we identify the challenges of detecting and responding to security issues in the cloud and discuss the most effective ways to address them. Download our report now. (Free registration required.) 
Comment  | Email This  | Print  | RSSMore InsightsWebcasts
Using Cyber Threat Intelligence Wisely

Using Threat Data to Improve Your Cyber Defense
More WebcastsWhite Papers
Evolution of the Data Scientist

Big Data Network Traffic Intelligence
More White PapersReports
[Security Breach Report] Overall Impact of & Steps to Prevent Breaches

[Security Spending] Budgets, Plans & Priorities for 2017
More Reports

















Comments



Newest First  |  Oldest First  |  Threaded View









[close this box]












Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. 




















Reports











How Enterprises Are Attacking the IT Security Enterprise

To learn more about what organizations are doing to tackle attacks and threats we surveyed a group of 300 IT and infosec professionals to find out what their biggest IT security challenges are and what they're doing to defend against today's threats. Download the report to see what they're saying. 


Download Now!






More Reports 















Subscribe to Newsletters























Live Events






Webinars













More UBM TechLive Events












Using Cyber Threat Intelligence WiselyUsing Threat Data to Improve Your Cyber Defense[Best Practices] Managing Multiple Clouds




Webinar Archives 













White Papers





Evolution of the Data Scientist


Big Data Network Traffic Intelligence


Gartner Predicts 2017: Threat & Vulnerability Management


Today's Top 3 Security Scenarios + the Step-by-Step Incident Response to Them


CISOs Investigate: User Behavior Analytics






More White Papers










Current Issue




IT Strategies to Conquer the CloudChances are your organization is adopting cloud computing in one way or another -- or in multiple ways. Understanding the skills you need and how cloud affects IT operations and networking will help you adapt.
Download This Issue!






Back Issues | Must Reads
















Video

























A Lesson in Physics and Engineering for ...


0 Comments









FireEye CEO Shares State of IT Threat ...


0 Comments









An All-in-One Service Chaining Solution


0 Comments









The Uber of Roadside Assistance 


1 Comments









How ConocoPhillips Reduced its Data ...


0 Comments









A 'Sensor to Sunset' Cloud Brokerage ...


1 Comments









The Rise Of SDN: What It Means For ...


0 Comments









Secrets To Building Better Products: Fail ...


1 Comments









InformationWeek Elite 100: Celebrating ...


1 Comments









Google Puts Its Stamp On The Network Of ...


1 Comments









Beyond WiFi: Building Better Enterprise ...


1 Comments









Ransomware: How Should IT Respond?


0 Comments


















All Videos 













Slideshows







10 Things IT Pros Should Consider (or Dread) Before the Job Hunt



0 comments
 | Read | Post a Comment








10 IT Jobs That Will Be Done by AI


2






7 Technologies that Enable a Microservices Architecture


1






More Slideshows










Twitter Feed


Tweets about "from:InformationWeek OR #InformationWeek OR @InformationWeek"









Sponsored Live Streaming Video




Everything You've Been Told About Mobility Is Wrong Attend this video symposium with Sean Wisdom, Global Director of Mobility Solutions, and learn about how you can harness powerful new products to mobilize your business potential.

465 comments
 | Read | Post a Comment






Full schedule | Archived Shows













Flash Poll










All Polls




















Technology Group Black HatContent Marketing InstituteContent Marketing World Dark ReadingEnterprise ConnectFusionGDCGamasutraHDIICMIInformationWeekInterop ITXNetwork ComputingNo JitterVRDCCOMMUNITIES SERVEDContent MarketingEnterprise ITEnterprise CommunicationsGame DevelopmentInformation SecurityIT Services & SupportWORKING WITH USAdvertising ContactsEvent CalendarTech MarketingSolutionsContact UsLicensingTerms of ServicePrivacy StatementLegal EntitiesCopyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
























To rate this item, click on a rating below.





[close this box]




 
To save this item to your list of favorite InformationWeek content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.
 





If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers.  You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service.
 Tweet This
[close this box]



















Thermal Printer Sales | Contact AT Info Products














































































         

 (201) 529-0202Partner Login






















Contact








 Contact

Contact
Request a Quote

INK

Hewlett Packard
Bulk Ink
 





Contact

Corporate Office
AT Information Products, Inc. (AT INFO)
575 Corporate Drive
Mahwah, NJ 07430
Telephone: (201) 529-0202
Fax: (201) 529-5603
Department Extensions
Sales: 115
Customer Service / Parts: 105
Technical Support: 109
Accounting: 107
Please fill out this form and we will be sure to contact you.












Name

Email
 
Company

Phone Number

Let us know what you need so we can put you
in touch with the right Department or Distributor.
 
 Please Enter the Letters Below:
 : 








 







Home
About
Technology
Products
Applications
Contact





Follow Us:            
Telephone: (201) 529-0202E-Mail: info@atip-USA.com






























