





Network Infrastructure



































Search ...  










HomeServicesStructured CablingNetwork ConsultingColocationInternet BandwidthNetResponse™ProductsNetwork InfrastructureAccess ControlSurveillanceISE Storage SystemsInstant SupportContact UsLegalSemaphore BlogAruba Networks














 

 



NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE


                 

	When it comes to network infrastructure we predominantly use Aruba, Cisco, or Juniper products due to being a well established partner amongst all three. We are extremely well versed in network infrastructure due to having a strong company background in network engineering.

	We differentiate from the competition by being both a consumer of these products as well as an implementer. This allows us to leverage knowledge that many other companies simply just don't have. This also allows us to have a firm understanding of maintainability, scalability, and budget. 

	We approach each project with the mindset of both an owner/operator as well as a consultant. We're more than happy to sell just the hardware to someone but we typically form relationships with our customers along the way. Cost, features, performance, and ability to operate are amongst the things we consider when formulating an infrastructure plan. Can  the customer support the gear? Do they need our support? We cover all bases and constantly think long term because we are used to doing it for ourselves. 

	For many of our customers, we are the operator of their networks so it's not abnormal for us to spend a lot of time after the install making sure everything is as seamless as possible. Our expectation is to work with our customers for a long time and to make sure it's done right the first time around. 

	We're extremely cost competitive if we're helping design and implement a solution for a customer in addition to consultation and management. We are NOT a transactually based business because and our customers aren't just a number to us. They're an important part of our business and success which is why we value them so deeply. We are a steady, dependable, trusted advisor and partner for many companies that have been with us for over a decade. 

	How many integrators can say they've done refresh cycles on their infrastructure 5, 10, and 12 years later? How many have even been in business that long? Almost none.

	We could go on and on, but the bottom line is that we've proven ourselves time and time again. If you want a team who really knows what they're doing and who has the tenure/track record to prove it, give us a call for a no-risk, no-cost evaluation. 

sales@semaphore.com

Phone: 206-905-5000

Toll Free: 1-888-SEMAPHORE



		 



		 



		 



		 



		 























	©2017 Semaphore Corporation























 



 Infrastructure Networks, Inc. Announces Pilot LTE Deployment in the Gulf of Mexico 
         










    










 






 











 









Infrastructure Networks, Inc. Announces Pilot LTE Deployment in the Gulf of Mexico

Mar 02, 2015, 10:10 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Infrastructure Networks, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


HOUSTON, March 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Infrastructure Networks, Inc. (INET), a leading provider of industrial LTE wireless broadband services to oil and gas and other critical infrastructure industries, is deploying a pilot LTE system in the Gulf of Mexico.
INET's pilot deployment will be used to demonstrate the superior capabilities of industrial LTE wireless broadband service and coverage when coupled with 700 MHz spectrum that INET has leased from Verizon Wireless under the LTE in Rural America program.  The pilot will be open to certain companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico that have expressed an interest in using the network for testing and planning larger LTE rollouts. 
Tarig Anani , CEO of Infrastructure Networks, said, "The pilot deployment phase of our LTE rollout will give customers an opportunity to test and preplan their own LTE deployments in lockstep with Infrastructure Networks.  For the pilot, we have assembled a team of partners that bring unique capabilities, resources and assets to the table." He closed by saying, "We have seen great success with our onshore business, and with the need for additional bandwidth, real-time connectivity, and the reliability of our Industrial 4G LTE network, oil and gas companies have been requesting that we expand our coverage offshore. Our partnership approach to the Gulf of Mexico will allow us to leverage the value and expertise of our partners to deliver unrivaled high-speed bandwidth and low latency connectivity across a secure network. "
Partners teaming with INET on the LTE pilot include Alcatel-Lucent, BlackHawk Datacom and L&M Botruc Rental.  
Alcatel-Lucent will provide LTE network equipment and the licensed microwave backhaul equipment for the LTE Pilot in the Gulf of Mexico.  John Dow, VP of Business Development of Americas Wireless Business for Alcatel-Lucent, said, "Deploying the first LTE solution in the Gulf of Mexico will provide oil and gas companies a similar experience to what they have experienced onshore using INET's commercial LTE network.  Through this partnership, we will deliver the most advanced wireless ultra-broadband services in the Gulf of Mexico, providing faster connectivity and enabling advanced machine-to-machine communications that was not previously available to the offshore oil and gas market."
Philip Liddell, COO of Infrastructure Networks, said, "Infrastructure Networks has worked hand in hand with Alcatel-Lucent since 2013, successfully deploying over 25,000 square miles of industrial LTE coverage throughout Texas for the oil and gas industry.  Going offshore with Alcatel-Lucent was an easy decision based upon the experience both teams have in working together deploying LTE services."
BlackHawk Datacom will provide offshore engineering and construction services.  In addition, they will be involved in testing several LTE based end-user applications during the pilot period.  BlackHawk Datacom has a long communications history in the Gulf of Mexico having deployed several generations of microwave point to point systems over the last 25 years. John Poindexter, CEO of BlackHawk Datacom, said, "We are very excited about the expanded opportunities that this technology brings to the Gulf of Mexico. The model that has proven to be so successful in the US shale plays has the ability to bring significant cost savings to the Gulf, while enabling an entire new suite of edge technologies. This could be a game changer in terms of the growth of digital oilfield capabilities."
One of the major advantages of LTE is its ability to provide wireless broadband service to moving vessels.  Stanley Hughey, Chief Strategy Officer of Infrastructure Networks, said, "During our study of existing communications options in the Gulf of Mexico it became apparent that surface vessels operating offshore represented a large un-served market.  Once deployed, INET's LTE network will offer the only communications solution that will allow a vessel to move seamlessly from port to sea without the use of expensive satellite equipment."  He concluded by saying. "INET's LTE network availability, coupled with the ability of customers to use their Verizon LTE handset offshore, is a game changer for companies and personnel operating in the Gulf."  
To demonstrate this capability L&M Botruc Rental will deploy LTE service on one of its fleet of offshore vessels during the pilot period. Jacob Pitre, Vice President of Operations for L&M Botruc Rental, said, "I am excited about the opportunity to have one of our vessels use this advanced wireless technology. With INET's LTE deployment, it will deliver high speed and improved connectivity, which will provide efficiency in our operations in the Gulf."
INET plans to begin establishing substantial LTE network coverage over a wide area of the Gulf of Mexico upon the successful completion of the pilot LTE project.
About Infrastructure Networks, Inc.
Founded in March of 2011, Infrastructure Networks provides next-generation wireless broadband communications founded on 4G LTE wireless technology focused exclusively on Critical Infrastructure Industries.  Since its founding, the company has been rapidly expanding its network in the Bakken Shale in North Dakota, the Niobrara Shale in Colorado, the Eagle Ford Shale and Permian Basin in Texas, as well as the Texas Panhandle and in Kern County, California.
About Alcatel-Lucent (Euronext Paris and NYSE:   ALU)
Alcatel-Lucent is the leading IP networking, ultra-broadband access and cloud technology specialist. We are dedicated to making global communications more innovative, sustainable and accessible for people, businesses and governments worldwide. Our mission is to invent and deliver trusted networks to help our customers unleash their value. Every success has its network.
For more information, visit Alcatel-Lucent on: http://www.alcatel-lucent.com, read the latest posts on the Alcatel-Lucent blog http://www.alcatel-lucent.com/blog and follow the Company on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Alcatel_Lucent.
About BlackHawk Datacom
BlackHawk Datacom is a dynamic, innovative and successful Energy, Defense and Maritime industry communications provider. We offer a broad array of satellite, broadband wireless and two-way communications solutions designed to help our customers successfully communicate with their remote field operations. Our mission is to provide integrated Information & Communication Technology (ICT) solutions for companies with mission critical field operations in remote and often harsh environments. 
About L&M Botruc Rental
L&M Botruc Rental, Inc. owns and operates a fleet of offshore marine vessels serving the offshore oil and gas exploration and production industries, primarily in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and in select regions abroad. The L&M Botruc family consists of highly qualified industry leaders known for their dedication to customer service and - most importantly - to safety.
From the original Botruc vessels more than 60 years ago to our brand new state-of-the-art deep water vessels, L&M designs and constructs each vessel to maximize its usefulness in the widest range of tasks, enabling our personnel and equipment to meet any challenge of the ever-changing exploration and production industries.
 
 SOURCE  Infrastructure Networks, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 13, 2015, 10:00 ET
Preview: Large Independent selects Infrastructure Networks for Advanced Wireless Communications in the Permian Basin






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Infrastructure Networks, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:06 AM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of Infrastructure Networks, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Infrastructure Networks, Inc. provides broadband wireless networks founded on 4G/LTE wireless technology. It offers subscription services; and CLOUDCORE, a service management platform that allows customers the ability to manage their services and subscriptions, as well as supports real time reporting of radio usage for specified intervals. The company also provides FAST L2 services that builds transparent Ethernet pipes over various combinations of public or private IP networks and can be configured to support carrier Ethernet/E-Line, carrier Ethernet/E-LAN, and carrier Ethernet/E-Tree. Further, it offers network overview and spectrum holdings services; and 4G LTE broadband wireless coverage...
Infrastructure Networks, Inc. provides broadband wireless networks founded on 4G/LTE wireless technology. It offers subscription services; and CLOUDCORE, a service management platform that allows customers the ability to manage their services and subscriptions, as well as supports real time reporting of radio usage for specified intervals. The company also provides FAST L2 services that builds transparent Ethernet pipes over various combinations of public or private IP networks and can be configured to support carrier Ethernet/E-Line, carrier Ethernet/E-LAN, and carrier Ethernet/E-Tree. Further, it offers network overview and spectrum holdings services; and 4G LTE broadband wireless coverage in Eagle Ford Shale, Permian Basin, and Texas Panhandle. It serves oil and natural gas exploration and production; water, oil, and natural gas pipelines and wells; coal and ore mines; railroads, roads, inland waterways, bridges, and tunnels; electric generation plants and distribution systems; and municipal traffic, utility, and public service systems. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Houston, Texas.
Detailed Description


1718 Fry RoadSuite 116Houston, TX 77084United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 855-333-4638








Key Executives for Infrastructure Networks, Inc.




Mr. Stanley R. Hughey


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Roderick P. Ciaccio


      	President
      








Mr. Jack M. Fields Jr.


      	Founder and Advisor
      


Age: 65
        







Ms. Kori Kalich-Ugalde


      	Executive Vice President
      








Mr. Ronald D. Anderson Jr.


      	Chief Information Officer
      


Age: 60
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Infrastructure Networks, Inc. Key Developments

Infrastructure Networks, Inc. Presents at 13th Annual Energy & Clean Technology Venture Forum, Sep-17-2015 01:10 PM
Sep 8 15
Infrastructure Networks, Inc. Presents at 13th Annual Energy & Clean Technology Venture Forum, Sep-17-2015 01:10 PM. Venue: McNair Hall, Rice University, Houston, TX 77005, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Com, Inc. United States 1-800-RECONEX, Inc. United States 123.Net Inc. United States 1800Prepaid United States 186 Communications, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 15, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Infrastructure Networks, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Team | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












Team Home / About INET / Team 






Management TeamScott Crist
Chairman & CEO Email
Stanley R. Hughey
Chief Strategy Officer Email
Ron Anderson
Chief Information Officer Email
  
Board of DirectorsDirk McDermott
Sean Ebert
Scott Crist
 
AdvisorsKori Kalich
Jack Fields
Andrew D. Lipman
Todd M. Binet
 
















Team | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












Team Home / About INET / Team 






Management TeamScott Crist
Chairman & CEO Email
Stanley R. Hughey
Chief Strategy Officer Email
Ron Anderson
Chief Information Officer Email
  
Board of DirectorsDirk McDermott
Sean Ebert
Scott Crist
 
AdvisorsKori Kalich
Jack Fields
Andrew D. Lipman
Todd M. Binet
 
















Services | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












Services Home / Services 






ServicesVPRN
The Network
IIoT
Bulk Bandwidth
Subscriptions
FastL2
CloudCore
Solutions
Virtual Private Radio Networks (VPRN)
Infrastructure Networks provides high-speed wireless communications through Virtual Private Radio Networks (VPRNs). A VPRN allows you to do more, with less.
The Benefits of VPRN Deployment Include:

Significant reduction of capital costs as compared to a user owed private network
The cost of end-point radios is reduced
Network and radio resource management is simplified
Interference risk is all but eliminated due to the use of licensed 700 MHz spectrum
VPRN services can be used to augment existing wireless networks while
legacy networks are maintained or decommissioned
A shared physical network can be built to a higher standard of reliability
than multiple networks covering the same geographic space.
New field applications can be deployed including mobility, VoIP and video
on the same network using standardized radios.

 















Network Products, Inc. | Data Center & Cabling Solutions































Call Us at: (301) 548-0300








A ONE STOP SHOP
We’re a 1 stop shop for planning, design, and implementation. Call us at the outset of your project … you’ll save time, money, and headaches! … Continue Reading… 









CONFIDENCE
Don’t take a chance on your next project.  NPI has been in business since 1986! … Continue Reading… 









Past Performance
NPI has Proudly Served these Past Clients
NPI has substantial past performance working on projects across multiple industries, including legal, healthcare, government, transportation and … Continue Reading… 









Data CentersNetwork Products provides solutions to address key business concerns facing today’s Data Centers. … Read More
Cabling Solutions in DC, Maryland, Virginia, North & South CarolinaNetwork Products provides solutions to address key business concerns facing today’s IT Infrastructure. … Read More
Government ClientsData Center and Cabling Solutions for Government Agencies
If you're looking for a proven government … Read More
Let Us Help You Start Planning Today!
Save time, money, and headache by letting us help you start planning now!

Free Consultation 

Legal ClientsData Center and Cabling Solutions for the Legal Industry
Searching for an infrastructure design and … Read More
Commercial ClientsData Center and Cabling Solutions for the Commercial Industry
Trying to find commercial business … Read More
Healthcare ClientsCabling and Data Center Solutions for Healthcare Industry
Need a healthcare infrastructure design … Read More
 NPI Connect
In search of infrastructure planning and design for your growing organization? Network Product Inc. is a leading infrastructure planning and design company providing communications solutions for multiple industries including legal industries, healthcare industries, and government industries - just to name a few!  Founded over 30 years ago, with a masterful and dedicated business IT infrastructure team, we bring easy solutions to complex business technology problems. By creating custom designed business data centers and cabling solutions, we make sure every system is built around your needs. Using the latest technical software to create sustainable infrastructure design and planning blueprints, we bring trouble-free manageable resolutions for all small and corporate businesses, as well as Government, Legal, and Healthcare industries. Business Data Center solutions and planning is our bread and butter, making it easy for you to sit back and relax while our team of highly experienced and tenured professionals create a powerful infrastructure tailored to your industry's needs. 

 NPI Resources
Data Center Cabling Installation
Cabling Solutions
Government Clients
Legal Clients
Commercial Clients
Healthcare Clients
Smart Buildings


Cabling Solutions
Cable Tray Installation
AV Cabling
Fiber Optic Cabling


Search

 Call Us at: (301) 548-0300












Infrastructure Networks Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























infrastructure networks inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Telecom
Sub-Industry: Telecom Carriers
Infrastructure Networks, Inc. provides telecommunication services. The Company caters to oil, gas, utilities, public safety, and municipal industries. Infrastructure Networks serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1718 Fry Road
Suite 116
Houston, TX 77084
United States


Phone:
1-855-333-4638


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.inetlte.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Oil & Gas | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












Oil & Gas Home / Industries / Oil & Gas 






IndustriesOil & Gas
Utilities
Public Safety
Municipal
Oil & Gas IndustryThe Oil & Gas sector requires the high bandwidth, low latency, secure, and reliable communications in the most remote locations. By providing dependable, mission critical communications, Infrastructure Networks, Inc. enables Oil & Gas companies to make critical decisions in real-time. Infrastructure Networks’ Industrial 4G LTE network allows Oil & Gas companies to operate more efficiently and effectively by enabling their specific application needs.
Exploration

Drilling Data
Geosteering
Safety
Video
Crew Welfare

Production

Pump off Control
Tank Battery Monitoring
Video Monitoring
Leak Detection
SCADA

Mobility & Security

Office-in-the-Truck
Vehicle Area Network
Gate Guard/Gate Control
Video Surveillance

Midstream

Flowmeters/EFM Data
Cathodic Protection
Compressor Station SCADA

Salt Water Disposal

Truck/Gate Monitoring
Injection Controls/SCADA
Video Monitoring

  












  iscivil.com - Home                                 
       
      TRANSPORTATION - ENVIRONMENTAL - UTILITIES  HISTORICAL RESTORATION - ENGINEERED ELEMENTS  
   We come to work every day to be the builder of choice for our clients, theemployer of choice for our work force, and to set the highest standards forethics, quality, safety with an approach to business guided by our values. SCOPE OF PROJECTS; bridges, dams, spillways, bulkheads, piers, streetscapes,schools, roads, sewer and water, ornamental ironwork, historical restorations, aqueducts, canal locks and culverts, architectural elements. SCOPE OF MARKETS; federal and state agencies including Army Corps of Engineers, National Park Service, Department of Defense, Army, Navy, Homeland Security, Veterans Administration, Agriculture, Air Force, Interior, NASA, Counties, Municipalities, Transportation and Utility Authorities.    
                                           PICTURE GALLERYPICTURE GALLERY  
    YOUR CAREER YOUR CAREER   
   
                      ABOUT USABOUT US  
    INVESTORINVESTOR  
   
                      BID OPPORTUNITIESBID OPPORTUNITIES  
    EQUIPMENT SALESEQUIPMENT SALES  
   
  
                          Infrastructure Solutions Group 10 First St. Murray Hill, N.J. T: 908-665-9796 F: 908-464-1313 
   
                     mail@iscivil.com  
    CONTACT USCONTACT US  
   
                     Done  RightDone  Once 
   
  
    Equal Opportunity Employer for Disabled Veterans ©2017 Infrastructure Solutions Group   All Rights Reserved  
      close lightbox             




CloudCore | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












CloudCore Home / Services / CloudCore 






ServicesVPRN
The Network
IIoT
Bulk Bandwidth
Subscriptions
FastL2
CloudCore
Solutions
CLOUDCORE LTE SERVICE MANAGEMENT
Infrastructure Networks offers customers access to the LTE EPC Core through our proprietary, industry leading web-based application, the CloudCore Service Management Platform. This platform allows customers the ability to actively manage their services and  subscriptions. Various LTE options – such as quality of service (QCI and ARP), maximum  transmit and receive speeds and static IP address management – can be modified directly by customers for their deployed radios. Modifications to services take affect in real time  with instant feedback.
Customers can also assign uniquely identifying labels to their subscriptions for improved internal tracking and reporting. Private APN network customers can manage which APN their subscriptions are assigned to, and switch subscriptions back and forth between INET and their private APN’s.
CloudCore supports near real time reporting of radio usage for specified intervals. Users can also identify information such as which cell tower the radio is using on the INET LTE network, up and down byte usage and first and last usage during a selected period.



 
















Videos | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












Videos Home / About INET / Videos 






 

INET Overview Video
 
  
















The Network | Infrastructure Networks














































Menu












The Network Home / Services / The Network 






The NetworkNetwork Overview
Spectrum Holdings
Coverage Maps
 
ServicesVPRN
The Network
IIoT
Bulk Bandwidth
Subscriptions
FastL2
CloudCore
Solutions
NETWORK OVERVIEW
The Infrastructure Networks network is built upon 4G LTE Cellular Technology, the globally adopted standard for wireless high-speed data.
4G LTE Capabilities:

Peak download rates up to 299.6 Mbit/s and Upload rates up to 75.4 Mbit/s (4x4 MIMO using 20 MHz Channels)
Low latency and connection set-up times, 50-80 ms round trip
Efficient modulation balance to support maximum downlink speeds and conserve power on the uplink data
Single cell coverage in open terrain of greater than 1,000 square miles. Small cells can be deployed to support areas of a few hundred yards
Native security through SIM Card (Subscriber Identity Module) authentication and robust symmetric key 128-bit encryption

 
VISUAL NETWORK OVERVIEW

 
















News | Infrastructure Networks | Building Smarter Networks











































Menu












Digital Oilfield Takes Hold

05Jul 


Scott Crist, CEO of Infrastructure Networks, spoke at a breakfast hosted by Altira Group LLC,  on the topic of the digital oilfield.
Click here to read the full article.




Infrastructure Networks to present at The 2017 Bakken Conference & Expo in North Dakota

23Jun 


Scott Crist, CEO of Infrastructure Networks, will be presenting at this year’s Bakken Conference and Expo, a Premier North Dakota Shale Oil Event.  Produced by North American Shale magazine, the event will provide attendees with in-depth stories, information on the hottest topics and multiple networking sessions geared to connect decision makers from every segment of the industry. The conference takes place from July 17th-19th at the Bismark Event Center in North Dakota.
Click here to go to the Bakken Conference and Expo website for more information.




Infrastructure Networks to Present at Data Driven Production Conference

09May 


Scott Crist, Chairman and CEO will be speaking at this year’s Data Driven Production Conference, which is being held at the Doubletree by Hilton Hotel in Houston on June 6-7, 2017.
Click here to go to the Data Driven Production Conference webpage.
 
 




Infrastructure Networks to Present at Entelec 2017 Conference

21AprMarch 21, 2017 



Representatives from Infrastructure Networks will be presenting at the Entelec 2017 Conference, April 25th-27th. The presentation, entitled “Displace CAPEX & OPEX with LTE Technology and FastL2 Carrier Ethernet Connectivity” will be a discussion on the future of machine-to-machine technology and enabling solutions in the era of the internet of things. Topics highlighted will include:
\\ Low Cost of Ownership
\\ IIoT \ M2M Oil & Gas Automation
\\ LTE Convergence & Universal Adoption
\\ FastL2 – Enables Carrier Ethernet to the Network Edge – Save VPRN & MPLS Costs
The presentation will conclude with a Question & Answer session.
The presentation will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center.




Oil and Gas Telecom Company Raises Millions

08SepJuly 20, 2016 


Houston, Texas, United States, September 8th, 2015
Infrastructure Networks Inc., a Houston-based telecommunications company, has raised $3.3 million, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Infrastructure Networks is a wireless Internet provider for oil and gas companies. It offers 4G LTE Internet — similar to the speeds on most smartphones today — in the Eagle Ford Shale, the Permian Basin, the Bakken Shale and the Texas Panhandle, according to the company’s website.
The equity raise was led by existing investor Altira Group, a Denver-based oil and gas venture capital fund.
 Read More








Search for:



  Recent Posts 

Digital Oilfield Takes Hold


Infrastructure Networks to present at The 2017 Bakken Conference & Expo in North Dakota


Infrastructure Networks to Present at Data Driven Production Conference


Infrastructure Networks to Present at Entelec 2017 Conference


Oil and Gas Telecom Company Raises Millions


Archives 
Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2016 
 September 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 October 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 

 PR Newswire EnergyOhio Fire Chiefs' Association Honors Dominion Energy Charitable Foundation For Longstanding State Emergency Officer Training Program SupportCommercial Metals Company Announces Redemption of Remaining Outstanding 7.35% Senior Notes Due 2018Kimbell Royalty Partners Announces Second Quarter 2017 Distribution Renewable Energy NewsBlockchain Investment Fund Begins Initial Coin Offering for New PV PlantsBay State Wind Begins Offshore Wind Site Measurement Following Assessment Plan ApprovalI Squared Joins Bidding for $4 Billion Equis Renewable Portfolio














Infrastructure Networks | Building Smarter Networks














































Menu










 





























































































































































































 


 






Home 






Infrastructure Networks ("INET") is a fully-integrated telecommunications company that is enabling the 'Industrial Internet of Things' (“IIoT”). We provide the first end-to-end, standards-based, dedicated wireless network capable of supporting the full spectrum of IIoT solutions. 
By providing wireless LTE connectivity and advanced solutions to the Critical Infrastructure industry -- including those in exploration, production and distribution of oil and natural gas -- we have become the leader in rolling-out 4G-LTE products and services to the energy industry.
For companies seeking solutions to the costs, limitations and risks associated with legacy technologies and networks, INET manages critical communications through our Wireless Infrastructure as a Service model. We enable existing SCADA, Mobile Data, Video, Workforce Automation, and other machine-to-machine applications with ‘Internet of Things’ functionality. In short, INET allows companies to focus capital and resources on their core business instead of managing the costs and headaches associated with communications.
We replace high capex with low cost, efficient opex. We call that Wireless Evolution. Learn more >
The Network
INET Overview Video
  Latest News 

Digital Oilfield Takes Hold


Infrastructure Networks to present at The 2017 Bakken Conference & Expo in North Dakota


Infrastructure Networks to Present at Data Driven Production Conference


Infrastructure Networks to Present at Entelec 2017 Conference


 












