





Thank You


























BLOG

FAQ
EXPLORE
CONTACT
PRESS
PRE-ORDER
LEARN MORE







THANK YOU




We will notify you with important information about Aido









Copyright 2016 InGen Dynamics Inc All Rights Reserved















Privacy Policy
Annual Report






















AIDO-Press | AIDO




























EVERYTHING YOU NEED




to write/talk about Aido in one place | for press










BLOG

FAQ
EXPLORE
CONTACT
PRESS
PRE-ORDER
LEARN MORE








What is Aido?




Aido is a sophisticated yet affordable home robot. It's an all in one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more.






When is it launching?




Aido is scheduled to be launched in Fall 2016. We are heading towards finalizing development, manufacturing and production of Aido.






How to talk to us?




For press inquiries or interview requests  please contact:
 
arshad@getaido.com












PRODUCT SHOTS



DOWNLOAD ALL IMAGES (ZIP)
























LIFESTYLE SHOTS



DOWNLOAD ALL IMAGES (ZIP)
























LOGO & BRANDING



DOWNLOAD ALL IMAGES (ZIP)














Why should I get Aido?




Aido is one of it’s kind when it comes to what you can do with it. Here is a short look into some of the things you can do with Aido:
 
●   Automate your home and control lights, temperature, devices & appliances remotely
●   Get quick answers to questions (Speak your questions aloud, and Aido can scour the web for most appropriate answers. It can read them out or display them using a projector)
●   Your personal assistant keeping you informed about upcoming events and reminding you things just when you tend to forget them.
●   A perfect babysitter and your child’s best friend
●   Your home’s security guard (patrolling and safeguarding features)
●   Your entertainment center with boombox and HD projectors
●   A helpful member of your family whom you can talk to and enjoy interacting and playing with
 




INFORMATION











Copyright 2016 InGen Dynamics Inc All Rights Reserved















Privacy Policy
Annual Report


















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Aido Interactive Personal Home Robot

































MEET AIDO.




Aido is the next generation social family robot. Smart, interactive, and uniquely mobile, Aido is the first social robot that can move around your home/office to help improve your lifestyle.
 
He can play with your kids, help you with household chores, handle your schedule, and keep your home connected and safe.




SAVE 30% BY RESERVING TODAY







Share the video with your friends & family!









Reserve Now





Ships in Jan 2018










BLOG

FAQ
EXPLORE
CONTACT
PRESS
PRE-ORDER


















“
Aido home robot plays with kids and controls smart appliances.
                     ”






“
Aido is pretty much the robot they promised everyone back in the 1950s.
 
                     ”
















“
 Aido is an artificially intelligent, voice-activated personal-assistant robot that can feel touch and even display information using a built-in projection system.
                     ”








EXPERT OPINIONS









YOUR NEW BEST FRIEND








AN ENTERTAINER







A HOME MAKER









A TEACHER






Immerse yourself in your favourite movies and games with the interactive projector and speakers.




Keep your home secure with Aido's patrol mode.  And keep your home healthy using his various sensors.




Aido's sound effects, graphics and movements make for an interactive learning experience.









A HELPER







A HANDYMAN







A FRIEND






Ask Aido to fetch the latest recipes, reschedule your meeting, or just dim the lights when you relax.




Aido can quickly beam helpful videos on a nearby wall to fix that leaking faucet, or any faulty unit.




Aido recognizes each member of your household, and adjusts to individual preferences.















THE PERFECT COMPANION




Aido can play with your kids, help you with household chores, handle your schedule and keep your home safe.












INTERACTIVE HELP




Aido comes with an interactive projector that can visually aid you through your tasks like cooking, yoga and much more!












NEXT GEN MOBILITY




Aido balances himself on a ball and can maneuver around complex spaces with furniture, and other minor obstacles in your house

















ENTERTAINMENT HUB




Aido also comes with a multimedia projector that can convert any wall into a movie screen. You can play interactive games with Aido.







HELP







Aido can convert your house into a smart home in a jiffy and can control compatible lighting, air conditioning, doors, appliances and much more.
 




A PERFECT HOME MAKER


















PART OF YOUR FAMILY





Easy and pleasant to work with.




Designed at a height convenient to interact with, Aido also has a detachable tabletop.




With various in-built sensors, Aido is designed to seamlessly integrate with your home automation system.




Ask Aido to show a piece of art or movie, a recipe on the fridge, or your Bali photos and it’s done.




Aido can find his way around your home and can even guide friends from the door to the living room.




Aido can hear you even in noisy environments and he can manoeuvre around pets, floors, and, carpets.




Aido has a unique visual manager that lets you create sets of activities for weekdays, or your vacation time.




Keep your home safe & healthy.




Beam a movie or a game.




Your personal doorman.




Call out. He will come.




Teach him new chores.













































STORY TELLER




Aido has a storyteller module that can read and perform stories from around the world.












PERSONAL ASSISTANT




Aido keeps track of your schedule through the day. He reminds you of important meetings, and can also reschedule your calendar easily












HOME SECURITY




Aido patrols your home when you are away. Smart intruder alerts, powerful sensors and synchronization with modern security systems let Aido keep your home safe.












A NEW FAMILY MEMBER




Aido blends into your family and is a helper and a friend when you need one.

















TRANSFORM YOUR HOME




With his high fidelity speakers and HD projector, Aido can roll over to any place you like and stream/download and project your favorite entertainment.








BOOMBOX







HOME THEATRE









GAMES







STORY TELLER



















AIDO AT A GLANCE





3D VIEW




DESIGN




MOVEMENT





























ELEGANT MOVEMENT




Aido balances himself on a ball and can maneuver around furniture, and other minor obstacles in your house. Aido’s omni-directional ball also lets him navigate complex spaces without turning around.
 














AIDO
    by Aido
    on Sketchfab












TEACH HIM CHORES




Aido has a unique visual manager that lets you create sets of activities for weekdays, or your vacation time, including environment monitoring, and, patrol paths. He comes with pre-loaded software for family health, kitchen,house maintenance and more.





ADJUST HEATER TEMPERATURE




SUGGEST RECIPES




DIM LIGHTS











TRAFFIC UPDATE




PATROL




START MUSIC











 
Aido detects if temperature is below a particular value, if yes, it can send an email and switch on heater and then patrol.




TEMPERATURE CHECK




SWITCH HEATER ON




EMAIL JIM




PATROL HOUSE




HOW AIDO AUTOMATES YOUR HOME: AN EXAMPLE














TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS










Physical Specification
 
Total height  :  914 mm
Top height  :  320 mm
Bottom height (w/o wheel)  :  554 mm
Net weight  :  8 Kg
4 degree of motion
 
Computers
 
CPU1: Quad Core ARM7 @ 1.6 Ghz
RAM :1GB DDR3 RAM
Storage: 32GB MicroSD
 
CPU2: Quad Core ARM7 @ 1.6 Ghz
RAM :1GB DDR3 RAM
 
CPU3: Dual-core A23 @ 1.5Ghz
RAM: 512MB
 
GPU1: MaliMP2 GPU at 600 MHz
GPU2: PowerVR SGX540 at 500MHz
GPU3: MaliMP2 GPU at 600 Mz
 
Connectivity
 
WiFi: 802.11b/g/n
Bluetooth: Yes
USB  :  5 external USB port
Protocols : ZigBee, Z-Wave, WiFi and BLE
Universal IR Remote : Supports 1000+ Devices
 
All Day Battery
 
Up to 8 Hours battery life*.
Up to 2 Hours battery life for mobility*.






Sensors and Inputs
 
Microphones  :  6 Capsule Microphone Array
Gravity Sensor  :  4-dimensional  G-sensor
 
Environment Sensors : Temperature , Humidity,
Ambient light , Air quality,  GPS, Noise, Pressure
 
Camera 1  : 5 MP  camera
Camera 2  : 1 MP 30 FPS Infrared vision
Camera 3 & 4 (Tablet)  : 0.3 MP  Camera
 
Displays
 
Projector 1  : Head mounted LED DLP (320x240)
Projection :  0.2 - 2 Mts / 21’ ’  ( 10 Lumens )
 
Projector 2: Body mounted LED DLP (640x480)
Projection  :  1- 3.5 Mts / 100’’ ( 100 Lumens )
 
Screen  :  7” Touch Screen (800x400 )
 
Software
 
Operating Systems:  Android and Linux
Compatible with All Android Apps
 
Apps : House Maintenance, Kitchen Assistant, Medication and Health, and, Personal Assistant
 
Butler, Escort and Tag Mode
Task Automation
Way points and Points of interest
Patrol Paths /Escort Paths
 
Indoor Mapping : WiFi and Object Recognition Based








OUR STORY







How Aido came to life


















DESIGN INSPIRATION
Aido's ergonomic design was inspired by the gentle curves of a dolphin. Dolphins also inspire Aido's affable personality, that makes it a great companion at home.




RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
Building Aido meant solving a lot of really hard engineering challenges. We have scoured the research labs of the biggest companies and most exciting startups for the latest and greatest technologies to create Aido










Here's what they said






HEAR FROM THE EARLY TESTERS





















"He could help my dad remember stuff, get his appointments in order and help him have a nice time."




Mihou, Entrepreneur, Romania






“Aido sounds easy-to-use, beautiful to look at and he seems engineered to connect and take advantage of most of the advanced technologies in my home now”




Chou, Logistics Director, a firm in Taiwan






"I can teach Aido really useful tasks at home, like sending me a picture when my cat is making a fuss for example"




Susan, 28, Marketing consultant at a Silicon Valley startup


















Learn more about the industry experts behind Aido's creation.






TEAM BEHIND AIDO























ARSHAD HISHAM




FOUNDER/CEO




Mr. Hisham is a serial entrepreneur and a Cranfield University (UK) MBA. He has built and run hardware automation companies. He has published research papers on Robotics and has held senior roles in the past at IBM, Govt. of Australia, and Toyota. Mr. Hisham is a frequent speaker on the Robotics most recently as a keynote speaker at the annual IEEE Robotics Symposium, Boston Consulting Group’s annual AI and machine learning event as well as at the industry-leading Robo-Business event among others.







TILBIN PAUL




INDUSTRIAL DESIGNER




An Innovative and effective industrial designer with expertise in coming up with radical and ground breaking designs in Human-Machine interfaces and machines including consumer products, transportation and automotive sector.







KARPAGARAJAN NATARAJAN




VP OPERATIONS




MBA with more than 10 years of experience in operations, and management in high growth companies.
He was the Turn around manager for a large organisation , where he managed more than 200 employees.









Sumeendranath R.




Software Engineering & AI




A Texas Instruments alumnus with more than 15 years experience of creating ground breaking technologies including a UNDP showcased project, complex electoral polling, GPS based data collection and state-of-the-art applications. Experience also involved developing AI/software for Soccer based Robots.







ANURAG PAL




CFO




Experienced finance professional with extensive operational, finance and sales and marketing background. Texas Austin MBA and previous roles include Director at Hewlett Packard.







Hareesh S




Hardware & Engineering




A hardware and electronics specialist with more than 15 years experience in development of machine control, firmware for special purpose machines, PLC programming., weapon simulators for the Army, control systems for truck driving simulators, and special purpose motors. Previous projects include Traab Engineering, Autoliv, Digicon, GKB Lenses, and, the Army.









Sabir A.




Mechanical Engineering




A Texas Instruments alumnus with more than 15 years experience of creating ground breaking technologies including a UNDP showcased project, complex electoral polling, GPS based data collection and state-of-the-art applications. Experience also involved developing AI/software for Soccer based Robots.










<








>













BE PART OF ROBOTICS REVOLUTION!




Since day one, the goal of InGen Dynamics has been to build a useful, affordable and an advanced home robot . A beautifully crafted home robot that is a showpiece for robotic innovation. The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is truly underway, and the next five years would set the stage for how these robots could fundamentally transform our homes and daily lives. We strongly believe that Aido will be a central part of this revolution and want to put an Aido in every home!.
 
CLICK BELOW to learn how easy it is to join the crowd and own a piece of the makers of the Aido Robot!



LEARN MORE












Copyright 2016 InGen Dynamics Inc All Rights Reserved















Privacy Policy
Annual Report






































Aido | Aido Robot 


























BLOG

FAQ
EXPLORE
CONTACT
PRESS
PRE-ORDER







1. General


2. Technicals


3. Functionality


4. Ballbot


5. Safety


6. Schedule




GENERAL





What can I do with Aido?Aido has state-of-the-art custom display technology, an interactive projector system, advanced speech recognition, face detection, an incredible personal AI & seamless integration with all your home automation and security needs. With Aido, you can: Use the interactive projector to project movies, games & other content on a wall. Use gestures to play games or control playback of media.Use voice control to call Aido to you and give it commands. Aido has a set of powerful mics that let it listen to your voice, even in noisy environments, and a ball-based navigation system that allows it to traverse your homeUse Aido’s universal remote to control your home appliances like TV, home theatre system, etc.Connect Aido to your smart devices that support Zigbee, Z-Wave or DLNA and control them through Aido.For instance, you can ask Aido to reduce the room temperature, and show you who’s at the door (if you have a smart home camera).Ask Aido to escort guests from the door into your living roomAsk Aido to display a recipe over the projector to help you whip up a new dishGet Aido to take pictures of your friends at home and post it to your Facebook pageAsk Aido to download playlists from Spotify and play DJ for your partiesRead out stories to your kids using its storytelling featurePatrol your home when you’re away and send a notification or photograph if there’s an intruderGet a reading of temperature, pressure, air quality, etc. across your home For more Info, watch the video here.
How easy is it to set up and use Aido?You can quickly setup Aido through its mobile companion app. We aim to make Aido simple to setup and use.
What comes in the box?Aido, the friendly home robotChargerSmart appliance kit (optional)Smart ball for pet lovers (optional)Custom skin kit (optional)Charging dock (optional)
What does Aido’s tabletop mode let me do?We know that there are times when you’d just have Aido on your desk, helping out with chores. Aido comes with a detachable ‘head’ section that can be easily pulled out and placed on a table. The tabletop mode for Aido lets you use most of Aido’s functionality, including:Use voice commands to control AidoControl your TV, home theatre system and more using Aido’s universal remote functionality (note: Aido needs to be in line of sight of the devices)Control your smart devices that support standards like Zigbee, Z-Wave, BLE, Wi-Fi & DLNAUse the interactive projector for gesture based tasksUse the (optional) HD multimedia projector for enjoying mediaUse sensors to trigger alerts in case of fire, smoke or excessive noise Aido’s tabletop mode has a battery life of approximately 8 hours*. 
What does the smart charging dock do? ​Having to remember to charge devices is such a chore. One of Aido’s cool features is the smart charging dock. When Aido runs low on charge, Aido can automatically detect the charging dock and plug itself in.Aido’s dock has a specially designed set of two charging rings, one of positive polarity and the other negativeThe charging rings are designed in a semi-circular fashion to increase probability of touching Aido’s charging circuits, no matter how Aido rolls into the dockThe charging rings have special circuitry to prevent a short circuit in case it encounters a foreign objectOnce Aido rolls into the dock, the charging rings are activated and drive charge to Aido. The charging dock is also designed to make it easy for Aido to plug itself into and out of the dock. 
Can I give Aido a different name?For now, you will have to call him by his name Aido to interact with him. Name customization will be available in the future. 
Can I turn Aido off?You can ask Aido to go to sleep, and he will turn off all functionality barring navigation, haptic sensors and voice recognition. Aido springs back to life when you ask him to wake up or tap him.
What can I use Aido’s smart appliance kit for?Aido's smart appliance kit allows you to control appliances that do not have interactive capabilities built in. Aido's smart appliance kit consists of: 3 smart plugs: Plug your appliance like an A/C or a water heater into the smart plug. Aido let's you turn them on or off, schedule timings or set triggers.  For example, you can program Aido to turn on the water heater 10 minutes before your alarm goes off in the morning.  If you forget to turn it off, Aido can send a notification on your companion iOS/Android app, and and you can turn off the appliance using the app. 2 smart bulbs: Replace your regular bulbs with the smart bulbs, and control features like light dimming or turning lights on/off using Aido. For example, you can program lights to dim automatically when you turn the TV on or after a certain time of the day or by sensing ambient light.
What is Aido’s smart ball accessory for?Aido comes with an optional smart ball accessory for pet lovers. You can control the ball using voice commands or through Aido’s companion app on iOS/Android and make it roll around home for your pets to play with. The smart ball is durable and waterproof so your dog can pick it up in their mouth or drop it his/her water-bowl and it won’t cause any damage.
What can I do with the Aido companion app?You can set a lot of Aido’s functionality or view alerts of what’s happening at home using the Aido companion app. Aido’s companion app lets you set:Patrol paths for Aido to traverseTurn on/off connected smart devicesGet Aido to charge before you’re homeDesign triggers for which you can receive alertsSchedule events like movie download/playback at particular timesCreate weekday/weekend routinesCreate preferences for family members Aido’s companion app lets you view alerts for: Change in parameters like air quality, noise, etc.Images/video of your homeNotifications when someone’s at the door (if connected to a smart door camera)If you do not have a smart camera, Aido can go and peek through a window, take a photo of the visitor and stream it to your phone.
Who is Aido designed for?Aido is designed for everyone: Adults, Kids, Seniors, Families, Geeks and Developers.
Is Aido male or female?Aido has a male gender.
What colors are available in the box?Currently Aido is white. We may have more colors at a later date.





TECHNICALS





What devices are compatible with Aido?We don’t have the official compatibility listing yet, but popular Android and iOS devices will be supported for the companion app. You can set a lot of Aido’s functionality or view alerts of what’s happening at home using the Aido companion app. Aido’s companion app lets you set:Patrol paths for Aido to traverseTurn on/off connected smart devicesGet Aido to charge before you’re homeDesign triggers for which you can receive alertsSchedule events like movie download/playback at particular timesCreate weekday/weekend routinesCreate preferences for family members Aido’s companion app lets you view alerts for:Change in parameters like air quality, noise, etc.Images/video of your homeNotifications when someone’s at the door (if connected to a smart door camera)And more
How rugged is Aido?Aido is pretty tough and goes through extensive hardware testing. We do ask that you take reasonable care and avoid hard drops, knocking Aido hard, water, and other situations that could damage Aido. Keep Aido away from long exposure to sunlight. Aido’s touchscreen is made of glass, and requires the same caution that you would use with a tablet or phone screen.Aido’s ball base can traverse carpets and flat surfaces. We however, recommend that you keep your floor clean for Aido’s mobility to work well. Aido may have problems navigating spills or water on the floor, so we ask that you keep Aido away from areas like bathrooms, and clear up spills quickly.Aido is a sophisticated electronic device, so we’d expect you to keep Aido safe from water and coffee spills.
Can I throw the smart ball?While the smart ball has been designed to withstand drops and shocks, we recommend you roll the smart ball and control it with Aido for the best play experience.
How fast can Aido move?Aido’s speed depends on the friction on the surface he moves on, and whether there are obstacles on the ground. We are still clocking Aido’s speed on a set of surfaces, and will update details on our website.
How does Aido find his way to the smart charging dock?Docking Aido isn’t easy, and our team had to work through multiple challenges to get this to work well. Our patent pending approach involves three phases to dock Aido: Initial ranging is done based on Wi-Fi signal strength tracking and object recognitionOnce Aido reaches the room where the smart dock is, he tracks IR beacons from the smart dock. When the IR beacons are locked, they guide Aido towards the smart dock.The smart dock also has a small laser diode. Closer to the dock, Aido tries locking into this signal. This helps Aido judge the orientation and entry into the dock
How does Aido’s charging dock work?The easiest way to charge Aido is to use the optional smart charging dock that lets Aido charge autonomously: Aido’s dock has a specially designed set of two charging rings, one of positive polarity and the other negativeThe charging rings are designed in a semi-circular fashion to increase probability of touching Aido’s charging circuits, no matter how Aido rolls into the dockThe charging rings have special circuitry to prevent a short circuit in case it encounters a foreign objectOnce Aido rolls into the dock, the charging rings are activated and drive charge to Aido.
What processor and OS does Aido run on?Aido’s core system runs on two quad-core 1.6GHz processors, each with 1GB DDR RAM. Aido’s core operating system is a headless version of Ubuntu. We have removed unnecessary drivers & modules that Aido doesn’t need. We are calling this version OpenAido, and will be releasing this back under an open source license so that other robotics solutions can use the same system. Aido’s Android front-end runs on a Rockwell chip with 512MB RAM. This is a version of Android Lollipop with a custom UI interface for rich interactions with users.
How much storage does Aido have?Aido supports 32GB of internal storage.
Can I add more storage to Aido?Aido comes with 5 external USB ports. You can connect a USB drive or a portable hard disk to increase Aido’s storage.
How do Linux and Android talk to each other?Linux and Android communicate over a secure VPN at all times.If there is a Wi-Fi connection available, both systems connect to it and communicate over this.If there is no Wi-Fi network available, the Linux system acts as a WiFi hotspot and the Android system connects to it as a client.
What APIs are available to extend Aido? Can I hack into the Linux system?Aido will be providing a standard SDK and APIs for basic control and some user defined programs. All access will be provided through a custom  wrapper to keep Aido secure. Exact details will be released shortly.
How is the Developer Edition different from the Regular Edition?Developers will have early access to our SDK, including libraries, headers, documentation, samples for integrating Aido and most importantly, the support of our team. Developers are also the first to receive Aido upon shipping.
How do I get information and support as a developer?When you pre-order an Aido Developer Edition, you will become a full member of our Aido Developers community. Dedicated members of our team will provide additional support to those who enrol in the Aido Developer Community.
Why do you have two projectors on Aido?Aido has an in-built head mounted interactive projector that lets you engage with your projected content. And it comes with an (optional) HD multimedia projector that is designed for multimedia usage. The head mounted interactive projector is designed for quick on/off operations. You could ask Aido to do a Google search and show you results. Since the projector has gesture recognition built in, you can flick to see more results or tap in the air to open a particular link.The interactive projector is also of great use in the kitchen. You can ask Aido to show you a recipe, and as you’re cooking, use the swipe gesture to look through instructions as you go along.The interactive projector lets you play quick and fun gesture based games.The HD multimedia projector is designed for entertainment buffs. The HD multimedia projector lets you watch media by projecting it on a wall at a distance of up to 3.5m. Since Aido can move around on its own, you can ask Aido to project media near where you sit, or call your friends over and play a movie to enjoy with your drinks.
What sensors does Aido have? How can they be used?Aido comes with a powerful set of sensors. These let you quantify parameters around your home and instruct Aido to take corrective action, if required. Aido has sensors for: Air QualityTemperatureHumidityNoiseAmbient LightPressureGravity (4-axis G-sensor) Aido’s air quality sensor measures real indoor pollution rather than just CO2 levels. The temperature sensor lets you measure and track temperature for each room or area in the house. Aido’s light sensor tracks ambient light and duration. The sensor data can be used in the Task Automator to trigger functions (Eg: turn heater on when temperature dips below a certain threshold). Aido’s sensors also serve well in its patrol mode. You can set Aido to patrol your home when you aren’t around. Aido can take regular readings of the vital statistics of your home. It can also look for signs of unusual activity and send you a notification if there’s an intruder or if there’s fire/smoke.
Why do you have two batteries in Aido? How do they work together?Aido has a unique dual-battery design - half lead-acid and half nickel-cadmium, to balance the two requirements of a battery for a device like this - a) it should charge fast and b) it should retain power over long periods of time. Both battery packs are in hot standby mode. Aido also has a patent pending power management board. Aido’s battery should last about 8 hours* on regular usage, including 2 hours* of mobility
Is the face a custom skin on Android?Our team has studied a lot of research material about how robots and humans interact. We designed the UI to be a friendly, approachable and communicative interface. The UI is also designed so that you can see it from across the room. We expect that a lot of the interactions with Aido happen over voice, so the UI accommodates various possibilities of using voice, gestures and touch. The UI layer is built on top of Android, so all your Google Play Store apps will run without problems on Aido.
How does the interactive projector work?The interactive projector uses the infrared blaster to illuminate the area in front of the projector. It also has an IR camera detector built in. When you make gestures in front of the interactive projector, your arm bounces off infrared rays that the detector reads, and depending on the UI state, it recognizes actions.
How does Aido understand what we say?We believe that voice will play a huge role in making robots more useful. When designing Aido, we focused on ensuring that users could talk to Aido, and Aido could reply back in a conversational & more personal manner: Aido has a 6 mic array set around a circular base with a dedicated hardware chip for listening to human voice, even in noisy environments. It is the same design that many smart TVs use to allow users to control functions using voice.Aido uses a leading 3rd party speech engine based on a custom deep neural net architecture for continuous speech recognition.This allows Aido to listen to commands and parse them into instructions that Aido understands.
What does Aido use for image recognition?Image or object recognition is key for a autonomous robot like Aido. Aido needs to identify items when navigating and decide real time how to avoid them when it’s moving. We scouted around for software to help with this, and chose Uncanny vision’s offline image recognition library to power Aido’s image recognition. Uncanny Vision is a technology firm based out of Japan and India that has over 25 years of experience in the Computer Vision area. Some key advantages are: Uncanny Vision’s image recognition library recognizes over 3000 objectsThe library runs offline with a low memory footprint. Aido is able to recognize objects up to 10x faster than conventional methods using SIMD instructions. Offline recognition also cuts out network latency and makes the image recognition more stable.Another advantage of the low latency is that it allows Aido to do a frame-by-frame comparison of visual input. Using this, Aido is able to figure out if there are moving objects in the frame. If these are in the path it has to traverse, Aido stops to avoid a collision.
How does the scene recognition work?If you were to look out your at this moment, you might see a landscape that includes a number of trees, a few buildings, pedestrians on the road and a dustbin. Turning your gaze the other direction, you may see a lake, a bus stop, a dog, and an arriving Bus. Even though you are seeing objects, what you see in each view is more than just a group of objects—it is a composite item we label a “scene.”. Object recognition and face recognition algorithms have reached near human performance in good lighting. Till a while ago, computer vision was largely limited to recognizing individual objects. Current advances in artificial intelligence have created software capable of recognizing and describing the content of photographs and videos with far greater accuracy than ever before, sometimes even mimicking human levels of understanding. This new class of software called "Scene Recognition" can teach itself to identify entire scenes: a group of young men playing football, for example, or a group of pedestrians waiting to cross the road. The software then writes a caption in English describing the picture. Compared with human observations the computer-written descriptions are surprisingly accurate. With scene recognition, you’re trying to tell the story behind the image. A natural scene will be very complex, and you want to pick out the most important objects in the image. Aido uses libraries from a leading Vision Vendor to do scene recognition.
How does the Task Automator work in Aido?he Task Automator presents the user with an array of built-in options to use in a visual interface. With the Task Automator, you can:Select predefined task flows from a large list of templatesAdd and save your own template listShare and download new task flows from the Android Store The Task Automator can accommodate just about any type of simple or complex automation, without the need to create batch files or write complicated scripts, as it uses a visual interface that lets you simply select and combine action to fit your needs. There is a wide range of actions for working with files, Internet, ftp, email, datasets and much more. Conditional actions allow you to execute tasks automatically when triggered (eg. if an intruder is detected, if your internet connection goes down, if there is new email, and more). You can choose to receive alerts on your mobile phone app as well. Examples includeDisplaying an alert when you receive an email from a particular friendAutomatically project your news feed 10 minutes after your alarm goes offCapture and send you a photograph if an intruder alert is triggered
Does Aido support weekday and weekend schedules?Aido’s visual Task Automator lets you create actions using simple drag-and-drop. You can trigger actions on an event or on a particular day. You can create schedules for weekdays, weekends, holidays or any specific pattern you choose (wake up half an hour earlier on Monday if you choose to). For example, you can set a weekday schedule on Aido to:Turn the alarm on at 6:30 AM. You can program it to show a video of your favourite holiday spot, play music or even turn the lights on gradually to wake you up.Turn on the water heater 10 minutes before the alarmCheck your calendar and let you know of any traffic alerts in the morning you should be aware ofAutomatically patrol home every hour after you’ve left for officeSend alerts to you in case of an intruder, fire, smoke or excessive noise In the Task Automator, Aido supports integration to:All smart devices (Aido connects using Zigbee, BLE, Wi-Fi, Z-Wave or DLNA)A vast suite of devices with an infrared remote control (including TV, microwaves, music systems, and more)Integration of other appliances using the optional smart plugs (plug your water heater into the smart plug and control it using Aido)Online services using IFTTT ​
Can both projectors work at the same time?No. Though you can switch between the two projectors.
What smart device standards does Aido support?Aido supports Zigbee, DLNA, WiFi, Z-Wave*, Bluetooth and IR. *Z-Wave support may vary as per your country. Together, these let Aido communicate with over 10000 smart devices.
I have an Apple Homekit based setup. Will Aido work with this?As of now, Aido does not support Apple’s Homekit. We are working on the issue.





BALL-BOT & MOVEMENT





How does the ballbot design work?We chose a ballbot design for Aido’s mobility as it suited the home environment well: Balancing Aido on a single ball means it is easy to spin around a central axis, so turning Aido around is much simpler.With a single ball base, Aido is able to move out of the way quickly if it bumps into something.By balancing forces between Aido’s body and the ball, Aido can navigate floors & even carpets.With software, we can make sure Aido is balanced when at rest or when moving.Aido is never really still, even when it is standing. It constantly equilibrates by slowly revolving the ball underneath its center of gravity. If Aido has to stand for an extended period of time, retractable legs pop up to support Aido.
Will Aido topple over if I push it hard?Aido counters sudden changes to its balance (a tilt of more than 8 degrees) with a set of retractable legs that spring out from the base to prevent it from keeling over. Push Aido, and the legs will spring out to provide immediate support. Aido will quickly try to stabilize by itself and draw the legs back in. When Aido is stationary for a long time, it uses the legs to support itself. The legs also offer support when Aido is charging.
How does Aido know where he is in the house?Aido uses a combination of technologies to determine his location at home: When Aido is powered up the first time, he fingerprints Wi-Fi signals across the house. He uses Wi-Fi signal strength as the primary marker to identify different rooms.Aido will prompt you with list of Wi-Fi spots he identifies. You can select  the Wi-Fi spots at your home, and guide Aido to the physical locations of the WiFi acess points.Aido also uses IR and object recognition to build a topographic map of your house, including elements like furniture, doors  & structure of rooms. Aido maintains these in a navigation database.Before moving, Aido also does a frame-by-frame evaluation of the room to determine if there are moving objects, or if anything has changed.Aido continually updates the database entries for all recognized and unrecognized obstacles.
How does Aido navigate around home on its own?Aido does a Wi-Fi scan and builds a database of Wi-Fi signals and strengths (Aido does not store any sensitive data like passwords or what is being communicated. He only uses Wi-Fi signals to build a map of your home) when you first turn him on. You can setup waypoints by taking Aido to various spots at home. For example, you can get Aido to your kitchen and mark a spot as ‘Kitchen’. Aido stores this entry with a Wi-Fi fingerprint, so it can navigate there later if required.When you ask Aido to navigate between rooms, he builds a path between way points.Aido also uses IR and object recognition to build a topographic map of your house, including elements like furniture, doors  & structure of rooms. Aido maintains these in a navigation database. Aido judges the space between obstacles, and if it is sufficient for him to traverse, will plot a path between them. Note: Aido can’t climb steps. Aido’s inbuilt edge detector warns him if there is a steep change in elevation ahead, and he will stop before he reaches the edge.
How does Aido avoid obstacles along the path?Aido uses a combination of technologies to detect obstacles: Aido uses IR and object recognition to build a topographic map of your house, including elements like furniture, doors  & structure of rooms. Aido maintains these in a navigation database. He judges the space between obstacles, and if it is sufficient for him to traverse, will plot a path between them.When you ask Aido to move, or if Aido needs to patrol, Aido does a constant frame-by-frame visual comparison for moving objects like pets or people as well as stationary objects. If Aido finds a moving object nearby, he will wait for it to move out of the way before proceeding.Aido has sophisticated edge detection built in that prevents him from spinning uselessly when he encounters an intractable obstacle like a staircase. Edge detection also allows Aido to course correct around obstacles like chairs & tables. 
How does Aido’s patrol mode work?You can set up waypoints or end points at home the first time you get Aido home. For example, by setting up an end point as main door, you can ask Aido to get the door. With a waypoint in the kitchen, you can ask Aido to get to the kitchen. And so on. Once the way points are set, you can set specific patrol paths as Aido’s beat at specific times.Aido also listens keenly to events like glass breaking or explosions and can navigate to the location and send photos and alerts.We also factored in use cases where people may be walking around home, or Aido has to navigate around pets prancing at home. Aido waits for the person or pet to move out of its path. In case Aido is pushed accidentally, Aido tries self-balancing on its base.
Does Aido work on carpets? What about transitioning from hardwood floor onto a carpet?Aido’s ballbot can accommodate change in flooring and slight changes in elevation. Aido gently rolls off the carpet onto your floor.





SECURITY & PRIVACY





Aido seems to connect with all my smart home utilities. What security protocols does it support? How can I be sure it will not be hacked?Aido uses SSL encryption to secure personal data sent to and from the cloud; Aido uses 256-bit AES encryption in the cloud; and digital certificates are used to authenticate devices.
What programming language to I need to know if I want to extend Aido?The Aido SDK requires knowledge of the Python and C programming languages, and knowledge of how to build Android apps.
I’m concerned about how much Aido will get to know about me and my home. How does Aido protect my privacy?Aido only collects data it needs, keeps it encrypted, and doesn’t transmit any personal data back to our servers. All sensitive data like passwords are encrypted with 256-bit AES encryption to ensure that no one can ever gain access to them. Aido may collect some data anonymously for purposes of improving the product. You will have control of how much data Aido shares with us and can turn off sharing if you like.
Can someone watch or listen to me?Aido robots have cameras and microphones that are used to interact with users and to provide the photography and messaging applications. The only way for a remote user to enable the camera or microphone is through an authenticated Aido app on their mobile. Aido’s user interface makes it very clear to a user when they are engaged in a video or audio chat with others.





FUNCTIONALITY





What devices can I connect to Aido?Aido can control over 10,000 smart home appliances using Wifi, BLE, ZigBee and Z-Wave*. Aido can talk to various devices*, including:DVD/VCRCD changerLaserdisc playerAmplifierTape deckGame consoleComputerLight controllerClimate controllerCable boxSatellite boxSmart CookersRefrigeratorWashing machinestoves and more *Depending on standards supported by the devices. Z-Wave Plus may not be supported in all countries. Please check what standard your device supports. Get back to us if you want any more details.
Does Aido have a speaker system in built?Aido is engineered to deliver amazing rich, detailed audio. A 2" woofer, dual tweeters and 10-watt amplifier generate an incredible spacious sound for all types of sound effects and music.
Will Aido work with Google Chromecast?This is a priority area for us. We will be focusing on making this to work.
Will Aido work with Airplay?This is a priority area for us, and we will be focusing on getting this to work.
How long will Aido’s battery last?Aido has a unique dual-battery design - half lead-acid and half nickel-cadmium, to balance the two requirements of a battery for a device like this - a) it should charge fast and b) it should retain power over long periods of time. Aido’s battery should last about 8 hours* on regular usage, including 2 hours* of mobility 
How long will Aido take to charge?When Aido is charged the first time, it will take up to 12 hours to charge fully. Subsequently, we expect Aido to take about 4-5 hours to charge on a daily basis. We recommend using Aido’s optional smart dock to have Aido charged through the night. We recommend using Aido’s smart dock to ensure that Aido is adequately charged through the night. 
What was the inspiration behind Aido?Dolphins are highly social animals, living in groups. Dolphins teach, learn and cooperate amongst themselves. They are known to form strong bonds, not only with their own species, but also with others. In addition to the behavioral aspects of dolphins, which we felt were a great fit with what Aido stood for, we took inspiration from the shape of the dolphins. ​
What entertainment features does Aido have?A mobile Boombox and home theater systemAido is also engineered to deliver amazing rich, detailed audio. A 2” woofer, dual tweeters and a 10-watt amplifier generate an incredible spacious sound for all types of sound effects and music. Integrates with all streaming music sitesLet Aido set the mood with your ‘Honey I’m home and I need to relax’ playlist. Powerful Video ProjectorNever ever miss a football game. Aido can project it onto the nearest wall while you prepare lunch for the family. Read Aloud ModeAido can read ebooks to you while you are engaged in your latest home improvement project. Read bedtime stories to your children when you are away from home on a business trip. Interactive gamingTry and match your wits against Aido in an interactive game of chess. Aido can project game boards which you can interact with. 
What streaming accounts does Aido support?Aido runs Android as its front end, so it supports all accounts that Android does.
What media does Aido run?Aido runs Android as its front end, so it supports all formats that Android does.
If I don’t buy the HD multimedia projector, will I lose any major functionality?No. Aido without the HD multimedia projector is a joy to have around home as well. You can still use the head projector, home theatre system and music/movie streaming for entertainment. Aido will support gesture based interactive gaming, full mobility, the table top mode and the full range of Android apps. You will miss out on the ability to project and watch movies with your friends, being able to read your newsfeed through the projector and other fun things with the projector.
What apps come preloaded with Aido?Aido comes with a wide range of apps to help at home: Story Teller - Story Teller is an iMarvel storybooks customised for interactive projector /lighting effects. This brings to life your child’s favourite fairy tales, folk stories and timeless classics with brilliant illustrations, read along text and voice narration that’s perfect for kids of all ages – no parents required! Little ones will love the vivid storytelling through the interactive books that actually read themselves. This comes loaded with a diverse collection of stories from across the world. Cinderella, Snow White,The Ugly Duckling, Hansel and Gretel, The Three Little Pigs, Jack and the Beanstalk and Little Red Riding Hood are some of the classic fairy tale titles available. There is a large collection of academic/educational books. Party mixer & DJ - Access and mix millions of tracks from SoundCloud and Deezer. Realize professional-like transitions thanks to the crossfader. Match the beats manually or click on the Sync button to synchronize the bpm (beats per minute) of your tracks and achieve seamless transitions. Add all the effects you like and keep reinventing the music you love! Scratch or add special DJ sound effects to enrich your mix and create new sounds! Enjoy a wide range of free DJ sound effects FX: scratch,  anger, pitch, equalizer, cue point, loop, echo. You can also get more awesome DJ effects via our in-app Store! Finally, record your mixes and share them with your friends on Facebook, Twitter and Google+ thanks to the “Sharing” feature. You can record up to a whole hour of mixing. Recipe Manager - Sync with your Epicurious and AllRecipes account. Scan phone bookmarks and import recipe from your favorite food blogs View photos of the final dish. Switch to step-by-step mode, see what you should be doing now.Diet Whiz - Diet Whiz is a personal health logbook that helps you keep track of the foods you eat every day. Diet Whiz calculates the elements of your diet, such as fat, carbohydrates, cholesterol, fibre, and calcium. At the end of the day, record your daily food intake by choosing what you ate from Diet Whiz’s comprehensive list. You’ll get a pie chart showing the nutritional value of your diet. The program also lets you enter custom foods and their nutritional information. Grocery Helper - Helps you create and manage multiple grocery lists, making it the perfect tool for those who shop at various food stores or specialty shops. You can make a master list of items you frequently buy and add them to any grocery list. Print the grocery list, Sync it with your phone, and take it with you to the store. Timer Wizard - You can set timers for each of the burners on your stove separately and your oven -- as well as for other domestic tasks, such as the end of your washer and dryer cycles. The greatest thing about Kitchen Timer is that you can set custom timers for foods you cook often. BarTender - BarWare, which lets you search 1000 drink recipes for various liquors, garnishes, and mix- ers. It also includes an instructional bar guide, a bar dictionary, and a printing feature. Virtual Wine manager - If you’re a wine enthusiast with your own collection, then Virtual Wine Manager is the pro- gram for you. This app keeps track of every bottle, lets you import a picture of the bottle’s label, and even alerts you when your wine has reached maturity. On top of that, you can calculate the value of your wine cellar and individual bottles. House Repairs and Maintenance - Home Repairs alerts you to items in your home that need repair or inspection according to a schedule set by you. Choose from the application’s prede ned list of suggested items and how to care for them or create your own. Maintain a service history for all items along with details of the repairman, cost and date last serviced. You will never need to wonder when it was that you last replaced the shingles on the roof. It is your one-stop shop for all your home’s maintenance needs. Be visually alerted to the items needing service and due date Maintain service history of each item with service company information, date performed and cost.Follow suggested time period for inspection/repair of each item or set your own time schedule and more. Ebook Reader - Aido comes pre-loaded with Aldiko, Google Play Books and Kindle Personal Research Assistant - We’ve all been there many times before. You want to write a new blog post, work on an assignment or simply just need some research done on a particular topic PRA is an easy-to-use tool to help you collect, organize, cite, and share your research sources. PRA collects all your research in a single, searchable interface. You can add PDFs, images, audio and video  les, snapshots of web pages, and really anything else. PRA automatically indexes the full-text content of your library, enabling you to find exactly what you’re looking for. Note: InGen Dynamics may change the list of preloaded apps before shipping at its discretion.
I have an iPhone. Will you have an Aido app for it?Yes, we will have the Aido companion app available for iPhones and Android phones.
How does the Task Automator work in Aido?The Task Automator presents the user with an array of built-in options to use in a visual interface. With the Task Automator, you can:Select predefined task flows from a large list of templatesAdd and save your own template listShare and download new task flows from the Android Store The Task Automator can accommodate just about any type of simple or complex automation, without the need to create batch files or write complicated scripts, as it uses a visual interface that lets you simply select and combine action to fit your needs. There is a wide range of actions for working with files, internet, ftp, email, datasets and much more. Conditional actions allow you to execute tasks automatically when triggered (eg. if an intruder is detected, if your internet connection goes down, if there is new email, and more). You can choose to receive alerts on your mobile phone app as well. Examples includeDisplaying an alert when you receive an email from a particular friendAutomatically project your news feed 10 minutes after your alarm goes offCapture and send you a photograph if an intruder alert is triggered 





SCHEDULE





How much of Aido is already done?We have an amazing team working hard on Aido over the last couple of years. We started work on Aido by breaking up a lot of challenges into smaller components, and figuring out how to best tackle these. We used a combination of three approaches for building Aido:Open source: Instead of beginning from ground zero, we scoured open source projects to see what we could adapt for Aido. For example, Aido’s core operating system runs a modified version of Ubuntu.Licensing: We scoured the research labs of universities and spoke to startups and found that we could license great technology that would work great with what we wanted to do for Aido. For example, Aido’s object recognition runs software licensed from Uncanny Vision. With this, Aido can recognize over 3000 objectsCustom design: We’ve also been hard at work on custom hardware and software design. Our team has designed custom communication interfaces between Android (that runs Aido’s user interface) and Linux). We’ve engaged a design firm that has years of consumer user interface design experience, including some cutting edge work with the Microsoft Surface Table. As of the campaign launch date, we have a lot of the foundational pieces in place. While all the features in the video may not make it to the scheduled launch, we will be updating Aido’s software on a regular basis. We will also release a rich set of APIs that will help our developer community extend what Aido is capable of.
When will I receive my Aido?We plan to ship Aido around October 2016. You will be amongst the very select few to receive Aido first.
How much does shipping cost?We charge a standard shipping charge of $75 for the US. Customs, duties and other charges may apply for international shipments.
Does the price include VAT and other charges?For international customers, you are responsible for any VAT, tariff, duty, taxes, handling fees, brokerage charges, customs clearance charges, etc. required by your country for importing consumer goods.
Is Aido under warranty?All product specifications, illustrations, drawings, particulars, dimensions and other information on the Site or made available by us are intended to represent no more than a general illustration of the Product and its features and do not constitute a warranty or representation by us that the Product will conform with the same. InGen Dynamics will offer a 90 day warranty on Aido when it ships. Please note that this will not cover intentional damage.
Where can I buy Aido?Starting February 23 on Indiegogo!








Copyright 2016 InGen Dynamics Inc All Rights Reserved















Privacy Policy
Annual Report






















InGen Dynamics, Inc. | Crowdfunding Deals | Crowdability




















Sign Out
Log In












InGen Dynamics, Inc.
Next Generation Home Robot


Company Information

Website:
http://aidorobot.com/ 
Sector:
Consumer Electronics
Location:
Palo Alto, CA



Aido is an interactive personal home robot. 
The company is aiming to build an artificially intelligent, voice-activated personal-assistant that can feel touch, and display information using a built-in projection system.
It will come with solutions for home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and more.
The company's mission is to build a beautifully-crafted home robot that that is useful, affordable, and equipped with the most advanced technologies.
KEY FACTS
* $900,000  raised on Indiegogo
* Invited by Walt Disney to be showcased at its global innovation campus
* Three functional prototypes complete and a functional SDK released to early developers
Aido has gotten press in Forbes, Fortune, Mashable and many other outlets.
PLEASE NOTE:
Hardware start-ups can be very risky investments -- and this one is no different. 
Aido is a work in progress. It has not been fully built yet. The images you see on Aido's crowdfunding pages are very intriguing -- but they are representational only. 
As the company has warned: "Disclaimer: Aido is a work-in-progress and exact functionality and uses may be subject to change."
In addition, the company does not seem to have delivered what it was supposed to to its Indiegogo backers, and the comments on its Indiegogo page do not inspire great confidence:
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/aido-next-gen-home-robot--2#/comments
So if you're considering an investment, please proceed cautiously, and please read all the user-generated comments  at the bottom of the company's funding page on StartEngine.
THE MARKET
The Service Robotics market is expected to grow from $5.6B in 2014 to $22.5B in 2021 at a 18.8% CAGR.
USE CASES FOR AIDO
Aido is forecast to have a custom display technology, an interactive projector system, advanced speech recognition, face detection, AI, and seamless integration with home automation and security needs.
Other uses may include:
* Use the interactive projector to project movies, games & other content on a wall. Use gestures to play games or control playback of media.
* Use voice control to call Aido to you and give it commands. Aido has a set of powerful mics that let it listen to your voice, even in noisy environments
* Use Aido’s universal remote to control your home appliances like TV, home theatre system, etc.
* Connect Aido to your smart devices that support Zigbee, Z-Wave or DLNA and control them through Aido. For instance, you can ask Aido to reduce the room temperature, and show you who’s at the door (if you have a smart home camera).
* Ask Aido to escort guests from the door into your living room
* Ask Aido to display a recipe over the projector to help you whip up a new dish
* Get Aido to take pictures of your friends at home and post it to your Facebook page
* Ask Aido to download playlists from Spotify and play DJ for your parties
* Read out stories to your kids using its storytelling feature
* Patrol your home when you’re away and send a notification or photograph if there’s an intruder
* Get a reading of temperature, pressure, air quality, etc. across your home.


Team Background
Anurag Pal - CFO
Experienced professional with operational, finance and sales and marketing background. 
Previous roles include Director at Hewlett Packard.
MBA from University of Texas, Austin
Arshad Hisham - Founder, CEO
Mr. Hisham is a serial entrepreneur and a Cranfield University (UK) MBA. 
He has built and run hardware automation companies. 
He has published research papers on Robotics and has held senior roles in the past at IBM, Govt. of Australia, and Toyota. 
Mr. Hisham is a frequent speaker on the Robotics most recently as a keynote speaker at the annual IEEE Robotics Symposium, Boston Consulting Group’s annual AI and machine learning event as well as at the industry-leading Robo-Business event among others.
Sumeendranath R. - Leader - Software Engineering and A.I.
A Texas Instruments alumnus with more than 15 years experience of creating ground breaking technologies including a UNDP showcased project, complex electoral polling, GPS based data collection and state-of-the-art applications. 
Experience also involved developing AI/software for Soccer based Robots.
Sabir A. - Leader - Mechanical Engineering
A mechanical engineering consultant with around 25 years experience working with companies including General Electric, Emerson, UTC, RPDG, and, GoProto. 
Expert in New Product Development, Industrial Design, Mechanical Engineering, and Prototyping.
Hareesh S. - Leader - Hardware and Electronics
A hardware and electronics specialist with more than 15 years experience in development of machine control, firmware for special purpose machines, PLC programming, weapon simulators for the Army, control systems for truck driving simulators, and special purpose motors. 
Previous projects include Traab Engineering, Autoliv, Digicon, GKB Lenses, and the Army.





« Previous
Back to Deals
Next »

Learn more on Start Engine



 




Free Guide: Discover How to Invest in Companies Before the IPO…





Just enter your e-mail address below & get this guide instantly


















Learn All About Angel Investing Instantly

No thanks, I’d like to continue making next to nothing in the stock market.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















 Aido (InGen Dynamics, Inc.) - Crowdfund Research 




































































 























        






Due Diligence For
CROWDFUNDING












Press enter to begin your search 








Home
About
Contributors
Crowdfunding Portals
Submit a Campaign
 

Search 






















Aido (InGen Dynamics, Inc.)

By Jake FisherFebruary 7, 2017Due Diligence 




 No Comments


  0 
0        0      











Company Overview –
Aido is an interactive personal home robot. He’s an all-in-one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more.
*Souce: Start Engine



Company
Investment


Name: Ingen Dynamics inc.
Minimum Raise: $50K


CEO: Arshad Hisham
Maximum Raise: $1M


Company Founded: July 2015
Structure of Raise: Common Stock


Location: Palo Alto, CA
Valuation: $12M Pre-Money Valuation


Crowdfunding Portal: Start Engine
Minimum Investment: $141


Crowdfunding Link: https://www.startengine.com/startup/aido
 


Website: http://www.aidorobot.com/
 



Review Overview



Positives
Risks and Reservations


$900k in pre-orders
Ingen Dynamics does not currently have a working prototype of Aido.


Common stock in this offering includes voting rights
InGen Dynamics has repeatedly pushed the shipping date of the product


Company has established a 20% employee option pool
Outstanding SAFE issued for $10,000 with a valuation cap of $2.5M and 20% discount that has yet to be converted and will cause further dilution upon conversion.


Aidohas received multiple press acknowledgements
Ingen Dynamics has yet to file for provisional patents but claims they are in the process of filing.



Ingen Dynamics received payment from the indegogo campaign and has yet to fill the orders. As 2016 financials were not disclosed with this offering it is unknown if the capital has been spent leaving a liability for unfilled orders.



Problem
Currently, home robots are expensive and aren’t able to do all the tasks consumers want them to do.
Solution
Current:
InGen Dynamics will build a useful, affordable and advanced home robot, Aido. Aido can do everything from keeping your home secure to recognizing each family member and adjusting to their preferences.
Business Model
InGen Dynamics charges $1,499 for an Aido robot.
Traction

$800,000+ in pre-orders
Recipient of multiple awards including T3 Gamechanger of 2016
$900,000+ raised on Indiegogo & ranked #2 of the most successful home robot campaigns of all time
Invited by Walt Disney to be showcased at their global innovation campus
Recognized by major industry associations including IEEE, Boston Consulting Group, and Robo-Business
Three functional prototypes complete and a functional SDK released to early developers
Featured in major global research reports on Security and Home Robotics
*Source: Company provided on crowdfunding campaign website

Senior Management Team



 
Arshad Hisham
Anurag Pal


Position:
CEO & Founder
CFO


Ownership Percent:
98.5%
N/A


Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/arshadhisham
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anurag-pal-067aa



Summary:
Arshad is a frequent presenter on the topic of robotics and has previously held senior roles at IBM, the Government of Australia, and Toyota. CFO Anurag Pal is currently the CEO of Escalon as well as CEO of Accelcia Business Services according to his LinkedIn profile. Along with the two core members, Ingen also lists 3 other engineers as team members on their portal page.
Market Analysis
Industry: Consumer & Business Robots
TAM (Total Addressable Market): $1.5B by 2019
*Souce: Portal Page
Driving Trends: Service robotics market growth from $5.6B in 2014 to $22.5B in 2021 at an 18.8% CAGR
Industry Opinion:
Along with the boom of the IoT industry, the technology advancements in robotics are just starting to scratch the surface of the potential. With the recent success of the Amazon Echo and Google Home Assistant, consumers have expressed a desire to adopt home automation. If done correctly and Aido performs as well as promised, they could have a success. One thing to consider would be if the consumers are actually wanting a physical robot in their home vs. a bookshelf sized speaker that can accomplish many of the same features that are currently avaialble from Amazon or Google.
Competition
Differentiator:
Aido offers additional features at a substantially lower price point than its competitors.
Main Competitor



 
Jibo
Buddy
Pepper
Amazon Echo


Funds Raised
$70.4M
$658,102 (Indiegogo)
$236M
N/A


Website
https://www.jibo.com
http://www.bluefrogrobotics.com/en/home/
https://www.meetpepper.com
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00X4WHP5E



Company Financials
Revenue to date: $0
Revenue Last Fiscal Year: $0
Previous Funds Raised: $900,000+ from Indiegogo
Use of Funds 

Commercialize Aido
Fulfill crowdfunding product orders
Continue ecosystem engagement
Hire & grow the Aido team

Exit Opportunities
As the home robotics industries is just starting to evolve, numerous companies could be interested in acquiring the Aido technology if successful. A major key for Ingen Dynamics will hinder on the ability to patent their technology. As Ingen is still in the process of filing for provisional patents the only current company value is the promotion they have been able to generate for the brand Aido along with the development team.
Recent Acquisitions in the Field



Date
Company Acquired
Acquired By
Amount


June 25, 2015
Universal Robots
Teradyne
$285M


Dec. 4, 2013
Redwood Robotics
Google
Unknown


Dec. 2, 2013
Schaft
Google
$20M



Expert Opinion Summary 
Accomplishing $900k in preorders on indegogo is certainly an impressive feat. Ingen Dynamics has included many deal terms that are common in VC rounds but often lack in Crowdfunding rounds like voting rights, liquidation preferences and an established employee options pool.
My main concern is that Aido is still very much a concept and the company does not have a working prototype. The company claims to be shipping current preorders by late 2017 but that has already been pushed back from earlier promised dates to their indegogo backers. With Ingen only publishing financials from 2015 it is unknown if the capital raised from the indegogo campaign has already been spent on R&D. If this capital has already been spent, it could create a large liability for the company. The liability concern is validated by a handful of unhappy indegogo backers that have voiced growing impatience due to the shipping date being pushed back. Although the concept video is certainly impressive, there are multiple concerns that should be considered prior to investing in Ingen Dynamics.
AngelList: N/A
Crunchbase: N/A
Disclaimer
Crowdfund Research and its authors do not offer investment advice, nor do we endorse or recommend investments in any company or the suitability of an investment for any particular investor. Crowdfund Research is not registered as a broker-dealer or financial or investment advisor and does not provide any services requiring such registration. The information in this report or on our website regarding any company is based on publicly available information or directly from the subject company.  Crowdfund Research makes no representation or warrant as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are our own, are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice. This report has been prepared solely for informative purposes and is not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.
This report or the posting of information on our website regarding any company, including any links to information on our website, should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever.  This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor, and each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and current financial circumstances. Any person considering any investment in any equity crowdfunding investment whatsoever is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand.
All investments entail risk. The companies on our site are generally small or early stage companies and are subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company as well as other risks specific to their business and operations. In addition, securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale. Therefore, no one should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment.  You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.
You should thoroughly review the complete offering materials for any investment opportunity, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment. 
Related PostsMonday Motorbikes Company Overview -
Their mission is to create a uniquely attractive, fully electric […]Golfboard Company Overview - 
Powered by an environmentally friendly lithium-ion battery, the […]Alkane Truck Company Company Overview -
Alkane Truck Company is an American assembler of trucks and off-road […]ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) Company Overview -
ITFT, The Safe Driving System is a patented system designed to […]
 About Latest Posts Follow MeJake FisherFounder at Crowdfund ResearchEntrepreneur and Angel Investor. Along with founding Crowdfund Research, Jake is the Managing Partner at Venture Formations.  Follow MeLatest posts by Jake Fisher (see all)  Monday Motorbikes - February 20, 2017   Pedal Anywhere - February 10, 2017   Aido (InGen Dynamics, Inc.) - February 7, 2017   
Crowdfunding Due Diligence Report




Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet






Share on LinkedIn
Share

















Leave a Reply Cancel Reply 
 Name * 
Email *
Website
 

 

 









Follow Us 


Important Notice IMPORTANT NOTICE:  This website is owned by Crowdfund Research, Inc. Crowdfund Research does not offer investment advice, nor do we endorse or recommend investments in any company or the suitability of an investment for any particular investor. Crowdfund Research is not registered as a broker-dealer or financial or investment advisor and does not provide any services requiring such registration. The information on our website or in any related report regarding any company is based on publicly available information or directly from the subject company.  Crowdfund Research makes no representation or warrant as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are our own, are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice. Information on this website has been prepared solely for informative purposes and is not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.
The posting of information on our website regarding any company, including any links to information on our website, should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever.  Each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and financial circumstances and is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand. 
All investments entail risk. The companies on our website are generally small or early stage companies and are subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company as well as other risks specific to their business and operations. In addition, securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale. Therefore, no one accessing our website should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment.  You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.
You should thoroughly review the complete offering materials, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment. 
By accessing this report and our website, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.








© 2017 Crowdfund Research.  








 























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ingen Technologies, Inc. - Advancing Innovation in Medical Products




























































Ingen Technologies, Inc.
Advancing Innovation in Medical Products





Home
About Us

Company Overview
Manufacturing


Purchase Products

Smart Nasal Cannula
Oxyview Flow Meter


Learning Center

Infomercial Video
Publications
PowerPoint Presentation
Testimonials
Consumer Info
Healthcare Providers
Brochure Materials


Contact

Become a Distributor
Contact Us














Product Video Presention Watch our short video and learn about our innovative products and the amazing benefits and features that they can offer.



Products That Bring Comfort Learn how the Oxyview Smart Nasal Cannula and Flow Meter can address and meet your important Oxygen requirements.



Healthcare Provider Benefits Learn how our products can benefit your organization by decreasing unnecessary service calls and increasing patient care.






 

Advancing Innovation in Medical Products

Ingen Technologies was established in 1999 to research and develop home healthcare products for the growing respiratory market. The global medical device industry is growing rapidly, with a value expected to hit $228 billion by 2015, up from $164 billion in the year 2010, marking annual growth of nearly 7%. COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) includes chronic bronchitis, emphysema, and asthmatic bronchitis, all of which obstruct airflow from the lungs. It is a leading cause of death, illness, and disability in the United States, and other large countries. An estimated 10 million American adults were diagnosed with the condition in 2000, but data from a survey suggests that as many as 24 million Americans were actually affected.  Continue Reading 








Stay Conneted With Ingen 




 

 Follow Ingen @ Twitter@ingentech 





Contact Ingen Technologies  Ingen Technologies Inc.
Phone:  951.688.7840
Email: Click to Send

 



© 2012 Ingen Technologies, Inc  |  phone: 951.688.7840  |  email: info@ingen-tech.com  |  Developed by WarmMedia.com

























Aido-Contact Us | Aido




























BLOG

FAQ
EXPLORE
CONTACT
PRESS
PRE-ORDER
LEARN MORE







HAVE A QUESTION?




contact us today, we will get back to you soon.








Ask us a question.




About Aido





Enter Name


Enter Email



Submitting Form...




The server encountered an error.




Form received.





SUBMIT




Enter Your Message




Aido is an interactive personal home robot. Heâs an all in one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more!
 
Awarded "GameChanger" of 2016 by the world's leading tech magazine (T3), he is a sophisticated yet truly affordable package.
 
2225 East Bayshore Road,
#100 Palo Alto,
CA 94303









Copyright 2016 InGen Dynamics Inc All Rights Reserved















Privacy Policy
Annual Report


















InGen Dynamics, Inc. | StartEngine
















































Hello there.
Sign in to continue.


Hello there.
Sign in to continue.















Forgot Password?










Create Account







 
 









New to StartEngine?
Enter your email address to sign up


Welcome! You've been referred to StartEngine
We offer investment opportunities in growing companies, helping entrepreneurs achieve their dreams.
To confirm your referral, please enter your email.










Thanks for signing up!
An email has been sent to . Check your inbox to complete signing up.



Already have an account? Login here










Forgot Password
Please enter your email and we'll send you further instructions.




Back to Login













                  




















{{profileCtrl.error}}



      The InGen Dynamics, Inc. offering is now closed and is no longer accepting investments.
  







      310
    

      Investors
    




        $189,771.90
      


      Raised of $49.8K - $1M goal
    












      InGen Dynamics, Inc.
    

      The Next Generation Home Robot
    



        Small OPO
      


        Palo Alto, CA
      


        Technology
      


        Accepting International Investment
      








        InGen Dynamics, Inc.
      

        The Next Generation Home Robot
      








            Small OPO
          




            Palo Alto, CA
          




            Technology
          




            Accepting International Investment
          







      310
    

      Investors
    




        $189,771.90
      


      Raised of $49.8K - $1M goal
    













      Overview
    



      Team
    



      Terms
    



      Updates
    



      Comments
    



      Share
    




























MEET AIDO






The Next Generation Home Robot








R2D2, Rosie the Robot, Wall-E...We have been fascinated with friendly robots for decades. Unfortunately, technology never quite lived up to the dream. Until now. Meet Aido - the Next Generation Home Robot. After raising nearly $1,000,000, Aido has been widely covered by mainstream media including Forbes, Fortune, T3, and more. We are recognized by industry leaders including BCG, Disney, IEEE, Robo-Business, and LG, among others. The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is well and truly underway, and we are here to bring it to you.Arshad HishamInGen Dynamics, CEO




Perks




All investor Aido's are Special Edition which comes withSerial numbered  Ownership certificate Personal engraving with owner's name$500+ Reservation for Aido Classic with discounted price of $500$1500+ Aido classic $2000+ Aido Premium Bundle $5000+ (2) Aido Premium Bundle Space Gray  NotesAll Indiegogo backers who invest $200+ receive complimentary upgrade to Special Edition. Shipping rates collected on dispatch Aido will be shipped when they are ready for the market




Invest




$1.41 per share | $12M pre-money valuationBy investing now, you are betting that Aido will be worth more than $12M in the future.


































MISSION






Since day one, the goal of InGen Dynamics has been to build a useful, affordable and an advanced home robot . A beautifully crafted home robot that is a showpiece for robotic innovation. The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is truly underway, and the next five years would set the stage for how these robots could fundamentally transform our homes and daily lives. We strongly believe that Aido will be a central part of this revolution and want to put an Aido in every home.






Key Facts






$900,000+ raised on Indiegogo and ranked #2 as one of the most successful home Robot campaigns of all timeRecipient of multiple awards including T3 Gamechanger of 2016Invited by Walt Disney to be showcased at their global innovation campusRecognized by major industry associations including IEEE, Boston Consulting Group, and Robo-Business Three functional prototypes complete and a functional SDK released to early developersFeatured in major global research reports on Security and Home Robotics






The Buzz About Aido















Meet Aido - the Next Generation Home Robot






Aido is an interactive personal home robot. He’s an all-in-one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more. Smart, interactive, and uniquely mobile - Aido can play with your kids, help you with household chores, handle your schedule, and keep your home safe. 











































AN ENTERTAINER




Immerse yourself in your favorite movies and games with the interactive projector and speakers.















A HOME MAKER




Keep your home secure with Aido's patrol mode.  And keep your home healthy using his various sensors.















A TEACHER




Aido's sound effects, graphics, and movements make for an incredible interactive learning experience.



















A HELPER




Ask Aido to fetch the latest recipes, reschedule your meeting, or just dim the lights when you relax.















A HANDYMAN




Aido can quickly beam helpful videos on a nearby wall to fix that leaking faucet, or any faulty unit.















A FRIEND




Aido recognizes each member of your household, and adjusts to individual preferences.






































When our industrial designers were asked to start thinking about a new concept for a personal robot and home assistant, they turned to nature to garner inspiration. They were immediately attracted to dolphins.The dolphin's intelligence, playfulness, and friendliness, built-in smile, and merry-looking eyes have been a source of interest and enchantment to human beings for centuries. The senses of the dolphins have been subjected to intensive investigation, as have their intelligence and their remarkable systems of echolocation and communication.Dolphins also display culture, something long believed to be unique to humans. Dolphins also have a sleek, streamlined and attractive fusiform body. Aido's design principles draws its inspiration from Dolphins.








TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS



















Physical SpecificationTotal height:  914 mmTop height:  320 mmBottom height (w/o wheel):  554 mmNet weight:  8 Kg4 degree of motion ComputersCPU1: Quad Core ARM7 @ 1.6 GhzRAM: 1GB DDR3 RAMStorage: 32GB MicroSD CPU2: Quad Core ARM7 @ 1.6 GhzRAM:1GB DDR3 RAM CPU3: Dual-core A23 @ 1.5GhzRAM: 512MB GPU1: MaliMP2 GPU at 600 MHzGPU2: PowerVR SGX540 at 500MHzGPU3: MaliMP2 GPU at 600 Mz ConnectivityWiFi: 802.11b/g/nBluetooth: YesUSB:  5 external USB portProtocols: ZigBee, Z-Wave, WiFi and BLEUniversal IR Remote: Supports 1000+ Devices 






Sensors and InputsMicrophones:  6 Capsule Microphone ArrayGravity Sensor:  4-dimensional  G-sensorEnvironment Sensors: Temperature , Humidity,Ambient light , Air quality,  GPS, Noise, PressureCamera 1: 5 MP  cameraCamera 2: 1 MP 30 FPS Infrared visionCamera 3 & 4 (Tablet): 0.3 MP  Camera DisplaysProjector 1: Head mounted LED DLP (320x240)Projection:  0.2 - 2 Mts / 21’ ’  ( 10 Lumens )Projector 2: Body mounted LED DLP (640x480)Projection:  1- 3.5 Mts / 100’’ ( 100 Lumens ) Screen:  7” Touch Screen (800x400 ) SoftwareOperating Systems:  Android and LinuxCompatible with All Android AppsApps : House Maintenance, Kitchen Assistant, Medication and Health, and, Personal AssistantButler, Escort and Tag ModeTask AutomationWay points and Points of interestPatrol Paths /Escort PathsIndoor Mapping : WiFi and Object Recognition Based








Disclaimer: Aido is a work-in-progress and exact functionality and uses may be subject to change. Aido will have four points of contact for the mobilitymechanism and Aido does not balance on a single ball - the images above are for representational purposes only. We are still working through challenges on the mobility and home automation modules which are not yet functional.






































































Intellectual Property The Company is in the process of filing provisional patents on the hardware , mechanical engineering, and software components of Aido and plans to continue patent prosecution to completion.Hardware & SoftwareThere are four (4) main hardware components that are in the process of being patented with the possibility of further patentable parts: (1) Custom Daughterboard, (2) Microcontroller for Mobility, (3) Power Management Board and (4) IR, WIFI and Laser Based Docking.There are also four (4) main software components that are patentable: (1) Indoor Positioning, (2) Task Automation, (3) Linux Intelligence Wrapper, and (4)  Aido Speech EngineThere are 6 other mechanical engineering components and a design patent also under consideration.











GROWING FAST

















THE MARKET






Market Outlook






Market for consumer and business robots is forecast to explode in the next few yearsService Robotics market expected to grow from $5.6B in 2014 to $22.5B in 2021 at a 18.8% CAGR$1.5B market for consumer and business robots by 201917% CAGR between 2014 and 2019, three times faster growth than market for manufacturing robots Smartphones and Tablets have made it easier to develop robots for consumer and office space






Market Trends








Connected Home Devices: Forecast to grow at a CAGR of67% over the next 5 years with annual revenues to touch$490B by 2019Component Costs: Many of the sensor &component costs have declined by as much as 100X over the past decadeConsumer Adoption: 14M+ Roombas have been sold since launch; 4M+ in the last two years alone






31M personal use service robots forecast to be sold between 2014 and 2017. 




Sources: BI Intelligence, iRobot, Gigaom








Exit Strategy






We have received tremendous interest from leading electronics and home automation companies. Our goal is to build an extendable service and domestic robotic technology platform. We envision four potential exit scenarios: Sell the Platform,Company and the Brand value to a strategic buyer and investors can liquidate their sharesEvaluate an Initial Public Offering of securitiesMerge with any other automation integrator and pay investors dividends from profitsGrow organically and pay investors dividend from profits






WE HAVE DOMINATED THE MARKET






Partners & Associations






InGen Dynamics is proud to have signed partnerships with some of the most innovative companies to help us create the greatest home robot ever made. Our most recent partnership with LG U+ has created global opportunities.

















Recipient of Multiple Awards

















Recipient of Gamechanger 2016 Award by T3















Top 5 Finalist for Basware Next Big Thing Award















Invited to annual internal AI & Machine Learning Event















Selected to be showcased at Disney's innovation campus








Industry Recognized





















Aido Founder invited as keynote speaker at the annual 2016 IEEE Robotics conference in Columbia University, New York



















Aido Founder invited as Panelist and Speaker at the industry leading Annual Robo Business event in San Jose



















Aido Founder featured in BCG Perspectives, Boston Consulting Group's quarterly thought leadership series on Machine Learning / AI








Featured in Global Industry Research Reports








Over the last year InGen Dynamics has been meeting with partners around the world as well as participating in global initiatives in Robotics and Artificial Intelligence. Aido Robot was identified as one of the players in security and home robots by various industry research reports globally. We are also in the process of partnering with global leaders in Manufacturing, Home Electronics and Medical Science including LG.Sources: Business Wire, FBIC Group
























THE FUTURE OF PERSONAL ROBOTS






The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is well and truly underway. The next 5 years will set the stage for how these robots could fundamentally transform our homes and daily lives. We believe Aido will play a central role in this revolution. When you invest in a startup, you are investing in a vision. You are creating jobs, altering the course of the future, and making your mark on history. Every great company -- from Facebook to Apple -- started with entrepreneurs and investors who were crazy enough to try something no one else had done before. We believe affordable home robots is an idea that's time has come. We're investing our time, money, blood, sweat, and tears to build something truly revolutionary. If you share our vision, please join us and help make it a reality!

















TIMELINE










Use of Proceeds






Marketing: Adding to our marketing team and preparing for major advertising and outreach campaigns.Manufacturing: Finalize mass production specs and produce Beta units for broad testing and refinement. Initial tooling and manufacturing costs.Research and Development: Continue refining both hardware and software products as well as building our future products and technology for long-term growth.






Irregular Use of Proceeds






Up to $50,000 for the marketing and promotion of this campaign has been advanced to the Issuer by StartEngine as part of its Marketing Fund Advance Program, to be recouped by the Issuer regardless of campaign success. All advanced funds will be used in direct support of this campaign and will be verified by StartEngine.The issuer may incur other Irregular Uses of Proceeds which may include but are not limited to the following: vendor fees and salaries and/or expenses paid to the Company’s directors or officers or their friends or family, any “Administration Expenses” that are not strictly for administrative purposes, any “Travel and Entertainment” expenses, and any repayment of inter-company debt or back payments; provided however, that the foregoing fees or expenses, as applicable, exceed $10,000.




















































FAQ






What can I do with Aido?Aido has state-of-the-art custom display technology, an interactive projector system, advanced speech recognition, face detection, an incredible personal AI & seamless integration with all your home automation and security needs.With Aido, you can:Use the interactive projector to project movies, games & other content on a wall. Use gestures to play games or control playback of media.Use voice control to call Aido to you and give it commands. Aido has a set of powerful mics that let it listen to your voice, even in noisy environments, and a ball-based navigation system that allows it to traverse your homeUse Aido’s universal remote to control your home appliances like TV, home theatre system, etc.Connect Aido to your smart devices that support Zigbee, Z-Wave or DLNA and control them through Aido.For instance, you can ask Aido to reduce the room temperature, and show you who’s at the door (if you have a smart home camera).Ask Aido to escort guests from the door into your living roomAsk Aido to display a recipe over the projector to help you whip up a new dishGet Aido to take pictures of your friends at home and post it to your Facebook pageAsk Aido to download playlists from Spotify and play DJ for your partiesRead out stories to your kids using its storytelling featurePatrol your home when you’re away and send a notification or photograph if there’s an intruderGet a reading of temperature, pressure, air quality, etc. across your homeWhat devices are compatible with Aido?We don’t have the official compatibility listing yet, but popular Android and iOS devices will be supported for the companion app. You can set a lot of Aido’s functionality or view alerts of what’s happening at home using the Aido companion app.Aido’s companion app lets you set:Patrol paths for Aido to traverseTurn on/off connected smart devicesGet Aido to charge before you’re homeDesign triggers for which you can receive alertsSchedule events like movie download/playback at particular timesCreate weekday/weekend routinesCreate preferences for family membersAido’s companion app lets you view alerts for:Change in parameters like air quality, noise, etc.Images/video of your homeNotifications when someone’s at the door (if connected to a smart door camera)And moreHow easy is it to set up and use Aido?You can quickly setup Aido through its mobile companion app. We aim to make Aido simple to setup and use.Who is Aido designed for?Aido is designed for everyone: Adults, Kids, Seniors, Families, Geeks and Developers.Can I give Aido a different name?For now, you will have to call him by his name Aido to interact with him. Name customization will be available in the future.Can I invest?Yes, anyone can invest. In a departure from previous investment rules, the SEC now permits Regulation CF offerings to take on investors who are unaccredited as well as accredited investors. If either of an investor’s annual income or net worth is less than $100,000, then the investor’s investment limit is the greater of:$2,000 or5 percent of the lesser of the investor’s annual income or net worth.If both annual income and net worth are equal to or more than $100,000, then the investor’s limit is 10 percent of the lesser of their annual income or net worth.During the 12-month period, the aggregate amount of securities sold to an investor through all Regulation Crowdfunding offerings may not exceed $100,000, regardless of the investor’s annual income or net worth.Do I need to provide any documents to invest?No, you do not need to provide any separate documents in order to invest. Just provide the information required by the online forms on StartEngine.How much is the minimum investment?The minimum investment amount for InGen Dynamics is $141.00, which is equal to 100 shares.What is the price per share?The price per share for the InGen Dyanmics’ offering is $1.41 per share.What documentation/confirmation will I receive for my investment?Investors will receive a confirmation of their investment and a subscription agreement that has been accepted by InGen Dynamics via email.Help, I’m experiencing a problem or having trouble using the platform to invest!For assistance with making your investment, please contact StartEngine customer support via email at contact@startengine.com or the live chat on our website by clicking on the green chat widget in the lower right corner.


















              In the Press
            











































        Show More
      











              Aido Home Robot Plays with Kids and Controls Smart Appliances
            


March 18, 2016


            Aido is a new personal robot that has turned up at Indiegogo and looks a bit like Wall-E’s girlfriend Eve if she were much taller and had a hunched back.
          











              This Is the Scariest Indiegogo Campaign You Will Ever See
            


May 7, 2016


            If you were already nervous about the A.I. revolution, there is a campaign on Indiegogo right now that will convince you to renounce all your worldly possessions and live forever in a southern Nevada commune. It’s called Aido, and it’s a rolling home robot—kind of like Siri if she became sentient and followed you around the house.
          











              This Friendly Robot Wants to Become Part of Your Family
            


August 27, 2016


            This friendly robot wants to become a part of your family. The Aido robot is a friendly, interactive home assistant that features voice activation, a multimedia projector, and smarthome control.
          











              Aido is pretty much the robot they promised everyone back in the 1950s
            


August 3, 2016


            Aido will be friends with your weird kid, act as a security guard, remember your schedule and project movies onto the wall to help with anything from cooking to plumbing. This is the robot to kill all robots. With kindness.
          











              Most Amazing Robots You Can Buy Now (Or Soon)
            


July 6, 2016


            With a 7-inch screen displaying expressive, animated eyes mounted on a rolling body, the Aido personal home robot differs from its competitors in three startling ways. First, Aido is a foot taller, making its stature a bit more comfortable for adults to deal with, whether you're asking it to dim the lights or it's patrolling your home on its own while you're away.
          











              Watch out Alexa, rivals are angling for your job
            


September 21, 2016


            How many job openings does your household currently have for robots or devices with artificial intelligence?

A California startup, Aido, is developing a $940 home robot that looks similar to Jibo but balances on a single rolling ball and can move around the house. (Jibo sits wherever you put it.) That lets Aido measure air quality as it moves around your home or serve as a security guard.
          











              The smart robots about to invade your home
            


June 24, 2016


            From the dreamy demo video it looks like Aido will be able to project your Facebook News Feed on the wall, teach your daughter piano, keep an eye on the cooking, integrate with other smart home devices and patrol the hallways when you've all gone to bed.
          

















            Meet the Founder{{profileCtrl.founders.length === 1 ? '' : 's'}}
          








            {{profileCtrl.founders.length ? 'And the Rest of the Team' : 'Meet the Team'}}
          










Offering Summary

OFFERING SUMMARYThe following summary highlights selected information contained in this offering circular. This summary does not contain all the information that may be important to you. You should read the more detailed information contained in this offering circular, including, but not limited to, the risk factors beginning on page 2. References to “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company” mean InGen Dynamics, Inc.Our CompanyInGen Dynamics, Inc. (“InGen” or the “Company”), is a Delaware corporation that has designed and is developing “Aido” an interactive personal home robot and extendable service and domestic robotic technology platform that can be used in households, retail spaces, and senior homes for various utility purposes.The OfferingSecurities OfferedMaximum 709,200 shares of common stock ($999,972.00)Common Stock outstanding before the Offering6,600,000Common Stock outstanding after the Offering7,309,200Use of ProceedsThe net proceeds of this offering will be used primarily to commercialize Aido, fulfill crowdfunding product orders, continue ecosystem engagement and to hire and grow the Aido team.Risk FactorsInvesting in our shares involves a high degree of risk.  As an investor, you should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment.  You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of this offering circular.Perks**All perks are individual, not inclusive of previous perks.  You only get one perk reward matching your investment level.All investor Aido's are Special Edition which comes withSerial numbered  Ownership certificate Personal engraving with owner's name$500+ Reservation for Aido Classic with discounted price of $500$1500+ Aido classic $2000+ Aido Premium Bundle $5000+ (2) Aido Premium Bundle Space Gray  NotesAll Indiegogo backers who invest $200+ receive complimentary upgrade to Special Edition. Shipping rates collected on dispatch Aido will be shipped when they are ready for the market

The Company will not incur any irregular use of proceeds.





            Offering Details
          





            Form C Filings
          





        Show More
      





Most recent fiscal year-end:
Prior fiscal year-end:






            Total Assets
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Cash And Cash Equivalents
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Accounts Receivable
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Short Term Debt
          






                  $3,573.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Long Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Revenues And Sales
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Costs Of Goods Sold
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Taxes Paid
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Net Income
          






                  -$3,639.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                







Risks

      A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.
    






      Updates
    



          InGen Dynamics Updates
        

          23 days ago
        

Thank you for your support and being one of the early investors in Aido. Our goal is to deliver the best product possible and we are focusing all bandwidth on product development. We are trying to achieve what most people thought is impossible. There are four parts to our UpdateFundraisingInGen Dynamics has received commitments for a Pre-Series A round of $1.5 MillionFurther validating our product and  business - we are happy to announce that InGen has received close to $1.5 Million in commitments from a group of prominent investors in Silicon Valley and around the world. We are in the process of closing this round as we speak.The cash injunction once closed will be used to  develop the product, expand the team, and explore further business opportunities.We also have 3 leading VC funds who we are engaging with for our Series A round which we expect to close in the near term. However this is still in the negotiation stage.Team and Office FacilitiesWe have added significant headcount to our Research and Development Team. Our team has expanded to 15 in our Bangalore location in India - Targeting headcount to reach 20 research and development engineers with the current financing being closed.  We are also expanding our US offices after closing our Pre-Series A funding.We have also leased an additional 800 square feet test and prototyping facility for ironing out all the issues with Aido.Significant Additions includea. Android Team - We now have four full time team members working on accelerating the product progressb. Mechanical engineering - Dedicated team member to work on current iteration.c. Electronics and Hardware - We have 3 full time members accelerating the product development process.d. UI/UX developer - We have a full time UI/UX developer on boarde. Linux - Two full time team members working on Aido/OS and kernel developmentf. SDK - Dedicated point of contact assigned for the SDK development.g. Process Lead - To manage the product development iteration better, we have employed a full time Process Lead to handle and roll out features.Please find some pictures of the new office location, team members and prototyping facilities herehttps://www.dropbox.com/sh/tqx8wo5coogpdyh/AABMmlr-ADmNtMkv-W8H8pLOa?dl=0ProductWe still have challenges in these areas- Speech Latency - We are still benchmarking with Alexa and Google Assistant.- Application development completion - We are targeting to release the application bundle as a beta soon.- Mobility - The balancing is functional, But we are still testing for reliability and, continuous functionality and reducing the motor chatter.Partnerships- Working with GoogleWe are glad to let you know that we have starting working closely with the Google Assistant team. We have been approached by the Google Assistant team to test and implement their Google Assistant software for our Robot.- Partnerships with a large and experienced  Robot manufacturing firm  We have engaged with a large and experienced Robot manufacturing firm to start our roll out. We will announce details on this shortly.Other NewsAido use cases has been selected to be showcased at one of the  world's largest Science Museum. We will be releasing further information as this gets finalized.






          Thank you
        

          3 months ago
        

Thank you for supporting InGen Dynamics and for being among the first to invest in our Online Public Offering.  We are happy to let you know that we have successfully closed our offering on the 15th of April as per our offering statement. The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders and avid supporters.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.We will be in touch with all of you soon.Thank you again from everyone on the InGen Dynamics Team






          Close Round Three
        

          4 months ago
        

After 5 business days, we will be conducting our third closing!Ingen Dynamics has more than successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 3rd closing in as soon as five days. We will be closing on all funds whose status is marked as "cleared" and therefore, those investors will be able to cancel their investment up until 48 hours prior to this new closing. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans. The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          Close Round Two
        

          5 months ago
        

After 5 business days, we will be conducting our second closing!Ingen Dynamics has more than successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 2nd closing in as soon as five days. We will be closing on all funds whose status is marked as "cleared" and therefore, those investors will be able to cancel their investment up until 48 hours prior to this new closing. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans. The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          Close Round One
        

          6 months ago
        

InGen Dynamics has successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms, and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 1st closing in as little as five business days. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans right away. You will soon receive an official announcement from StartEngine about the closing.The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders, and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          You like me! You really like me!
        

          7 months ago
        

Hello! Aido here. Thank you so much for believing in what I can do for you, your family, and your home. You have invested over $95,000 so far. Thank you so much for your support. As an investor or potential investor in InGen Dynamics, I’d love your help spreading the word about me. I’ve been in the press lately, so it’s easy to share info with your friends. Check it out:The Best Robots You Can Buy Right Now by Merry JaneInGen dynamics unveils 'aido', a balancing smart-home robot by Design BoomAido the robot assistant for the home! By TechMashSending an article with the link to our StartEngine campaign is an easy way to get the word out. See, I’m helping you already!At your service,Aido






          Will robots take over the world in 2017?
        

          7 months ago
        

Feeling good about investing in Aido? You should. Robots are the wave of the future. Just the other day, The Discovery Channel’s Daily Planet tweeted out: Will robots take over the world in 2017? Maybe... OR maybe they will just become our loyal companions. #FutureTech #DailyPlanetand shared this video about what’s coming (see anyone familiar?).We’re excited that our little robot has raised over $86,000 in such a short time. Tell your networks about their chance to invest before it’s too late!






          130% funded in one day!
        

          7 months ago
        

Aido has again had huge success thanks to supporters like you! We have hit over 100% of our initial investment target within 24 hours of launching!We thank each and every one of you for showing your support and love and making Aido a huge success. It's an exciting time and we appreciate your continued support and involvement in the project!As an investor, our success is your success. I hope you will share our campaign with your networks to get the word out about Aido and the future of home robots! We have created some messaging to get you started. TwitterOwn a piece of the company that has created a beautifully crafted #homerobot, a showpiece for #robotic #innovation. https://www.startengine.com/startup/aido The next phase of the consumer #robotics revolution is truly underway. And you can own a piece of it. https://www.startengine.com/startup/aido FacebookAido is an interactive personal home robot. He’s an all-in-one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more. He’s the future of home robots and guess what - I own a piece of the company! And you can too: https://www.startengine.com/startup/aidoAido, your personal home robot, can play with your kids, help you with household chores, handle your schedule, and keep your home safe. And perhaps make you some money as well. InGen Dynamics, the creators of Aido, are running an equity crowdfunding campaign to allow unaccredited investors the chance to own a piece of their potential financial success. I have already invested. Join me. https://www.startengine.com/startup/aidoThank youWe are so pumped to hear all your comments and excitements towards Aido. We are working hard to address all your questions, so keep them coming. Please comment here or send us an email to hello@getaido.com and we will quickly answer it.SincerelyArshad HishamFounder and CEO









        Comments ({{profileCtrl.startup.comments_count}} total)
      

















        {{comment.user.first_name}} {{comment.user.last_name}}
      



InGen Dynamics, Inc. - {{comment.user.is_associated ? comment.user.associated_label : 'Issuer'}}
      


      {{comment.created_at_in_words}}
    


    {{comment.body}}
  





          {{reply.user.first_name}} {{reply.user.last_name}}
        



InGen Dynamics, Inc. - {{reply.user.is_associated ? (reply.user.associated_label) : 'Issuer'}}
        


        {{reply.created_at_in_words}}
      


      {{reply.body}}
    






      Reply
    

      Cancel
    





      Reply
    








You reported this comment as inappropriate.









          Show More Comments
        















          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        





About


About


Blog


About Us


FAQ






Connect


Connect


Facebook


Twitter


Careers


LinkedIn


Instagram






Join


Join


Raise Capital


Become an Investor






Legal


Legal


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Section 17(b) Disclosure


Disclaimer








          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        

 
 



Important Message

          www.StartEngine.com is a website owned by StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. and operated by StartEngine Crowdfunding and its wholly owned-subsidiary, StartEngine Capital, LLC. StartEngine Crowdfunding is a not a broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser. StartEngine Capital, LLC is a funding portal registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). By accessing this site and any pages on this site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time without notice or liability.
        
Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site are of three types


            1.Regulation A offerings (JOBS Act Title IV; known as Regulation A+), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. No broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 2. Regulation D offerings (506(c)), which are offered only to accredited investors. No broker-dealer, funding portal, or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 3. Regulation Crowdfunding offerings (JOBS Act Title III), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. These offerings are made through StartEngine Capital, LLC. Some of these offerings are open to the general public, however there are important differences and risks. You can learn more in our Learn section.
          

Canadian Investors

          Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site will be offered to Canadian resident investors in accordance with prospectus exemptions under Canadian securities laws, including, but not limited to, the “Accredited Investor” and “Offering Memorandum” exemptions under National Instrument 45-106 promulgated by the Canadian Securities Administrators.
        
---

          Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their legal, tax and financial advisors before investing. The securities offered on this site are not offered in jurisdictions where public solicitation of offerings are permitted; it is solely your responsibility to comply with the laws and regulations of your country of residence.
        



 































