




INGEN FUNDING I LLC - Other Banking and Financial Services- Iams  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









INGEN FUNDING I LLC

      Industry: Other Banking and Financial Services
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2431 W Belmont Ave Unit 2 E 
    Chicago, IL, 60618Phone: 5742293378 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-26


New


$79,500


$79,500


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew Kenneth Iams 
 Executive 


 Michael Thomas Russell 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




INGEN FUNDING I LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











INGEN FUNDING I LLC  Funding details


INGEN FUNDING I LLC Industry: Other Banking and Financial ServicesCIK Number: 0001688083IRS Number: 300950151Address: 2431 W BELMONT AVE UNIT 2E CHICAGO 60618Phone number: 5742293378



Latest news
INGEN FUNDING I LLC raised $79,500 from 3 investors on 2016-10-26.



INGEN FUNDING I LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-26New Form DIndefinite$79,500Indefinite$1306b[SEC Filing]
INGEN FUNDING I LLC raised $79,500 in total.



Directors and Executives of INGEN FUNDING I LLC
Key People in INGEN FUNDING I LLC:

Matthew IamsMichael Russell
Similar companiesIngen Technologies, Inc., Ingenious Med Inc, INGENUITY SYSTEMS INC, Ingenious Senior Film Fund LP, Ingenco Holdings, LLC, Ingenuity Sun Media, LLC, Ingenium Constructors Inc., Ingenium Group Inc., Ingenium International Inc., InGeneron, Inc.








Last visited companies: PC Rose Lane, LLC, PEER39 INC, Panelfly, Inc., Passport Global Long Short Fund LP, Passport Global Long Short Offshore Fund Ltd.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SIGNAL FUNDING, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SIGNAL FUNDING, LLC











Company number M16000007071
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 813220010
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 9/6/2016
        

Principal Address
            777 BRICKELL AVE SUITE 1100, MIAMI, 33131
            


Mailing Address 1780 GREENBAY ROAD SUITE 202, HIGHLAND PARK, IL, 60035
        
SIGNAL FUNDING, LLC Principals

Manager
                Chodes Gary
                 


Address
                1780 GREENBAY ROAD SUITE 202, HIGHLAND PARK, IL, 60035
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name C T CORPORATION SYSTEM (c)
        

Agent Address
                1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324
                

Description
SIGNAL FUNDING, LLC has been set up 9/6/2016 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The SIGNAL FUNDING, LLC principal adress is 777 BRICKELL AVE SUITE 1100, MIAMI, 33131. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1780 GREENBAY ROAD SUITE 202, HIGHLAND PARK, IL, 60035. 
The company`s registered agent is C T CORPORATION SYSTEM 1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324.  
The company`s management are Manager - Chodes Gary.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SIGNAL GARDEN
SIGNAL GARDEN INC.
SIGNAL GENETICS, INC.
SIGNAL GENETICS, LLC
SIGNAL GLOBAL TRADING COMPANY LLC
SIGNAL GOOD LLC














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Products  |  PhoneOps Funding, LLC





























































































 







If We Can't Close You, No One Can!!!

 




 
 











				
			Products	
 





PHONEOPS PRODUCTS
 
 
 
PhoneOps Funding. LLC has the following "Loan Products" available: 
 
 
 
Purchase Home LoansRefinance Loans$100 Down Program

 
 
 
Construction LoansRehab LoansCommercial Loans 
 
 
 
Hard Money LoansBridge LoansUnrestricted Loans  
 
 
 
International LoansPersonal LoansBusiness Loans 
 
 
 
203k LoansLandlord ProgramLand Loans 
 
 
 
Non Prime LoansNo Doc Loans24-Month Bank Statements 
 
 
 
Non Recourse LoansAuto LoansMedical Loans 
 
 
 
Church LoansForeclosure Bailout Loans
Reverse Mortgage Loans 
 
 
 
Farm LoansBlanket Loans Rental Assistance
 
 
 
 
In order to get a loan through "PhoneOps Funding, LLC", click on the product's name to get the process started. We work with several Lenders, Banks & private Funding Sources to get your loan approved in a timely manner. Remember:
 
 
IF WE CAN'T CLOSE YOU, NO ONE CAN!!!
 
 
 
 
 
 










 




		
			©2005-2017 PhoneOps Funding, LLC NMLS# 1491394		 



 






 






















Ingen Properties And Investments, LLC 






























                Loading...
            








Toggle navigation








 





Connected Investors is...


|




Connect



Find
it



Figure
it



Fund
it



Flip
it



Seller


Property



Funds




Buyer

 
Steve Dutton, NC
Flipped over 75 properties
Connected Investor
Watch his story &raquo





Become a Connected Investor &raquo










 


Ingen Properties And Investments, LLC

                                    Ingen Properties And Investments, LLC is a real estate company with 1 employee(s). Phil Ostrowski is the Founder. This company has been part of Connected Investors since 08/05/2015 - Ingen Properties and Investments, LLC invests in PARKER, CO.   Connect with the employees and team members of Ingen Properties and Investments, LLC on Connected Investors.                                


View More 



Company Team Results








Phil Ostrowski

Founder
                :
                Ingen Properties and Investments, LLC 




 
  

Looking for Single-family Fix & Flip deals In: State Of Florida FL, Denver CO, Cleveland OH, Kansas City KSBio: My name is Phil Ostrowski. I am primarily a Single Family Residence investor based out of the Parker, CO area. I am looking to connect with Deals nationwide.  We... More  can help structure deals, acquisitions, exit strategies, etc.  We also offer Hard Money by way of creative and "makes sense" approaches in real estate.  Contact us for Joint Venturing your deals as well.

Make sure to Friend me and Like my Connected Investors profile. Less  Posted: NOT CI VERIFIED


Fellow investors!

Wanted to reach out to this group having just joined, assuming there's several looking to target private money and hard... More  money to fund their projects.  After all, our stance has always been to target/locate the funding first.

Most of the people out there only represent a lender as a middle man, or they're brokering out the loan to their lender of choice for a fee, etc. No sense paying loan fees or brokerage fees to someone who doesn't actually have the funds. I just spent 5 days in Vegas with my team, chewing on directions of investments and overall business operations, having over $25M in full liquidity for lending. We also have a varied approach in terms of deal structure and acquisition/exit strategies, not necessarily taking the set-in-stone route of X % ARV and debt vs. equity participation, etc.

Shoot us an email, phil@ingenhomes.com with your contact info and/or some preliminary info on your initial projects/plan, or get a hold of me directly.  Hopefully your email/VM will find me directly as there are a few layers of insulation before someone can get to me, but I believe those contact details should work just fine.  We can also help structure your deals and give you a strategic direction via analysis/exit strategy.

Basics of a funding package we like to have in place…

1. Purchase Contract (a must)
2. CMA (comparative market analysis) from your realtor, helps dial in the exit.
3. SOW (Scope of Work) from your crew/GC along with the actual budget of the rehab, materials/labor, itemized.
4. Taxes/Insurance + holding costs during renovation (builder's risk policy, etc.), monthly itemized breakdown.
5. Inspection
6. Appraisal (sometimes won’t apply)
7. Experience Summary (few paragraphs on completed work on rehabs)
8. Down Payment/Capital Contribution (skin in the game towards acquisition only if need be, as you'd be funding the rehab)
9. We only lend to corporations/business entities, so your LLC/S-corp articles would be needed, which I'm sure you have, or at least need to have prior to funding.

Selling via a realtor?  Or to cash buyer list?  Cost of selling is also key, as a realtor on both sides will take 4% to 6$ out of proceeds, affecting your bottom line.

I'm considering putting together some sort of presentation for any interested individuals, as we have experience with hedge fund money, acquisitions/exits by way of rehab, wholesale, etc here in Denver and abroad.

Hope this information helps, looking forward to group participation.

Ingen Properties & Investments, LLC
Private Money Lending | Joint Ventures | Acquisitions
O.  303.910.8103
M.  720.515.2612
http://www.ingenproperties.com/  Less   

 









                View Ingen Properties And Investments, LLC Properties
            


This Week's Top 5 Trending Posts, Resources, & News Stories For Real Estate Investors: 1) How to find cash buyers in your town2) How to get a REI deal funded in half the time3) How to really find deals for 30 cents on the dollar4) FINALLY a REAL flip this house show - For people in the industry5) How to find investors based off location & the type of property they buy




Connected Investors Funding
LOOKING FOR DEALS TO FIX & FLIP?  View OFF-MARKET Bank Owned Properties 100% FREE. Tap Here




 

























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































InGen Dynamics, Inc. | StartEngine














































Hello there.
Sign in to continue.


Hello there.
Sign in to continue.















Forgot Password?










Create Account







 
 









New to StartEngine?
Enter your email address to sign up


Welcome! You've been referred to StartEngine
We offer investment opportunities in growing companies, helping entrepreneurs achieve their dreams.
To confirm your referral, please enter your email.










Thanks for signing up!
An email has been sent to . Check your inbox to complete signing up.



Already have an account? Login here










Forgot Password
Please enter your email and we'll send you further instructions.




Back to Login













                  




















{{profileCtrl.error}}



      The InGen Dynamics, Inc. offering is now closed and is no longer accepting investments.
  







      310
    

      Investors
    




        $189,771.90
      


      Raised of $49.8K - $1M goal
    












      InGen Dynamics, Inc.
    

      The Next Generation Home Robot
    



        Small OPO
      


        Palo Alto, CA
      


        Technology
      


        Accepting International Investment
      








        InGen Dynamics, Inc.
      

        The Next Generation Home Robot
      








            Small OPO
          




            Palo Alto, CA
          




            Technology
          




            Accepting International Investment
          







      310
    

      Investors
    




        $189,771.90
      


      Raised of $49.8K - $1M goal
    













      Overview
    



      Team
    



      Terms
    



      Updates
    



      Comments
    



      Share
    




























MEET AIDO






The Next Generation Home Robot








R2D2, Rosie the Robot, Wall-E...We have been fascinated with friendly robots for decades. Unfortunately, technology never quite lived up to the dream. Until now. Meet Aido - the Next Generation Home Robot. After raising nearly $1,000,000, Aido has been widely covered by mainstream media including Forbes, Fortune, T3, and more. We are recognized by industry leaders including BCG, Disney, IEEE, Robo-Business, and LG, among others. The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is well and truly underway, and we are here to bring it to you.Arshad HishamInGen Dynamics, CEO




Perks




All investor Aido's are Special Edition which comes withSerial numbered  Ownership certificate Personal engraving with owner's name$500+ Reservation for Aido Classic with discounted price of $500$1500+ Aido classic $2000+ Aido Premium Bundle $5000+ (2) Aido Premium Bundle Space Gray  NotesAll Indiegogo backers who invest $200+ receive complimentary upgrade to Special Edition. Shipping rates collected on dispatch Aido will be shipped when they are ready for the market




Invest




$1.41 per share | $12M pre-money valuationBy investing now, you are betting that Aido will be worth more than $12M in the future.


































MISSION






Since day one, the goal of InGen Dynamics has been to build a useful, affordable and an advanced home robot . A beautifully crafted home robot that is a showpiece for robotic innovation. The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is truly underway, and the next five years would set the stage for how these robots could fundamentally transform our homes and daily lives. We strongly believe that Aido will be a central part of this revolution and want to put an Aido in every home.






Key Facts






$900,000+ raised on Indiegogo and ranked #2 as one of the most successful home Robot campaigns of all timeRecipient of multiple awards including T3 Gamechanger of 2016Invited by Walt Disney to be showcased at their global innovation campusRecognized by major industry associations including IEEE, Boston Consulting Group, and Robo-Business Three functional prototypes complete and a functional SDK released to early developersFeatured in major global research reports on Security and Home Robotics






The Buzz About Aido















Meet Aido - the Next Generation Home Robot






Aido is an interactive personal home robot. He’s an all-in-one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more. Smart, interactive, and uniquely mobile - Aido can play with your kids, help you with household chores, handle your schedule, and keep your home safe. 











































AN ENTERTAINER




Immerse yourself in your favorite movies and games with the interactive projector and speakers.















A HOME MAKER




Keep your home secure with Aido's patrol mode.  And keep your home healthy using his various sensors.















A TEACHER




Aido's sound effects, graphics, and movements make for an incredible interactive learning experience.



















A HELPER




Ask Aido to fetch the latest recipes, reschedule your meeting, or just dim the lights when you relax.















A HANDYMAN




Aido can quickly beam helpful videos on a nearby wall to fix that leaking faucet, or any faulty unit.















A FRIEND




Aido recognizes each member of your household, and adjusts to individual preferences.






































When our industrial designers were asked to start thinking about a new concept for a personal robot and home assistant, they turned to nature to garner inspiration. They were immediately attracted to dolphins.The dolphin's intelligence, playfulness, and friendliness, built-in smile, and merry-looking eyes have been a source of interest and enchantment to human beings for centuries. The senses of the dolphins have been subjected to intensive investigation, as have their intelligence and their remarkable systems of echolocation and communication.Dolphins also display culture, something long believed to be unique to humans. Dolphins also have a sleek, streamlined and attractive fusiform body. Aido's design principles draws its inspiration from Dolphins.








TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS



















Physical SpecificationTotal height:  914 mmTop height:  320 mmBottom height (w/o wheel):  554 mmNet weight:  8 Kg4 degree of motion ComputersCPU1: Quad Core ARM7 @ 1.6 GhzRAM: 1GB DDR3 RAMStorage: 32GB MicroSD CPU2: Quad Core ARM7 @ 1.6 GhzRAM:1GB DDR3 RAM CPU3: Dual-core A23 @ 1.5GhzRAM: 512MB GPU1: MaliMP2 GPU at 600 MHzGPU2: PowerVR SGX540 at 500MHzGPU3: MaliMP2 GPU at 600 Mz ConnectivityWiFi: 802.11b/g/nBluetooth: YesUSB:  5 external USB portProtocols: ZigBee, Z-Wave, WiFi and BLEUniversal IR Remote: Supports 1000+ Devices 






Sensors and InputsMicrophones:  6 Capsule Microphone ArrayGravity Sensor:  4-dimensional  G-sensorEnvironment Sensors: Temperature , Humidity,Ambient light , Air quality,  GPS, Noise, PressureCamera 1: 5 MP  cameraCamera 2: 1 MP 30 FPS Infrared visionCamera 3 & 4 (Tablet): 0.3 MP  Camera DisplaysProjector 1: Head mounted LED DLP (320x240)Projection:  0.2 - 2 Mts / 21’ ’  ( 10 Lumens )Projector 2: Body mounted LED DLP (640x480)Projection:  1- 3.5 Mts / 100’’ ( 100 Lumens ) Screen:  7” Touch Screen (800x400 ) SoftwareOperating Systems:  Android and LinuxCompatible with All Android AppsApps : House Maintenance, Kitchen Assistant, Medication and Health, and, Personal AssistantButler, Escort and Tag ModeTask AutomationWay points and Points of interestPatrol Paths /Escort PathsIndoor Mapping : WiFi and Object Recognition Based








Disclaimer: Aido is a work-in-progress and exact functionality and uses may be subject to change. Aido will have four points of contact for the mobilitymechanism and Aido does not balance on a single ball - the images above are for representational purposes only. We are still working through challenges on the mobility and home automation modules which are not yet functional.






































































Intellectual Property The Company is in the process of filing provisional patents on the hardware , mechanical engineering, and software components of Aido and plans to continue patent prosecution to completion.Hardware & SoftwareThere are four (4) main hardware components that are in the process of being patented with the possibility of further patentable parts: (1) Custom Daughterboard, (2) Microcontroller for Mobility, (3) Power Management Board and (4) IR, WIFI and Laser Based Docking.There are also four (4) main software components that are patentable: (1) Indoor Positioning, (2) Task Automation, (3) Linux Intelligence Wrapper, and (4)  Aido Speech EngineThere are 6 other mechanical engineering components and a design patent also under consideration.











GROWING FAST

















THE MARKET






Market Outlook






Market for consumer and business robots is forecast to explode in the next few yearsService Robotics market expected to grow from $5.6B in 2014 to $22.5B in 2021 at a 18.8% CAGR$1.5B market for consumer and business robots by 201917% CAGR between 2014 and 2019, three times faster growth than market for manufacturing robots Smartphones and Tablets have made it easier to develop robots for consumer and office space






Market Trends








Connected Home Devices: Forecast to grow at a CAGR of67% over the next 5 years with annual revenues to touch$490B by 2019Component Costs: Many of the sensor &component costs have declined by as much as 100X over the past decadeConsumer Adoption: 14M+ Roombas have been sold since launch; 4M+ in the last two years alone






31M personal use service robots forecast to be sold between 2014 and 2017. 




Sources: BI Intelligence, iRobot, Gigaom








Exit Strategy






We have received tremendous interest from leading electronics and home automation companies. Our goal is to build an extendable service and domestic robotic technology platform. We envision four potential exit scenarios: Sell the Platform,Company and the Brand value to a strategic buyer and investors can liquidate their sharesEvaluate an Initial Public Offering of securitiesMerge with any other automation integrator and pay investors dividends from profitsGrow organically and pay investors dividend from profits






WE HAVE DOMINATED THE MARKET






Partners & Associations






InGen Dynamics is proud to have signed partnerships with some of the most innovative companies to help us create the greatest home robot ever made. Our most recent partnership with LG U+ has created global opportunities.

















Recipient of Multiple Awards

















Recipient of Gamechanger 2016 Award by T3















Top 5 Finalist for Basware Next Big Thing Award















Invited to annual internal AI & Machine Learning Event















Selected to be showcased at Disney's innovation campus








Industry Recognized





















Aido Founder invited as keynote speaker at the annual 2016 IEEE Robotics conference in Columbia University, New York



















Aido Founder invited as Panelist and Speaker at the industry leading Annual Robo Business event in San Jose



















Aido Founder featured in BCG Perspectives, Boston Consulting Group's quarterly thought leadership series on Machine Learning / AI








Featured in Global Industry Research Reports








Over the last year InGen Dynamics has been meeting with partners around the world as well as participating in global initiatives in Robotics and Artificial Intelligence. Aido Robot was identified as one of the players in security and home robots by various industry research reports globally. We are also in the process of partnering with global leaders in Manufacturing, Home Electronics and Medical Science including LG.Sources: Business Wire, FBIC Group
























THE FUTURE OF PERSONAL ROBOTS






The next phase of the consumer robotics revolution is well and truly underway. The next 5 years will set the stage for how these robots could fundamentally transform our homes and daily lives. We believe Aido will play a central role in this revolution. When you invest in a startup, you are investing in a vision. You are creating jobs, altering the course of the future, and making your mark on history. Every great company -- from Facebook to Apple -- started with entrepreneurs and investors who were crazy enough to try something no one else had done before. We believe affordable home robots is an idea that's time has come. We're investing our time, money, blood, sweat, and tears to build something truly revolutionary. If you share our vision, please join us and help make it a reality!

















TIMELINE










Use of Proceeds






Marketing: Adding to our marketing team and preparing for major advertising and outreach campaigns.Manufacturing: Finalize mass production specs and produce Beta units for broad testing and refinement. Initial tooling and manufacturing costs.Research and Development: Continue refining both hardware and software products as well as building our future products and technology for long-term growth.






Irregular Use of Proceeds






Up to $50,000 for the marketing and promotion of this campaign has been advanced to the Issuer by StartEngine as part of its Marketing Fund Advance Program, to be recouped by the Issuer regardless of campaign success. All advanced funds will be used in direct support of this campaign and will be verified by StartEngine.The issuer may incur other Irregular Uses of Proceeds which may include but are not limited to the following: vendor fees and salaries and/or expenses paid to the Company’s directors or officers or their friends or family, any “Administration Expenses” that are not strictly for administrative purposes, any “Travel and Entertainment” expenses, and any repayment of inter-company debt or back payments; provided however, that the foregoing fees or expenses, as applicable, exceed $10,000.




















































FAQ






What can I do with Aido?Aido has state-of-the-art custom display technology, an interactive projector system, advanced speech recognition, face detection, an incredible personal AI & seamless integration with all your home automation and security needs.With Aido, you can:Use the interactive projector to project movies, games & other content on a wall. Use gestures to play games or control playback of media.Use voice control to call Aido to you and give it commands. Aido has a set of powerful mics that let it listen to your voice, even in noisy environments, and a ball-based navigation system that allows it to traverse your homeUse Aido’s universal remote to control your home appliances like TV, home theatre system, etc.Connect Aido to your smart devices that support Zigbee, Z-Wave or DLNA and control them through Aido.For instance, you can ask Aido to reduce the room temperature, and show you who’s at the door (if you have a smart home camera).Ask Aido to escort guests from the door into your living roomAsk Aido to display a recipe over the projector to help you whip up a new dishGet Aido to take pictures of your friends at home and post it to your Facebook pageAsk Aido to download playlists from Spotify and play DJ for your partiesRead out stories to your kids using its storytelling featurePatrol your home when you’re away and send a notification or photograph if there’s an intruderGet a reading of temperature, pressure, air quality, etc. across your homeWhat devices are compatible with Aido?We don’t have the official compatibility listing yet, but popular Android and iOS devices will be supported for the companion app. You can set a lot of Aido’s functionality or view alerts of what’s happening at home using the Aido companion app.Aido’s companion app lets you set:Patrol paths for Aido to traverseTurn on/off connected smart devicesGet Aido to charge before you’re homeDesign triggers for which you can receive alertsSchedule events like movie download/playback at particular timesCreate weekday/weekend routinesCreate preferences for family membersAido’s companion app lets you view alerts for:Change in parameters like air quality, noise, etc.Images/video of your homeNotifications when someone’s at the door (if connected to a smart door camera)And moreHow easy is it to set up and use Aido?You can quickly setup Aido through its mobile companion app. We aim to make Aido simple to setup and use.Who is Aido designed for?Aido is designed for everyone: Adults, Kids, Seniors, Families, Geeks and Developers.Can I give Aido a different name?For now, you will have to call him by his name Aido to interact with him. Name customization will be available in the future.Can I invest?Yes, anyone can invest. In a departure from previous investment rules, the SEC now permits Regulation CF offerings to take on investors who are unaccredited as well as accredited investors. If either of an investor’s annual income or net worth is less than $100,000, then the investor’s investment limit is the greater of:$2,000 or5 percent of the lesser of the investor’s annual income or net worth.If both annual income and net worth are equal to or more than $100,000, then the investor’s limit is 10 percent of the lesser of their annual income or net worth.During the 12-month period, the aggregate amount of securities sold to an investor through all Regulation Crowdfunding offerings may not exceed $100,000, regardless of the investor’s annual income or net worth.Do I need to provide any documents to invest?No, you do not need to provide any separate documents in order to invest. Just provide the information required by the online forms on StartEngine.How much is the minimum investment?The minimum investment amount for InGen Dynamics is $141.00, which is equal to 100 shares.What is the price per share?The price per share for the InGen Dyanmics’ offering is $1.41 per share.What documentation/confirmation will I receive for my investment?Investors will receive a confirmation of their investment and a subscription agreement that has been accepted by InGen Dynamics via email.Help, I’m experiencing a problem or having trouble using the platform to invest!For assistance with making your investment, please contact StartEngine customer support via email at contact@startengine.com or the live chat on our website by clicking on the green chat widget in the lower right corner.


















              In the Press
            











































        Show More
      











              Aido Home Robot Plays with Kids and Controls Smart Appliances
            


March 18, 2016


            Aido is a new personal robot that has turned up at Indiegogo and looks a bit like Wall-E’s girlfriend Eve if she were much taller and had a hunched back.
          











              This Is the Scariest Indiegogo Campaign You Will Ever See
            


May 7, 2016


            If you were already nervous about the A.I. revolution, there is a campaign on Indiegogo right now that will convince you to renounce all your worldly possessions and live forever in a southern Nevada commune. It’s called Aido, and it’s a rolling home robot—kind of like Siri if she became sentient and followed you around the house.
          











              This Friendly Robot Wants to Become Part of Your Family
            


August 27, 2016


            This friendly robot wants to become a part of your family. The Aido robot is a friendly, interactive home assistant that features voice activation, a multimedia projector, and smarthome control.
          











              Aido is pretty much the robot they promised everyone back in the 1950s
            


August 3, 2016


            Aido will be friends with your weird kid, act as a security guard, remember your schedule and project movies onto the wall to help with anything from cooking to plumbing. This is the robot to kill all robots. With kindness.
          











              Most Amazing Robots You Can Buy Now (Or Soon)
            


July 6, 2016


            With a 7-inch screen displaying expressive, animated eyes mounted on a rolling body, the Aido personal home robot differs from its competitors in three startling ways. First, Aido is a foot taller, making its stature a bit more comfortable for adults to deal with, whether you're asking it to dim the lights or it's patrolling your home on its own while you're away.
          











              Watch out Alexa, rivals are angling for your job
            


September 21, 2016


            How many job openings does your household currently have for robots or devices with artificial intelligence?

A California startup, Aido, is developing a $940 home robot that looks similar to Jibo but balances on a single rolling ball and can move around the house. (Jibo sits wherever you put it.) That lets Aido measure air quality as it moves around your home or serve as a security guard.
          











              The smart robots about to invade your home
            


June 24, 2016


            From the dreamy demo video it looks like Aido will be able to project your Facebook News Feed on the wall, teach your daughter piano, keep an eye on the cooking, integrate with other smart home devices and patrol the hallways when you've all gone to bed.
          

















            Meet the Founder{{profileCtrl.founders.length === 1 ? '' : 's'}}
          








            {{profileCtrl.founders.length ? 'And the Rest of the Team' : 'Meet the Team'}}
          










Offering Summary

OFFERING SUMMARYThe following summary highlights selected information contained in this offering circular. This summary does not contain all the information that may be important to you. You should read the more detailed information contained in this offering circular, including, but not limited to, the risk factors beginning on page 2. References to “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company” mean InGen Dynamics, Inc.Our CompanyInGen Dynamics, Inc. (“InGen” or the “Company”), is a Delaware corporation that has designed and is developing “Aido” an interactive personal home robot and extendable service and domestic robotic technology platform that can be used in households, retail spaces, and senior homes for various utility purposes.The OfferingSecurities OfferedMaximum 709,200 shares of common stock ($999,972.00)Common Stock outstanding before the Offering6,600,000Common Stock outstanding after the Offering7,309,200Use of ProceedsThe net proceeds of this offering will be used primarily to commercialize Aido, fulfill crowdfunding product orders, continue ecosystem engagement and to hire and grow the Aido team.Risk FactorsInvesting in our shares involves a high degree of risk.  As an investor, you should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment.  You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of this offering circular.Perks**All perks are individual, not inclusive of previous perks.  You only get one perk reward matching your investment level.All investor Aido's are Special Edition which comes withSerial numbered  Ownership certificate Personal engraving with owner's name$500+ Reservation for Aido Classic with discounted price of $500$1500+ Aido classic $2000+ Aido Premium Bundle $5000+ (2) Aido Premium Bundle Space Gray  NotesAll Indiegogo backers who invest $200+ receive complimentary upgrade to Special Edition. Shipping rates collected on dispatch Aido will be shipped when they are ready for the market

The Company will not incur any irregular use of proceeds.





            Offering Details
          





            Form C Filings
          





        Show More
      





Most recent fiscal year-end:
Prior fiscal year-end:






            Total Assets
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Cash And Cash Equivalents
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Accounts Receivable
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Short Term Debt
          






                  $3,573.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Long Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Revenues And Sales
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Costs Of Goods Sold
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Taxes Paid
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Net Income
          






                  -$3,639.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                







Risks

      A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.
    






      Updates
    



          InGen Dynamics Updates
        

          23 days ago
        

Thank you for your support and being one of the early investors in Aido. Our goal is to deliver the best product possible and we are focusing all bandwidth on product development. We are trying to achieve what most people thought is impossible. There are four parts to our UpdateFundraisingInGen Dynamics has received commitments for a Pre-Series A round of $1.5 MillionFurther validating our product and  business - we are happy to announce that InGen has received close to $1.5 Million in commitments from a group of prominent investors in Silicon Valley and around the world. We are in the process of closing this round as we speak.The cash injunction once closed will be used to  develop the product, expand the team, and explore further business opportunities.We also have 3 leading VC funds who we are engaging with for our Series A round which we expect to close in the near term. However this is still in the negotiation stage.Team and Office FacilitiesWe have added significant headcount to our Research and Development Team. Our team has expanded to 15 in our Bangalore location in India - Targeting headcount to reach 20 research and development engineers with the current financing being closed.  We are also expanding our US offices after closing our Pre-Series A funding.We have also leased an additional 800 square feet test and prototyping facility for ironing out all the issues with Aido.Significant Additions includea. Android Team - We now have four full time team members working on accelerating the product progressb. Mechanical engineering - Dedicated team member to work on current iteration.c. Electronics and Hardware - We have 3 full time members accelerating the product development process.d. UI/UX developer - We have a full time UI/UX developer on boarde. Linux - Two full time team members working on Aido/OS and kernel developmentf. SDK - Dedicated point of contact assigned for the SDK development.g. Process Lead - To manage the product development iteration better, we have employed a full time Process Lead to handle and roll out features.Please find some pictures of the new office location, team members and prototyping facilities herehttps://www.dropbox.com/sh/tqx8wo5coogpdyh/AABMmlr-ADmNtMkv-W8H8pLOa?dl=0ProductWe still have challenges in these areas- Speech Latency - We are still benchmarking with Alexa and Google Assistant.- Application development completion - We are targeting to release the application bundle as a beta soon.- Mobility - The balancing is functional, But we are still testing for reliability and, continuous functionality and reducing the motor chatter.Partnerships- Working with GoogleWe are glad to let you know that we have starting working closely with the Google Assistant team. We have been approached by the Google Assistant team to test and implement their Google Assistant software for our Robot.- Partnerships with a large and experienced  Robot manufacturing firm  We have engaged with a large and experienced Robot manufacturing firm to start our roll out. We will announce details on this shortly.Other NewsAido use cases has been selected to be showcased at one of the  world's largest Science Museum. We will be releasing further information as this gets finalized.






          Thank you
        

          3 months ago
        

Thank you for supporting InGen Dynamics and for being among the first to invest in our Online Public Offering.  We are happy to let you know that we have successfully closed our offering on the 15th of April as per our offering statement. The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders and avid supporters.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.We will be in touch with all of you soon.Thank you again from everyone on the InGen Dynamics Team






          Close Round Three
        

          4 months ago
        

After 5 business days, we will be conducting our third closing!Ingen Dynamics has more than successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 3rd closing in as soon as five days. We will be closing on all funds whose status is marked as "cleared" and therefore, those investors will be able to cancel their investment up until 48 hours prior to this new closing. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans. The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          Close Round Two
        

          5 months ago
        

After 5 business days, we will be conducting our second closing!Ingen Dynamics has more than successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 2nd closing in as soon as five days. We will be closing on all funds whose status is marked as "cleared" and therefore, those investors will be able to cancel their investment up until 48 hours prior to this new closing. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans. The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          Close Round One
        

          6 months ago
        

InGen Dynamics has successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms, and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 1st closing in as little as five business days. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans right away. You will soon receive an official announcement from StartEngine about the closing.The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders, and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          You like me! You really like me!
        

          7 months ago
        

Hello! Aido here. Thank you so much for believing in what I can do for you, your family, and your home. You have invested over $95,000 so far. Thank you so much for your support. As an investor or potential investor in InGen Dynamics, I’d love your help spreading the word about me. I’ve been in the press lately, so it’s easy to share info with your friends. Check it out:The Best Robots You Can Buy Right Now by Merry JaneInGen dynamics unveils 'aido', a balancing smart-home robot by Design BoomAido the robot assistant for the home! By TechMashSending an article with the link to our StartEngine campaign is an easy way to get the word out. See, I’m helping you already!At your service,Aido






          Will robots take over the world in 2017?
        

          7 months ago
        

Feeling good about investing in Aido? You should. Robots are the wave of the future. Just the other day, The Discovery Channel’s Daily Planet tweeted out: Will robots take over the world in 2017? Maybe... OR maybe they will just become our loyal companions. #FutureTech #DailyPlanetand shared this video about what’s coming (see anyone familiar?).We’re excited that our little robot has raised over $86,000 in such a short time. Tell your networks about their chance to invest before it’s too late!






          130% funded in one day!
        

          7 months ago
        

Aido has again had huge success thanks to supporters like you! We have hit over 100% of our initial investment target within 24 hours of launching!We thank each and every one of you for showing your support and love and making Aido a huge success. It's an exciting time and we appreciate your continued support and involvement in the project!As an investor, our success is your success. I hope you will share our campaign with your networks to get the word out about Aido and the future of home robots! We have created some messaging to get you started. TwitterOwn a piece of the company that has created a beautifully crafted #homerobot, a showpiece for #robotic #innovation. https://www.startengine.com/startup/aido The next phase of the consumer #robotics revolution is truly underway. And you can own a piece of it. https://www.startengine.com/startup/aido FacebookAido is an interactive personal home robot. He’s an all-in-one package that comes with the best of home automation, security, assistance, entertainment and much more. He’s the future of home robots and guess what - I own a piece of the company! And you can too: https://www.startengine.com/startup/aidoAido, your personal home robot, can play with your kids, help you with household chores, handle your schedule, and keep your home safe. And perhaps make you some money as well. InGen Dynamics, the creators of Aido, are running an equity crowdfunding campaign to allow unaccredited investors the chance to own a piece of their potential financial success. I have already invested. Join me. https://www.startengine.com/startup/aidoThank youWe are so pumped to hear all your comments and excitements towards Aido. We are working hard to address all your questions, so keep them coming. Please comment here or send us an email to hello@getaido.com and we will quickly answer it.SincerelyArshad HishamFounder and CEO









        Comments ({{profileCtrl.startup.comments_count}} total)
      

















        {{comment.user.first_name}} {{comment.user.last_name}}
      



InGen Dynamics, Inc. - {{comment.user.is_associated ? comment.user.associated_label : 'Issuer'}}
      


      {{comment.created_at_in_words}}
    


    {{comment.body}}
  





          {{reply.user.first_name}} {{reply.user.last_name}}
        



InGen Dynamics, Inc. - {{reply.user.is_associated ? (reply.user.associated_label) : 'Issuer'}}
        


        {{reply.created_at_in_words}}
      


      {{reply.body}}
    






      Reply
    

      Cancel
    





      Reply
    








You reported this comment as inappropriate.









          Show More Comments
        















          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        





About


About


Blog


About Us


FAQ






Connect


Connect


Facebook


Twitter


Careers


LinkedIn


Instagram






Join


Join


Raise Capital


Become an Investor






Legal


Legal


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Section 17(b) Disclosure


Disclaimer








          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        

 
 



Important Message

          www.StartEngine.com is a website owned by StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. and operated by StartEngine Crowdfunding and its wholly owned-subsidiary, StartEngine Capital, LLC. StartEngine Crowdfunding is a not a broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser. StartEngine Capital, LLC is a funding portal registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). By accessing this site and any pages on this site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time without notice or liability.
        
Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site are of three types


            1.Regulation A offerings (JOBS Act Title IV; known as Regulation A+), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. No broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 2. Regulation D offerings (506(c)), which are offered only to accredited investors. No broker-dealer, funding portal, or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 3. Regulation Crowdfunding offerings (JOBS Act Title III), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. These offerings are made through StartEngine Capital, LLC. Some of these offerings are open to the general public, however there are important differences and risks. You can learn more in our Learn section.
          

Canadian Investors

          Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site will be offered to Canadian resident investors in accordance with prospectus exemptions under Canadian securities laws, including, but not limited to, the “Accredited Investor” and “Offering Memorandum” exemptions under National Instrument 45-106 promulgated by the Canadian Securities Administrators.
        
---

          Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their legal, tax and financial advisors before investing. The securities offered on this site are not offered in jurisdictions where public solicitation of offerings are permitted; it is solely your responsibility to comply with the laws and regulations of your country of residence.
        



 































