










 





INLET CAPITAL LLC - Products


















About Us
				
Strategy
Core Strengths
Products


Mezzanine Lending
Private Equity
Real Estate Securities
Case Studies
				
Charter Oak
Glenborough Realty Trust
Mills Corp.


Management
Press Releases
Contact Us
Home



Products
			 

			Interim Mortgage Loans
			Property Types: CBD and suburban office, neighborhood and community retail, apartments, industrial, lodging, and residential conversions
			Geography: All major US markets, with a particular focus on the top MSAs and the coastal markets
			Amount: up to $150 million
			Loan to Value Ratio: up to 90%
			Index: LIBOR
			Amortization: Variable
B Notes
			Property Types: CBD and suburban office, neighborhood and community retail, apartments, industrial, lodging, and residential conversions
			Geography: All major US markets, with a particular focus on the top MSAs and the coastal markets
			Amount: $5 to $50 million
			Loan to Value Ratio: up to 75%
			Index: LIBOR
			Amortization: Variable
Mezzanine Loans, Second Mortgages
			Property Types: CBD and suburban office, neighborhood and community retail, apartments, industrial, lodging, and residential conversions
			Geography: All major US markets, with a particular focus on the top MSAs and the coastal markets
			Amount: $5 to $50 million
			Loan to Value Ratio: up to 85%
			Index: LIBOR
			Amortization: Variable
Preferred Equity Investments
			Property Types: CBD and suburban office, neighborhood and community retail, apartments, industrial, lodging, factory outlet centers and residential conversions
			Geography: All major US markets, with a particular focus on the top MSAs and the coastal markets
			Amount: up to $50 million
			Loan to Value Ratio: up to 90%
			Index: Fixed rate deals
Real Estate Securities
			Long/short equity investments in companies with significant real estate holdings, including:
			Real estate development companies (including commercial/industrial developers and homebuilders); Real estate investment trusts (REITs);hotel and hotel management companies; master limited partnerships that invest in interests in real estate; Real estate brokerage companies and/or management companies; Financial institutions that make or service mortgage loans; Title insurance companies; Lumber, paper, forest product, timber, mining and oil companies; Companies with significant real estate holdings such as hotel companies, supermarkets, restaurant chains and retail chains; and Manufacturers or distributors of construction materials and/or building supplies.
Opportunistic Investments
			Sub-performing and non-performing mortgage loans, entity investments, private REITs and C corps, recapitalizations, sale/leaseback transactions, direct investments in real estate, and other special situations in both domestic, as well as selective international markets.






©2015 Inlet Capital Management, LLC. Legal Disclaimer Designed by Site 48








Inlet Securities, LLC













 




















 Due to changing government regulations since the events of 9/11, you may need to provide additional documentation to assist us in verifying your identity.  Learn more. 



Inlet Securities, LLC (ISL) is a full service independent broker dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA, formerly known as the NASD).  The company’s home office is located in New Smyrna Beach, Florida.  Inlet Securities offers individual, business, and institutional customers innovative financial products and services in asset management, securities, and insurance.Our independent professionals are here to help you navigate through the investment process, develop an investment strategy based on asset allocation, assess research, and evaluate investment ideas.  Your representative will assist you in choosing the best course of action to achieve your goals and take appropriate steps toward financial security.  Inlet Securities is committed to prudently investing the assets entrusted to us by our clients in order to provide superior long term investment returns.Our qualified investment professionals are independent.  Your registered representative offers access to products and services without pressure to sell or promote proprietary products.  We are driven by this commitment to independence and the simple premise that achieving your goals requires solid unbiased advise, timely information and research, proper execution, and unparalleled client service.



“unquestionable trust, superior performance, total commitment” 
         
Looking for a financial advisor, or perhaps interested in learning about a particular investment vehicle?Submit an information request form to meet with someone, or email us at info@inletsecurities.com 



233 North Causeway Suite B   New Smyrna Beach, Florida 32169Tel 386-426-2440   Fax 386-426-2442Member FINRA / SIPCEmail us at info@inletsecurities.com



Inlet Securities, LLC 









You need Java to see this applet.
 
 Member FINRA / SIPC 
 Why am I being asked to provide a government issued identification number? 
 Advisor Login 








Inlet Securities, LLC













 






On behalf of Inlet Securities LLC, I would like to thank you for your business; it is greatly appreciated.Inlet Securities LLC is a full service broker/dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the Securities Investors Protection Corporation (SIPC). As an introducing broker/dealer, all cash and securities are held at our clearing firm, COR Clearing, LLC.  As a privately owned, independent company, our representatives have access to a myriad of products and platforms to effectively meet the needs of our clients in an ever evolving financial environment.We are proud of the success and reputation we have achieved locally, domestically, and internationally. Your registered representative offers access to products and services without pressure to sell or promote proprietary products. We are driven by this commitment to independence and the simple premise that achieving your goals requires solid unbiased advice, timely information and research, proper execution, and unparalleled client service.We are committed to exceeding our client’s investment objectives and service expectations. Achieving these goals requires a management team that is driven by the highest quality standards. We are committed to managing your assets so you can achieve and preserve the quality of life that you desire for yourself and your family.Please note that you will receive confirmations and periodic statements regarding your investments from the product sponsor or clearing firm, COR Clearing, LLC, where your assets are being held. Please promptly verify the accuracy of these statements and note that Inlet Securities, LLC and your representative are named on them.Again, we appreciate your business. If at any time you are unsatisfied with any of our services, or have any special needs or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact our Compliance Officer, Jessica Gilday, at the address and number listed above.  We will do our best to make your association with us both pleasant and profitable for you.Sincerely,Frank GildayManaging Member 
         



233 North Causeway Suite B   New Smyrna Beach, Florida 32169Tel 386-426-2440   Fax 386-426-2442Member FINRA / SIPCEmail us at info@inletsecurities.com



Inlet Securities, LLC 









You need Java to see this applet.
 
 Member FINRA / SIPC 
 Welcome! 







 


Take advantage of on-line account access!  Login to view your account details.Don't have a User ID and Password?  Fill out a Password Request Form.



 
 Advisor Login 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Inlet Securities, LLC













 













With a broad range of investment products, our representatives are able to provide clients with the best in unbiased product selection.  Since we do not offer proprietary products, there is no pressure to sell them.  Inlet Securities advisors can devote their time, energy, and expertise not to product quotas and sales goals, but to your financial objectives.  ISL provides access to thousands of individual securities and forms strategic alliances with the nation’s leading providers of investment and insurance products.Our comprehensive range of products and services includes:Investment Planning and Professional Money ManagementOur advisors establish investment objectives, ascertain risk tolerance, create an appropriate asset allocation, and monitor the performance of your accounts.Retirement PlanningAs an individual investor, we will review your current retirement plans to maximize accumulation while minimizing taxation on future distributions.  Whether you are saving for retirement, changing jobs, or managing retirement income, our advisors help you stay on track.  As a business or business owner, establishing and maintaining the proper retirement plan is absolutely critical for the future of the business, your employees, and yourself.Education PlanningWe review your education goals for your children and grandchildren.  We develop a strategy to meet those goals.  Our representatives will show you how to save and invest on a tax-advantaged basis in order to fund college for future generations.Estate PlanningHaving an estate plan is one of the most important things you can do for your family.  A review of wills and trusts is essential.  Inlet Securities has developed strategic alliances with estate attorneys within the community.  We will partner with your attorney, or refer one if necessary, to ensure accurate distribution of your assets.Insurance PlanningOur advisors will review your current personal and employer provided insurance coverage.  Our consultants will help you determine the proper amount of coverage to provide for you and your family in the event of your death, illness or injury. 
“we succeed when our clients succeed” 
         



233 North Causeway Suite B   New Smyrna Beach, Florida 32169Tel 386-426-2440   Fax 386-426-2442Member FINRA / SIPCEmail us at info@inletsecurities.com



Inlet Securities, LLC 









You need Java to see this applet.
 
 Member FINRA / SIPC 
 


Developing and implementing a retirement plan is a life-long process.  Determine whether you're on track with FINRA's Retirement Calculator.



 Advisor Login 








Inlet Securities LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























inlet securities llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Inlet Securities, LLC provides financial brokerage services. The Company specializes in buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, and mutual funds. Inlet Securities operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

233 North Causeway
Suite B
New Smyrna Beach, FL 32169
United States


Phone:
1-386-426-2440


Fax:
1-386-426-2442


Web url:
www.inletsecurities.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









