



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          














Incense - The Worlds Finest 














































      To take full advantage of this site, please enable your browser's JavaScript feature. Learn how











Search










 

Categories


Incense by Brand

Domestic Incense

Mountain Naturals Resin Sticks
Nature Nature Resin Over a Stick Incense


Indian Incense

Asoka Trading Company - Bharath Darshan
Balaji Incense
Cycle Indian Incense
Dhoop Incense
Goloka Traditional Masala Indian Incense
Happy Hari's Nag Champa Gold!! Incense
Nitiraj Color Champa
Nitiraj Original Indian Masala Incense
Nitiraj Platinum Premium Indian Incense
Mothers Nag Champa Incense 20 stick pack
OM Nag Champa Indian Incense
Parimal Yatra Indian Incense
Primo Connoisseur Indian Incense
R. Expo / Song of India
Ramakrishnananda Quality Masala Incense
Rare Essence Incense Collection
Satya Traditional Indian Incense
Shanthimalai Nag Champa Incense
Triloka Natural Aromatherapy Incense
Vijayshree Nag Champa Incense


Japanese Incense

Awajishima Senko Japanese Incense
Daihatsu Japanese Incense
Esteban Paris Incense
Kunjudo Japanese Incense
Morning Star Incense
Nippon Kodo Japanese Incense
Seijudo Japanese Incense
Shoyeido Japanese Incense


Nag Champa Incense

Tibetan Incense

Buddhist Incense Udhyog Tibetan Incense
Chandra Devi Traditional Tibetan Incense
Himalayan Herbs Centre Tibetan Incense
Lucky Tibetan Incense Company
Mandala Art & Incense Tibetan Incense
Mandala Trading Tibetan Incense
Stupa Incense Industry Fine Tibetan Incense
Tara Aromatic Center Tibetan Incense
Tibetan Healing Incense
Tibetan Rope Incense


Premium Cone Incense

Assorted Premium Cone Incense
HEM Cone Incense
Mother's India Cone Incense
SAC Cone Incense
Satya Cone Incense
Shoyeido Cone Incense
Triloka Ayurvedic Meditation Incense Cones






Resins, woods and Oils

Perfume Attar Oils

White Sage and Herbal Smudge

Pure Essential Oils and Hydrosols

Resin Incense High Quality

Fragrance Oils

Nag Champa Oils


Aromatics Woods & Makko Powder

Japanese Granulated Incense





Incense and Resin Burners

Brass Incense Burners

Ceramic Incense Burners

Resin & Smudge Incense Charcoal Burners

Wooden and Stone Incense Holders





Charcoal, Ash and Incense Tool

Incense tools

Incense Charcoal and Ash





Gift Sets and New Items

Crystals and Metaphysical Items

Incense Gift Sets

New Products !

Closeout Specials

ENCENS d'AUROVILLE Cones by Maroma
Gonesh Cone Incense
Gonesh Incense Sticks
Shroff Channabasappa Fine Indian Incense






Helpful Articles

The History and Use of Smudges

How to Select Incense

Indian Incense Intro.

Japanese Incense Intro.

Tibetan Incense Intro.

How to Burn and Use Resin

What is Aloeswood ?

What is Copal ?

What is Frankincense?

What is Myrrh ?

What is Sandalwood ?





*** Vists our Blog ***

Click here for Blog


































Your Incense Store

The one stop source for your incense needs!



You have found your source for any and all types, kinds and varieties of Japanese incense, Indian incense, Tibetan incense, Domestic incense, Stick and Cone incense as well as pure resin incense, essential oils, white sage, smudging herbs, accessories and much, much more. Whether you are looking for incense for everyday use or special occasions, for mediation or inspiration, for cleansing your environment or for enhancing relaxation.$7.95 Flat rate and Free Shipping On Orders over $75 ~ Domestic orders only International orders welcome ~ Email me with your requirements












 
Copper Tibetan Incense Burner






 
Portable Wood Chip Heater









  Our Price: $11.98  















  Our Price: $49.95  


























This copper Tibetan Incense burner is decorated with 3 brass symbols and sits upon an attached pedestal. Hand crafted in India with the thought of this piece holding onto Tibetan Incense with it's perfect size hole in the middle. Burner is 2.5 inches deep and 2 inches high. Approx 2 ounces and a great space saver.




This elegant portable wood chip heater provides convenience in our busy lives. Insert our Square Charcoal A (red box) after lighting into the porcelain cup and restore the mesh screen. Once charcoal is at correct temperature add in woods chips, granulated incense, kneaded incense, pressed incense and others of your choosing. Makes for that modern flair while still enjoying traditional incense. 3 inches wide and 3 inches tall. Comes with 5 charcoal pieces and 5 incense pieces. Porcelain with mesh bamboo basket. Made in Japan. Great starter kit.










 
Shoyeido Granulated Imperial Japanese Incense Ranja-koh






 
Tibetan White Lotus Incense









  Our Price: $39.95  















  Our Price: $6.95  


























This cherished granulated incense reveals a majestic essence, reminiscent of the koh fragrances pursued by the high royalty of bygone ages. Contains a sublime blend of aloeswood, sandalwood, clove, camphor and spices. 1 package contains .88 oz. of granulated incense.
Please note: We are unable to ship this product outside the United States due to export laws.





Tibetan White Lotus stimulates the Kundalini Energy that lies coiled in the base of the spine like a sleeping snake. It can be awakened and brightened throughout yogic discipline and meditation. This flower based aroma is safe for inhalation and the environment will aid in a concentration and spasms throughout the body. Burn time for each stick is 60 min. Package contains 30 5” sticks and a small wooden holder.











































Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Incense - Wikipedia






















 






Incense

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search





Burning incense at the Longhua Temple


Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. The term refers to the material itself, rather than to the aroma that it produces. Incense is used for aesthetic reasons, and in therapy, meditation, and ceremony. It may also be used as a simple deodorant or insectifuge.[1][2][3][4]
Incense is composed of aromatic plant materials, often combined with essential oils.[5] The forms taken by incense differ with the underlying culture, and have changed with advances in technology and increasing diversity in the reasons for burning it.[6] Incense can generally be separated into two main types: "indirect-burning" and "direct-burning". Indirect-burning incense (or "non-combustible incense") is not capable of burning on its own, and requires a separate heat source. Direct-burning incense (or "combustible incense") is lit directly by a flame and then fanned or blown out, leaving a glowing ember that smoulders and releases fragrance. Direct-burning incense is either a paste formed around a bamboo stick, or a paste that is extruded into a stick or cone shape.



Contents


1 History
2 Composition

2.1 Combustible base


3 Types

3.1 Indirect-burning
3.2 Direct-burning
3.3 Reed diffusing


4 Production

4.1 Indirect burning
4.2 Direct burning


5 Joss sticks
6 Burning incense
7 Cultural variations

7.1 Arabian
7.2 Chinese
7.3 Indian
7.4 Jerusalem
7.5 Tibetan
7.6 Japanese


8 Usage
9 Health risks from incense smoke
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]




Orthodox Deacons preparing incense for a Cross Procession in Novosibirsk, Russia.






Incense sticks at Po Lin Monastery, Hong Kong


The word incense comes from Latin for incendere meaning "to burn".
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities. Incense was burnt to counteract or obscure malodorous products of human habitation, but was widely perceived to also deter malevolent demons and appease the gods with its pleasant aroma.[2] Resin balls were found in many prehistoric Egyptian tombs in El Mahasna, furnishing tangible archaeological substantiation to the prominence of incense and related compounds within Egyptian antiquity.[7] One of the oldest extant incense burners originates from the 5th dynasty.[7] The Temple of Deir-el-Bahari in Egypt contains a series of carvings that depict an expedition for incense.[8]
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining [9] oracles.[10] Incense spread from there to Greece and Rome.
Incense burners have been found in the Indus Civilization (3300–1300 BCE).[11] Evidence suggests oils were used mainly for their aroma. India also adopted techniques from East Asia, adapting the inherited formulation to encompass aromatic roots and other indigenous flora. This comprised the initial usage of subterranean plant parts within the fabrication of incense.[12] New herbs like Sarsaparilla seeds, frankincense, and cypress were used by Indians for incense.[12]
At around 2000 BCE, Ancient China began the use of incense in the religious sense, namely for worship.[13] Incense was used by Chinese cultures from Neolithic times and became more widespread in the Xia, Shang, and Zhou dynasties.[14] The earliest documented instance of incense utilization comes from the ancient Chinese, who employed incense composed of herbs and plant products (such as cassia, cinnamon, styrax, sandalwood, amongst others) as a component of numerous formalized ceremonial rites.[12] Incense usage reached its peak during the Song Dynasty with numerous buildings erected specifically for incense ceremonies.
Brought to Japan in the 6th century by Korean Buddhist monks, who used the mystical aromas in their purification rites, the delicate scents of Koh (high-quality Japanese incense) became a source of amusement and entertainment with nobles in the Imperial Court during the Heian Era 200 years later. During the 14th century Shogunate, a samurai warrior might perfume his helmet and armor with incense to achieve an aura of invincibility (as well as to make a noble gesture to whomever might take his head in battle). It wasn't until the Muromachi Era during the 15th and 16th century that incense appreciation (kōdō) spread to the upper and middle classes of Japanese society.
Composition[edit]




Some commonly used raw incense and incense-making materials (from left to right, top down) Makko powder (Machilus thunbergii), Borneol camphor (Dryobalanops aromatica), Sumatra Benzoin (Styrax benzoin), Omani frankincense (Boswellia sacra), Guggul (Commiphora wightii), Golden Frankincense (Boswellia papyrifera), the new world Tolu balsam (Myroxylon toluifera) from South America, Somali myrrh (Commiphora myrrha), Labdanum (Cistus villosus), Opoponax (Commiphora opoponax), and white Indian sandalwood powder (Santalum album)


A variety of materials have been used in making incense. Historically there has been a preference for using locally available ingredients. For example, sage and cedar were used by the indigenous peoples of North America.[15] Trading in incense materials comprised a major part of commerce along the Silk Road and other trade routes, one notably called the Incense Route.[16]
The same could be said for the techniques used to make incense. Local knowledge and tools were extremely influential on the style, but methods were also influenced by migrations of foreigners, among them clergy and physicians who were both familiar with incense arts.[6]
Combustible base[edit]




A Räucherkerzchen - A charcoal-based incense cone


The combustible base of a direct burning incense mixture not only binds the fragrant material together but also allows the produced incense to burn with a self-sustained ember, which propagates slowly and evenly through an entire piece of incense with such regularity that it can be used to mark time.[citation needed] The base is chosen such that it does not produce a perceptible smell. Commercially, two types of incense base predominate:

Fuel and oxidizer mixtures: Charcoal or wood powder forms the fuel for the combustion. Gums such as Gum Arabic or Gum Tragacanth are used to bind the mixture together while an oxidizer such as sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate sustains the burning of the incense. Fragrant materials are combined into the base prior to formation as in the case of powdered incense materials or after formation as in the case of essential oils. The formula for the charcoal-based incense is superficially similar to black powder, though it lacks the sulfur.
Natural plant-based binders: Mucilaginous material, which can be derived from many botanical sources, is mixed with fragrant materials and water. The mucilage from the wet binding powder holds the fragrant material together while the cellulose in the powder combusts to form a stable ember when lit. The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense. This includes:

Makko (incense powder): made from the bark of various trees from the Persea such as Persea thunbergii)
Xiangnan pi (made from the bark of Phoebe genus trees such as Phoebe nanmu, Persea zuihoensis.
Jigit: a resin based binder used in India
Laha or Dar: bark based powders used in Nepal, Tibet, and other East Asian countries.



Types[edit]
Incense materials are available in various forms and degrees of processing. They can generally be separated into "direct-burning" and "indirect-burning" types depending on use. Preference for one form or another varies with culture, tradition, and personal taste. Although the production of direct- and indirect-burning incense are both blended to produce a pleasant smell when burned, the two differ in their composition due to the former's requirement for even, stable, and sustained burning.
Indirect-burning[edit]
Indirect-burning incense, also called "non-combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is a combination of aromatic ingredients that are not prepared in any particular way or encouraged into any particular form, leaving it mostly unsuitable for direct combustion. The use of this class of incense requires a separate heat source since it does not generally kindle a fire capable of burning itself and may not ignite at all under normal conditions. This incense can vary in the duration of its burning with the texture of the material. Finer ingredients tend to burn more rapidly, while coarsely ground or whole chunks may be consumed very gradually as they have less total surface area. The heat is traditionally provided by charcoal or glowing embers.
In the West, the best known incense materials of this type are frankincense and myrrh, likely due to their numerous mentions in the Christian Bible. In fact, the word for "frankincense" in many European languages also alludes to any form of incense.

Whole: The incense material is burned directly in its raw unprocessed form on top of coal embers.
Powdered or granulated: The incense material is broken down into finer bits. This incense burns quickly and provides a short period of intense smells.
Paste: The powdered or granulated incense material is mixed with a sticky and incombustible binder, such as dried fruit, honey, or a soft resin and then formed to balls or small pastilles. These may then be allowed to mature in a controlled environment where the fragrances can commingle and unite. Much Arabian incense, also called "Bukhoor" or "Bakhoor", is of this type (Bakhoor actually refers to frankincense in Arabic) and Japan has a history of kneaded incense, called nerikō or awasekō, using this method.[18] Within the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, raw frankincense is ground into a fine powder and then mixed with various sweet-smelling essential oils.

Direct-burning[edit]




Incense coils hanging from the ceiling of an East Asian temple


Direct-burning incense also called "combustible incense",[17][better source needed] is lit directly by a flame. The glowing ember on the incense will continue to smoulder and burn away the rest of the incense without continued application of heat or flame from an outside source. Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material. This class of incense is made from a moldable substrate of fragrant finely ground (or liquid) incense materials and odourless binder.[6] The composition must be adjusted to provide fragrance in the proper concentration and to ensure even burning. The following types of direct-burning incense are commonly encountered, though the material itself can take virtually any form, according to expediency or whimsy:




Burning incense stick and its smoke



Coil: Extruded and shaped into a coil without a core. This type of incense is able to burn for an extended period, from hours to days, and is commonly produced and used by Chinese culture.



Cone: Incense in this form burns relatively fast. Incense cones were invented in Japan in the 1800s.
Cored stick: This form of stick incense has a supporting core of bamboo. Higher quality varieties of this form have fragrant sandalwood cores. The core is coated by a thick layer of incense material that burns away with the core. This type of incense is commonly produced in India and China. When used for worship in Chinese folk religion, cored incensed sticks are sometimes known as "joss sticks".
Solid stick: This stick incense has no supporting core and is completely made of incense material. Easily broken into pieces, it allows one to determine the specific amount of incense they wish to burn. This is the most commonly produced form of incense in Japan and Tibet.
Powder: The loose incense powder used for making indirect burning incense is sometimes burned without further processing. They are typically packed into long trails on top of wood ash using a stencil and burned in special censers or incense clocks.
Paper: Paper infused with incense, folded accordion style, lit and blown out. Examples are Carta d'Armenia and Papier d'Arménie.
Rope: The incense powder is rolled into paper sheets, which are then rolled into ropes, twisted tightly, then doubled over and twisted again, yielding a two-strand rope. The larger end is the bight, and may be stood vertically, in a shallow dish of sand or pebbles. The smaller (pointed) end is lit. This type of incense is highly transportable and stays fresh for extremely long periods. It has been used for centuries in Tibet and Nepal.

The disks of powdered mugwort called 'moxa' sold in Chinese shops and herbalists are used in Traditional Chinese medicine for moxibustion treatment. Moxa tablets are not incenses; the treatment relies on heat rather than fragrance.
Reed diffusing[edit]
A reed diffuser is a form of incense that uses no heat. It comes in three parts: a bottle/container, scented essential incense oil, and bamboo reeds. The incense oil is placed into the container and bamboo reeds are then put into the same container. This is done to absorb some of the incense oil, as well as to help carry its scent and essence out of the container and into the surrounding air. Reeds typically have tiny tube openings that run the entire length of the stick. Oil is absorbed by the reed sticks and carried along the entire reed. These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Production[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Drying cored stick incense, Vietnam


Indirect burning[edit]
The raw materials are powdered and then mixed together with a binder to form a paste, which, for direct burning incense, are then cut and dried into pellets. Incense of the Athonite Orthodox Christian tradition are made by powdering frankincense or fir resin, mixing it with essential oils. Floral fragrances are the most common, but citrus such as lemon is not uncommon. The incense mixture is then rolled out into a slab approximately 1 cm thick and left until the slab has firmed. It is then cut into small cubes, coated with clay powder to prevent adhesion, and allowed to fully harden and dry.[19][20] In Greece this rolled incense resin is called 'Moskolibano', and generally comes in either a pink or green colour denoting the fragrance, with pink being rose and green being jasmine.
Direct burning[edit]




Some incense sticks are uneven in thickness


In order to obtain desired combustion qualities, attention has to be paid to certain proportions in direct burning incense mixtures:

Oil content: Resinous materials such as myrrh and frankincense must not exceed the amount of dry materials in the mixture to such a degree that the incense will not smolder and burn.[citation needed] The higher the oil content relative to the dry mass, the less likely the mixture is to burn effectively.[citation needed] Typically the resinous or oily substances are balanced with "dry" materials such as wood, bark and leaf powders.
Oxidizer quantity: The amount of chemical oxidizer in gum-bound incense must be carefully proportioned. If too little, the incense will not ignite, and if too much, the incense will burn too quickly and not produce fragrant smoke.[citation needed]
Mixture density: Incense mixtures made with natural binders must not be combined with too much water in mixing, or over-compressed while being formed, which would result in either uneven air distribution or undesirable density in the mixture, causing the incense to burn unevenly, too slowly, or too quickly.[citation needed]
Particulate size: The incense mixture has to be well pulverized with similarly sized particulates. Uneven and large particulates result in uneven burning and inconsistent aroma production when burned.[citation needed]
Binder: Water-soluble binders such as "makko" have to be used in the right proportion to ensure that the incense mixture does not crumble when dry but also that the binder does not take up too much of the mixture.[6]

Some kinds of direct-burning incense are created from "incense blanks" made of unscented combustible dust immersed into any suitable kind of essential or fragrance oil. These are often sold in America by flea-market and sidewalk vendors who have developed their own styles. Such items are often known as "dipped" or "hand-dipped" incense. This form of incense requires the least skill and equipment to manufacture, since the blanks are pre-formed in China or South East Asia, then simply scented with essential oils.
Incense mixtures can be extruded or pressed into shapes. Small quantities of water are combined with the fragrance and incense base mixture and kneaded into a hard dough. The incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create cone and smaller coiled incense, or forced through a hydraulic press for solid stick incense. The formed incense is then trimmed and slowly dried. Incense produced in this fashion has a tendency to warp or become misshapen when improperly dried, and as such must be placed in climate-controlled rooms and rotated several times through the drying process.
Traditionally, the bamboo core of cored stick incense is prepared by hand from Phyllostachys heterocycla cv. pubescens since this species produces thick wood and easily burns to ashes in the incense stick.[21] Through this process, known as "splitting the foot of the incense stick", the bamboo is trimmed to length, soaked, peeled, and then continuously split in halves until thin sticks of bamboo with square cross sections of less than 3mm [22][23] This process has been largely been replaced by machines in modern incense production.[24]
In the case of cored incensed sticks, several methods are employed to coat the sticks cores with incense mixture:

Paste rolling: A wet, malleable paste of incense mixture is first rolled into a long, thin coil, using a paddle. Then, a thin stick is put next to the coil and the stick and paste are rolled together until the stick is centered in the mixture and the desired thickness is achieved. The stick is then cut to the desired length and dried.[25]
Powder-coating: Powder-coating is used mainly to produce cored incense of either larger coil (up to 1 meter in diameter) or cored stick forms. A bundle of the supporting material (typically thin bamboo or sandalwood slivers) is soaked in water or a thin water/glue mixture for a short time. The thin sticks are then evenly separated, then dipped into a tray of incense powder, consisting of fragrance materials and occasionally a plant-based binder. The dry incense powder is then tossed and piled over the stick while they are spread apart. The sticks are then gently rolled and packed to maintain roundness while more incense powder is repeatedly tossed onto the sticks. Three to four layers of powder are coated onto the sticks, forming a 2 mm thick layer of incense material on the stick. The coated incense is then allowed to dry in open air. Additional coatings of incense mixture can be applied after each period of successive drying. Incense sticks that are burned in temples of Chinese folk religion produced in this fashion can have a thickness between 2 and 4 millimeters.[26][27]
Compression: A damp powder is mechanically formed around a cored stick by compression, similar to the way uncored sticks are formed. This form is becoming more commonly found due to the higher labor cost of producing powder-coated or paste-rolled sticks.

Joss sticks[edit]




Joss sticks in the Temple of Literature, Hanoi in Hanoi, Vietnam


Joss sticks are the name given to incense sticks used for a variety of purposes associated with ritual and religious devotion in many parts of East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Among ethnic Chinese and Chinese-influenced communities they are traditionally burned before the threshold of a home or business, before an image of a Chinese popular religion divinity or spirit of place, or in small and humble or large and elaborate shrine found at the main entrance to each and every village. Here the earth god is propitiated in the hope of bringing wealth and health to the village. They can also be burned in front of a door, or open window as an offering to heaven, or the devas. The word "joss" is derived from the Latin deus (god) via the Portuguese deos through the Javanese dejos, through Chinese pidgin English.[28][29] They are also burned at temples across many parts of East, South and Southeast Asia.




Big Dragon joss sticks.


Joss-stick burning is an everyday practice in traditional Chinese religion. There are many different types of joss sticks used for different purposes or on different festive days. Many of them are long and thin and are mostly colored yellow, red, and more rarely, black. Thick joss sticks are used for special ceremonies, such as funerals. Spiral joss sticks are also used on a regular basis, which are found hanging above temple ceilings, with burn times that are exceedingly long. In some states, such as Taiwan, Singapore, or Malaysia, where they celebrate the Ghost Festival, large, pillar-like dragon joss sticks are sometimes used. These generate such a massive amount of smoke and heat that they are only ever burned outside.




Unpacked incense sticks in Buddhist/Taoist shrine in Malaysia.


Chinese incense sticks for use in popular religion are generally without aroma or only the slightest trace of jasmine or rose, since it is the smoke, not the scent, which is important in conveying the prayers of the faithful to heaven. They are composed of the dried powdered bark of a non-scented species of cinnamon native to Cambodia, Cinnamomum cambodianum.[citation needed] Inexpensive packs of 300 are often found for sale in Chinese supermarkets. Despite the fact that they contain no sandalwood at all, they often include the Chinese character for sandalwood on the label, as a generic term for incense.
Highly scented Chinese incense sticks are only used by some Buddhists. These are often quite expensive due to the use of large amounts of sandalwood, aloeswood, or floral scents used. The Sandalwood used in Chinese incenses does not come from India, its native home, but rather from groves planted within Chinese territory. Sites belonging to Tzu Chi, Chung Tai Shan, Dharma Drum Mountain,[30] Xingtian Temple, or City of Ten Thousand Buddhas do not use incense.[31][32][33]
Burning incense[edit]
For indirect-burning incense, pieces of the incense are burned by placing them directly on top of a heat source or on a hot metal plate in a censer or thurible.[34]
In Japan a similar censer called a egōro (柄香炉) is used by several Buddhist sects. The egōro is usually made of brass with a long handle and no chain. Instead of charcoal, makkō powder is poured into a depression made in a bed of ash. The makkō is lit and the incense mixture is burned on top. This method is known as Sonae-kō (Religious Burning).[35]
For direct-burning incense, the tip or end of the incense is ignited with a flame or other heat source until the incense begins to turn into ash at the burning end. Flames on the incense are then fanned or blown out, with the incense continuing to burn without a flame on its own.
Cultural variations[edit]
Arabian[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bakhoor. This is used specifically on special occasions like weddings or on Fridays or generally to perfume the house. The bakhoor is usually burned in a mabkhara, a traditional incense burner (censer). It is customary in many Arab countries to pass bakhoor amongst the guests in the majlis (Arabic مجلس, meaning congregation). This is done as a gesture of hospitality.
See also Dabqaad
Chinese[edit]




Incense at Yonghe Temple in Beijing, China


Main article: Incense in China
For over two thousand years, the Chinese have used incense in religious ceremonies, ancestor veneration, Traditional Chinese medicine, and daily life. Agarwood (chénxiāng) and sandalwood (tánxiāng) are the two most important ingredients in Chinese incense.
Along with the introduction of Buddhism in China came calibrated incense sticks and incense clocks.[36] The poet Yu Jianwu (487-551) first recorded them: "By burning incense we know the o'clock of the night, With graduated candles we confirm the tally of the watches."[37] The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into Chinese secular society.
Indian[edit]




An Oriental Orthodox congregation in India processes outside its church with palm fronds on Palm Sunday with incense.


Main article: Incense of India
Incense stick, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, is one of the main forms of incense in India. The bamboo method originated in India, and is distinct from the Nepal/Tibet and Japanese methods of stick making which don't use a bamboo core. Though the method is also used in the west, particularly in America, it is strongly associated with India.
The basic ingredients are the bamboo stick, the paste (generally made of charcoal dust and joss/jiggit/gum/tabu powder - an adhesive made from the bark of litsea glutinosa and other trees),[38] and the perfume ingredients - which would be a masala (spice mix) powder of ground ingredients into which the stick would be rolled, or a perfume liquid sometimes consisting of synthetic ingredients into which the stick would be dipped. Perfume is sometimes sprayed on the coated sticks. Stick machines are sometimes used, which coat the stick with paste and perfume, though the bulk of production is done by hand rolling at home. There are about 5,000 incense companies in India which take raw unperfumed sticks hand-rolled by approx 200,000 women working part-time at home, and then apply their own brand of perfume, and package the sticks for sale.[39] An experienced home-worker can produce 4,000 raw sticks a day.[40] There are about 50 main companies who together account for up to 30% of the market, and around 500 of the companies, including a significant number of the main ones, including Moksh Agarbatti and Cycle Pure,[41] are based in Bangalore.[42]
Jerusalem[edit]
Main article: Incense offering in rabbinic literature
Main article: Ketoret
Ketoret was the incense offered in the Temple in Jerusalem and is stated in the Book of Exodus as a mixture of stacte, onycha, galbanum and frankincense.[43]
Tibetan[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Tibetan incense
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan. These incenses have a characteristic "earthy" scent to them. Ingredients vary from cinnamon, clove, and juniper, to kusum flower, ashvagandha, or sahi jeera.
Many Tibetan incenses are thought to have medicinal properties. Their recipes come from ancient Vedic texts that are based on even older Ayurvedic medical texts. The recipes have remained unchanged for centuries.
Japanese[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: Japanese incense




Stacks of incense at a temple in Japan


In Japan incense appreciation folklore includes art, culture, history, and ceremony. It can be compared to and has some of the same qualities as music, art, or literature. Incense burning may occasionally take place within the tea ceremony, just like Calligraphy, Ikebana, and Scroll Arrangement. The art of incense appreciation, or Koh-do, is generally practiced as a separate art form from the tea ceremony, and usually within a tea room of traditional Zen design.
Agarwood (沈香 Jinkō) and sandalwood (白檀 Byakudan) are the two most important ingredients in Japanese incense. Agarwood is known as "Jinkō" in Japan, which translates as "incense that sinks in water", due to the weight of the resin in the wood. Sandalwood is one of the most calming incense ingredients and lends itself well to meditation.[citation needed] It is also used in the Japanese tea ceremony. The most valued Sandalwood comes from Mysore in the state of Karnataka in India.
Another important ingredient in Japanese incense is kyara (伽羅). Kyara is one kind of agarwood (Japanese incense companies divide agarwood into 6 categories depending on the region obtained and properties of the agarwood). Kyara is currently worth more than its weight in gold.
Some terms used in Japanese incense culture include:

Incense Arts: [香道, Kodo]
Agarwood: [ 沈香 ] – from heartwood from Aquilaria trees, unique, the incense wood most used in incense ceremony, other names are: lignum aloes or aloeswood, gaharu, jinko, or oud.
Censer/Incense burner: [香爐] – usually small and used for heating incense not burning, or larger and used for burning
Charcoal: [木炭] – only the odorless kind is used.
Incense woods: [ 香木 ] – a naturally fragrant resinous wood.

Usage[edit]

Practical





Mosquito repellent is often manufactured in coil form and burned in a similar manner as incense.






Papier d'Armenie was used to disinfect.






Incense burning at a temple in Taipei, Taiwan


Incense fragrances can be of such great strength that they obscure other, less desirable odours. This utility led to the use of incense in funerary ceremonies because the incense could smother the scent of decay. Another example of this use, as well as of religious use, is the giant Botafumeiro thurible which swings from the ceiling of the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. It is used in part to mask the scent of the many tired, unwashed pilgrims huddled together in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.[43]
A similar utilitarian use of incense can be found in the post-Reformation Church of England. Although the ceremonial use of incense was abandoned until the Oxford Movement, it was common to have incense (typically frankincense) burned before grand occasions, when the church would be crowded. The frankincense was carried about by a member of the vestry before the service in a vessel called a 'perfuming pan'. In iconography of the day, this vessel is shown to be elongated and flat, with a single, long handle on one side. It is important to note that the perfuming pan was used instead of the thurible, as the latter would have likely offended the Protestant sensibilities of the 17th and 18th centuries.
The regular burning of direct combustion incense has been used for chronological measurement in incense clocks. These devices can range from a simple trail of incense material calibrated to burn in a specific time period, to elaborate and ornate instruments with bells or gongs, designed to involve and captivate several of the senses.[44]
Incense made from materials such as citronella can repel mosquitoes and other irritating, distracting or pestilential insects. This use has been deployed in concert with religious uses by Zen Buddhists who claim that the incense that is part of their meditative practice is designed to keep bothersome insects from distracting the practitioner. Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Papier d'Arménie was originally sold as a disinfectant as well as for the fragrance.
Incense is also used often by people who smoke indoors, and do not want the scent to linger.

Aesthetic

Many people burn incense to appreciate its smell, without assigning any other specific significance to it, in the same way that the foregoing items can be produced or consumed solely for the contemplation or enjoyment of the refined sensory experience. This use is perhaps best exemplified in the kōdō (香道), where (frequently costly) raw incense materials such as agarwood are appreciated in a formal setting.

Religious

Main article: Religious use of incense
Use of incense in religion is prevalent in many cultures and may have their roots in the practical and aesthetic uses considering that many religions with not much else in common all use incense. One common motif is incense as a form of sacrificial offering to a deity. Such use was common in Judaic worship [43] and remains in use for example in the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican churches, Taoist and Buddhist Chinese jingxiang (敬香 "offer incense [to ancestors/gods]), etc.
Aphrodisiac
Incense have been used as aphrodisiac in some cultures. Both ancient Greek and ancient Egyptian mythology suggest the usage of incense by goddesses and nymphs.[45] Incense are thought to heighten sexual desires and sexual attraction.[46]
Time-keeper
Incense  are commonly referred to as Incense clocks, are used to time social, medical and religious practices in parts of eastern Asia. Primarily used in Buddhism as a timer of mediation and prayer. Different types of incense burn at different rates therefore different incense are used for different practices. The times that incense can burn ranges from minutes to months.[47][48]
Healing stone cleanser
Incense are used to cleanse and restore energy in healing stones. The technique used for this is called “smudging” and is done by holding a healing stone over the smoke of a burning incense for 20 to 30 seconds. Many people believe that this process not only restores energy but eliminates negative energy.[49]
Health risks from incense smoke[edit]
Incense smoke contains various contaminants including gaseous pollutants, such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) [4–8], and absorbed toxic pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and toxic metals). The solid particles range between ~10 and 500 nm. The emission rate decreases in the row Indian sandalwood > Japanese aloeswood > Taiwanese aloeswood > smokeless sandalwood.[50]
Research carried out in Taiwan in 2001 linked the burning of incense sticks to the slow accumulation of potential carcinogens in a poorly ventilated environment by measuring the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (including benzopyrene) within Buddhist temples. The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.[51]
A survey of risk factors for lung cancer, also conducted in Taiwan, noted an inverse association between incense burning and adenocarcinoma of the lung, though the finding was not deemed significant.[52]
In contrast, a study by several Asian Cancer Research Centers[clarify] showed: "No association was found between exposure to incense burning and respiratory symptoms like chronic cough, chronic sputum, chronic bronchitis, runny nose, wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis, or pneumonia among the three populations studied: i.e. primary school children, their non-smoking mothers, or a group of older non-smoking female controls. Incense burning did not affect lung cancer risk among non-smokers, but it significantly reduced risk among smokers, even after adjusting for lifetime smoking amount." However, the researchers qualified the findings by noting that incense burning in the studied population was associated with certain low-cancer-risk dietary habits, and concluded that "diet can be a significant confounder of epidemiological studies on air pollution and respiratory health."[53]
Although several studies have not shown a link between incense and cancer of the lung, many other types of cancer have been directly linked to burning incense.[specify] A study published in 2008 in the medical journal Cancer found that incense use is associated with a statistically significant higher risk of cancers of the upper respiratory tract, with the exception of nasopharyngeal cancer. Those who used incense heavily also had higher rates of a type of cancer called squamous-cell carcinoma, which refers to tumors that arise in the cells lining the internal and external surfaces of the body. The link between incense use and increased cancer risk held when the researchers weighed other factors, including cigarette smoking, diet and drinking habits. The research team noted that "This association is consistent with a large number of studies identifying carcinogens in incense smoke, and given the widespread and sometimes involuntary exposure to smoke from burning incense, these findings carry significant public health implications."[54]
In 2015, the South China University of Technology found toxicity of incense to Chinese hamsters ovary cells to be even higher than cigarettes. [55]
Frankincense has been shown to cause antidepressive behavior in mice. It activated the poorly understood ion channels in the brain to alleviate anxiety and depression.[56]
See also[edit]

Incense Route
Kōbako
Kōdō, incense arts
Kyphi
Silk Road
Smudge stick

References[edit]


^ Gina Hyams; Susie Cushner (2004). Incense: Rituals, Mystery, Lore. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-8118-3993-1. 
^ a b Maria Lis-Balchin (2006). Aromatherapy science: a guide for healthcare professionals. Pharmaceutical Press. ISBN 0-85369-578-4. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 247. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Carl Neal (2003). Incense: Crafting & Use of Magickal Scents. Llewellyn Worldwide. ISBN 0-7387-0336-2. 
^ Cunningham's Encyclopedia of magical herbs. Llewellyn Worldwide. 2000. ISBN 0-87542-122-9. 
^ a b c d "baieido-incense". Oller.net. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ a b Nielsen, Kjeld (1986). Incense in ancient Israel. p. 3. ISBN 9004077022. 
^ Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 171. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ http://incensecandlesadvice.blogspot.com/2016/09/catholic-incense-rituals-and-using.html
^ Foreign trade in the old Babylonian period: as revealed by texts from southern Mesopotamia. Brill Archive. 1960. 
^ John Marshall (1996). Mohenjo Daro And The Indus Civilization 3 Vols. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1179-9. 
^ a b c Stoddart, D. Michael (1990). The scented ape: The biology and culture of human odour. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 169. ISBN 0-521-37511-8. 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. (2012). Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church (2nd ed.). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. Page 1.
^ "中華東方香學研究會 ∙ 官方網站｜ Chinese Incense Art Association ∙ Official Website". Incenseart.org.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Adrienne Borden; Steve Coyote. "The Smudging Ceremony". 
^ Herrera, Matthew D. Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church. San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium, 2011. www.SmellsBells.com
^ a b "How to Make Incense". Scents-of-earth.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense blending contents". ancientworlds.net. April 28, 2004. Archived from the original on June 14, 2011. 
^ "Incense - United States". Orthodox Incense. 2013-08-12. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Incense". OrthodoxWiki.org. 2011-11-06. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Chen(陳), Ka-Yan(家恩), Joss Stick Manufacturing: A Study of a Traditional Industry in Hong Kong (PDF), sunzi1.lib.hku.hk 
^ "雲霄古道／溫蕉厝的剖香腳". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 陳, 永順 (2010-03-07), "失落百年 「剖香腳」技藝重現", 聯合報, 聯合新聞網 
^ "YouTube". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Making Incense". YouTube. 2006-12-18. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "台灣宏觀電視TMACTV 代代相傳 新港香". YouTube. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "製香過程". YouTube. 2009-07-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Joss | Define Joss at Dictionary.com". Dictionary.reference.com. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ Harper, Douglas. "joss". Online Etymology Dictionary. 
^ TOP. "不燒香 法鼓山行之有年 | 生活 | 中央社即時新聞 CNA NEWS". Cna.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "我們都誤會行天宮了 | 即時新聞 | 20140901 | 蘋果日報". Appledaily.com.tw. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ 作者：廣興. "香港宝莲禅寺佛教文化传播网". Hk.plm.org.cn. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "全球买家•缅甸 缅甸：谈生意莫选星期二". Ycwb.com. 2005-11-14. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ P. Morrisroe. Transcribed by Kevin Cawley. "Catholic Encyclopedia". 
^ Japanese-Incense. "Buddhist Incense – Sonae ko". 
^ Bedini, Silvio A. (1963). "The Scent of Time. A Study of the Use of Fire and Incense for Time Measurement in Oriental Countries". Transactions of the American Philosophical Society. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: American Philosophical Society. 53 (5): 1–51. JSTOR 1005923. doi:10.2307/1005923. 
^ Schafer, Edward H. (1963). The Golden Peaches of Samarkand, a Study of T'ang Exotics. University of California Press. p. 155.
^ Jonathan Mitchell; Christopher Coles (2011). Markets and Rural Poverty: Upgrading in Value Chains. IDRC. p. 50. ISBN 9781849713139. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ Malcolm Harper (2010). Inclusive Value Chains: A Pathway Out of Poverty. World Scientific. p. 249. ISBN 9789814295000. Retrieved 4 August 2013. 
^ Mark Holmström (3 Dec 2007). South Indian Factory Workers: Their Life and Their World. Cambridge University Press. p. 16. ISBN 9780521048125. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ "Incense Sticks Manufacturers, Suppliers and Exporters | Moksh". Mokshagarbatti.com. 2014-06-20. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ B. Sudhakara Reddy (1 Jan 1998). Urban Energy Systems. Concept Publishing Company. p. 84. ISBN 9788170226819. Retrieved 5 August 2013. 
^ a b c Herrera, Matthew D. (2011). "Holy Smoke: The Use of Incense in the Catholic Church" (PDF). San Luis Obispo: Tixlini Scriptorium. 
^ Silvio A. Bedini. "Time Measurement With Incense in Japan". 
^ "Myrrha". Wikipedia. 2017-02-11. 
^ Wan, Sifu. "Benefits of burning incense: Tao de Wan". www.taodewan.com. Retrieved 2017-04-18. 
^ "Incense clock". Wikipedia. 2017-04-10. 
^ "Incense in China". Wikipedia. 2017-02-10. 
^ Alexander, Jane (2009-04-01). The Smudging and Blessings Book: Inspirational Rituals to Cleanse and Heal. Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. ISBN 9781402766817. 
^ Siao Wei See; et al. (2007). "Physical characteristics of nanoparticles emitted from incense smoke". Science and Technology of Advanced Materials (free download)|format= requires |url= (help). 8 (1–2): 25–32. doi:10.1016/j.stam.2006.11.016. CS1 maint: Explicit use of et al. (link)
^ Lin, J M; L H Wang (September 1994). "Gaseous aliphatic aldehydes in Chinese incense smoke". Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology. 53 (3): 374–381. ISSN 0007-4861. PMID 7919714. doi:10.1007/bf00197229. 
^ Ger LP, Hsu WL, Chen KT, Chen CJ; Hsu; Chen; Chen (1993). "Risk factors of lung cancer by histological category in Taiwan". Anticancer Res. 13 (5A): 1491–500. PMID 8239527. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Koo, Linda C.; Ho, J.H-C.; Tominaga, Suketami; Matsushita, Hidetsuru; Matsuki, Hideaki; Shimizu, Hiroyuki; Mori, Toru (1995-11-01). "Is Chinese Incense Smoke Hazardous to Respiratory Health?: Epidemiological Results from Hong Kong". Indoor and Built Environment. 4 (6): 334–343. doi:10.1177/1420326X9500400604. 
^ "Burning incense linked to respiratory cancers". Reuters. 2008-08-25. Retrieved 2016-07-20. 
^ "Higher cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of burning incense than cigarette". Environmental Chemistry Letters. 13: 465–471. doi:10.1007/s10311-015-0521-7. 
^ Moussaieff A, Rimmerman N, Bregman T, et al. (August 2008). "Incensole acetate, an incense component, elicits psychoactivity by activating TRPV3 channels in the brain". FASEB J. 22 (8): 3024–34. PMC 2493463 . PMID 18492727. doi:10.1096/fj.07-101865. 


Further reading[edit]

Silvio A. Bedini. (1994). "The Trail of Time: Time Measurement with Incense in East Asia". Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-37482-0

External links[edit]

Photo Project about Incense Offering on Chinese New Year
Movie about making Tibetan Incense in Nepal








v
t
e


TRP channel modulators



TRPA




Activators



4-Hydroxynonenal
4-Oxo-2-nonenal
4,5-EET
12S-HpETE
15-Deoxy-Δ12,14-prostaglandin J2
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Acrolein
Allicin (garlic)
Allyl isothiocyanate (mustard, radish, horseradish, wasabi)
AM404
Bradykinin
Cannabichromene (cannabis)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cinnamaldehyde (cinnamon)
CR gas (dibenzoxazepine; DBO)
CS gas (2-chlorobenzal malononitrile)
Curcumin (turmeric)
Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Diallyl disulfide
Dicentrine (Lindera spp.)
Farnesyl thiosalicylic acid
Formalin
Gingerols (ginger)
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Hydrogen peroxide
Icilin
Isothiocyanate
Ligustilide (celery, Angelica acutiloba)
Linalool (Sichuan pepper, thyme)
Methylglyoxal
Methyl salicylate (wintergreen)
N-Methylmaleimide
Nicotine (tobacco)
Oleocanthal (olive oil)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
PF-4840154
Phenacyl chloride
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tear gases
Tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis)
Thiopropanal S-oxide (onion)
Umbellulone (Umbellularia californica)
WIN 55,212-2





Blockers



Dehydroligustilide (celery)
Nicotine (tobacco)
Ruthenium red








TRPC




Activators



Adhyperforin (St John's wort)
Diacyl glycerol
GSK1702934A
Hyperforin (St John's wort)
Substance P





Blockers



DCDPC
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GSK417651A
GSK2293017A
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
Progesterone
Pyr3
Tolfenamic acid








TRPM




Activators



ADP-ribose
BCTC
Calcium (intracellular)
Cold
Coolact P
Cooling Agent 10
CPS-369
Eucalyptol (eucalyptus)
Frescolat MGA
Frescolat ML
Geraniol
Hydroxycitronellal
Icilin
Linalool
Menthol (mint)
PMD 38
Pregnenolone sulfate
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Steviol glycosides (e.g., stevioside) (Stevia rebaudiana)
Sweet tastants (e.g., glucose, fructose, sucrose; indirectly)
Thio-BCTC
WS-3
WS-12
WS-23





Blockers



Capsazepine
Clotrimazole
DCDPC
Flufenamic acid
Meclofenamic acid
Mefenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
Nicotine (tobacco)
Niflumic acid
Ruthenium red
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Tolfenamic acid
TPPO








TRPML




Activators



MK6-83
PI(3,5)P2
SF-22








TRPP




Activators



Triptolide (Tripterygium wilfordii)





Blockers



Ruthenium red








TRPV




Activators



2-APB
5',6'-EET
9-HODE
9-oxoODE
12S-HETE
12S-HpETE
13-HODE
13-oxoODE
20-HETE
α-Sanshool (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Allicin (garlic)
AM404
Anandamide
Bisandrographolide (Andrographis paniculata)
Camphor (camphor laurel, rosemary, camphorweed, African blue basil, camphor basil)
Cannabidiol (cannabis)
Cannabidivarin (cannabis)
Capsaicin (chili pepper)
Carvacrol (oregano, thyme, pepperwort, wild bergamot, others)
DHEA
Diacyl glycerol
Dihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Estradiol
Eugenol (basil, clove)
Evodiamine (Euodia ruticarpa)
Gingerols (ginger)
GSK1016790A
Heat
Hepoxilin A3
Hepoxilin B3
Homocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Homodihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Incensole (incense)
Lysophosphatidic acid
Low pH (acidic conditions)
Menthol (mint)
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine
N-Oleoyldopamine
N-Oleoylethanolamide
Nonivamide (PAVA) (PAVA spray)
Nordihydrocapsaicin (chili pepper)
Paclitaxel (Pacific yew)
Paracetamol (acetaminophen)
Phorbol esters (e.g., 4α-PDD)
Piperine (black pepper, long pepper)
Polygodial (Dorrigo pepper)
Probenecid
Protons
Rutamarin (Ruta graveolens)
Resiniferatoxin (RTX) (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Shogaols (ginger, Sichuan and melegueta peppers)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (cannabis)
Thymol (thyme, oregano)
Tinyatoxin (Euphorbia resinifera/pooissonii)
Tramadol
Vanillin (vanilla)
Zucapsaicin





Blockers



α-Spinasterol (Vernonia tweediana)
AMG-517
BCTC
Cannabigerol (cannabis)
Cannabigerolic acid (cannabis)
Cannabigerovarin (cannabis)
Cannabinol (cannabis)
Capsazepine
DCDPC
DHEA
DHEA-S
Flufenamic acid
GRC-6211
HC-067047
Lanthanum
Meclofenamic acid
N-(p-amylcinnamoyl)anthranilic acid
NGD-8243
Niflumic acid
Pregnenolone sulfate
RN-1734
RN-9893
Ruthenium red
SB-705498
Tolfenamic acid









See also: Receptor/signaling modulators • Ion channel modulators







Wikimedia Commons has media related to Incense.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Incense&oldid=791881472"					
Categories: IncenseHidden categories: Pages using citations with format and no URLCS1 maint: Explicit use of et al.CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from July 2016Articles needing additional references from December 2010All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from November 2016Articles containing Japanese-language textArticles needing additional references from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015All Wikipedia articles needing clarificationWikipedia articles needing clarification from July 2016Articles needing more detailed references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuБеларускаяBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCymraegDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתLatinaLatviešuLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenščinaکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt文言粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 01:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










incense wholesale | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				incense holder wholesale incense holder incense burner wholesale nag champa incense wholesale jewelry lots















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






888
results for incense wholesale

Follow incense wholesale to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow incense wholesale to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following incense wholesale in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  incense wholesale: 
 












Items in search results








500 SCENTED Incense Sticks  you pick the flavor wholesale 5  Bundles




					$22.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					109 sold










Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









9 product ratings




					$9.89



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					48 sold















Incense oil Wholesale Incense burning oil for oil warmers or incense sticks




$14.99 to $88.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					13+ sold










NAG CHAMPA Incense Sticks: U Pick Amount: 100, 500 or 1,000 Bulk Wholesale Lot




$7.94 to $38.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Bulk Wholesale Incense Cones: Choose Scent and Amount: 100 250 500 1000 (World)




$9.79 to $84.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















MYRRH  Gum Resin Coarse Ground Incense Making Powder Wholesale Retail




$6.95 to $188.65




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















450-500 approx. Wholesale Incense Joss Sticks Pick 5 Fragrances.









2 product ratings




					$20.00



				Buy It Now




					4 watching










Satya Incense Bulk Wholesale You Pick 12 x 15 Gram, 180 grams Over 50 Fragrances




$17.90 to $21.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					2+ watching










Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









4 product ratings




					$9.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					248 sold















Frankincense and Myrrh Variations. Wholesale Incense Sticks. Number One quality!




$7.95 to $110.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					115+ sold










Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









9 product ratings




					$9.86



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					585 sold















Hem White Sage Incense Wholesale Bulk Lot 10 x 20 Stick Box  = 200 Sticks




					$15.48



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















(Nag Champa) Incense Variations. Wholesale Incense Sticks. Number One quality!




$6.95 to $85.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					43+ sold










Pure Nag Champa Indian Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72 Cone) Wholesale Lot




					$9.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPure Nag Champa Indian Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72 Cone) Wholesale Lot















SATYA Nag Champa Incense STICKS 12 x 40 grams = 480 grams Wholesale CASE LOT




					$37.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					10 sold










Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (94) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba




					$12.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Hem Precious Chandan Incense Wholesale Bulk Lot 10 x 20 Stick Box  = 200 Sticks




					$13.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




















(Pine)  Incense Sticks 900-1000  Pieces wholesale!  Top quality!




					$31.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					1 watching










Nag Champa Fresh Rose Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 Wholesale Lot = 72 Satya Sai




					$10.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 12 Wholesale Lot Satya Sai 144




					$18.59



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 12 Wholesale Lot Satya Sai 144















Satya Sai Aastha Incense Sticks Wholesale Bulk Lot 180 gm (12 x 15 gm packs)




					$19.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









4 product ratings




					$9.89



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Hem White Sage Incense 20 Stick Box x 10 Packs = 200 Sticks Wholesale Bulk









6 product ratings




					$15.65



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
natural incense - wholesale pack




					$23.56



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
1Bag Natural Wood Sandalwood Blocks Strip Bulk Incense Home Room Air Fragrances




					$8.64

									Was: Previous Price
$9.09




				Buy It Now




						5% off




					From China







12 PACKS GIANT INCENSE STICKS wholesale lots home scent large stick scented new




					$12.99



				Buy It Now













85-100 Incense Sticks * FRESH HANDMADE*  Wholesale!!! 40 + Scents - List # 1




					$6.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Hem Christmas Holiday Incense Best Seller Wholesale Lot: 10 x 20 = 200 Sticks!




					$16.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Nag Champa Incense Sticks 100 g x 3, 300 Grams Satya Sai Baba Original Wholesale




					$22.80



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













WHOLESALE Approx 1000 HOTTEST SELLING 11" Premium INCENSE STICKS 10 x 100 Packs




					$32.88



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 12 (144) Wholesale Lot Satya




					$17.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					107 sold















Goloka Nag Champa Dhoop Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 10 Wholesale Lot = 120 Cones!




					$14.15



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















100 Bulk Charcoal Incense Sticks Free Shipping Handling Wholesale Price




					$0.99



				Buy It Now













Goloka Nag Champa Incense Sticks: Wholesale Bulk 1000 gram Agarbathi (4 x 250)




					$63.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















1000 Sticks - Jamaican Coconut Fragrance Oil Top Quality Incense. Wholesale!




					$29.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					20 sold










Hem Cinnamon Fragrance Incense Hex Pack - 20 Sticks a Pack NEW Wholesale




					$2.49



				Buy It Now


















AASTHA Incense 12 x 15 Gram Packs, 180 grams Wholesale Bulk Lot-Satya




					$19.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					20 sold










Nag Champa Original Incense Stick 600 gm Wholesale case lot Satya Sai Baba




					$45.96



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					53 sold



See more like thisNag Champa Original Incense Stick 600 gm Wholesale case lot Satya Sai Baba







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Thu, Aug. 3















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba 6 x 12, 72









4 product ratings




					$9.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					32 sold










White Sage Smudge 4" to 5" Stick House Cleansing Negativity Removal WHOLESALE




					$1.97



				Buy It Now




					1981 sold










Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba 3 x 12, 36




					$6.24



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba 3 x 12, 36










Hem Sage Salvia Fragrance Incense Hex Pack - 20 Sticks a Pack NEW Wholesale




					$2.49



				Buy It Now


















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (96) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba




					$13.79



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (96) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba















African Breeze Incense Variations. Wholesale Incense Sticks. Number One quality!




$6.95 to $85.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					4+ watching










Goloka Nag Champa Dhoop Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 10 Wholesale Lot = 60 Cones!




					$8.08



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					73 sold



See more like thisGoloka Nag Champa Dhoop Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 10 Wholesale Lot = 60 Cones!

















3 BOX LOT of Gonesh Brand Incense Cones COCONUT 25 per box/75 total WHOLESALE




					$7.09



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					23 sold












Hem Dragon's Blood Fragrance Incense Hex Pack - 20 Sticks a Pack NEW Wholesale




					$2.49



				Buy It Now




					Only 1 left!















2500 SCENTED Incense Sticks  you pick the flavor wholesale 25  Bundles




					$115.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (94) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba




					$12.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Wholesale Lot Incense Sticks Flute Display Box 12 Box Choose 50 Fragrance Scent




					$300.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					9 watching















PATCHOULI Wholesale Scent Oil – over 200 Scents Available!




$24.99 to $39.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Wholesale Frankincense Granular Resin Incense Bulk+ Charcoal  lb pound oz




$19.75 to $74.75




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					62+ sold



See more like thisWholesale Frankincense Granular Resin Incense Bulk+ Charcoal  lb pound oz















SPONSORED
HEM Chakra Balancing Incense - 2 boxes of 7 chakra packs each, 5 sticks per pack




					$7.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









$5 off $25+














SPONSORED
Woods Natural Incense Wholesale Pack India Aroma 6 x 20 Stick Boxes NEW




					$23.94



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisWoods Natural Incense Wholesale Pack India Aroma 6 x 20 Stick Boxes NEW













Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All


 Home & Garden
(1,277)






 Home Décor
(1,269)






 Home Fragrances
(1,264)




Incense
(1,216)


Incense Burners
(40)


Other Home Fragrances
(2)


Air Fresheners
(1)


Essential Oils & Diffusers
(1)






Collectibles
(98)






Crafts
(21)







Everything Else
(152)


Health & Beauty
(15)


Consumer Electronics
(7)


Antiques
(4)


Jewelry & Watches
(4)


Sporting Goods
(4)


Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(1)


Entertainment Memorabilia
(1)


Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(1)


Show more







Type
see allType




Bakhoor
(8)





Incense Cones
(138)





Incense Resin
(12)





Incense Sticks
(451)






Brand
see allBrand




"Handmade"
(21)





GONESH
(1)





Hem
(22)





Nag Champa
(9)





Satya
(88)





Unbranded
(42)






Scent
see allScent




Assorted/Mixed
(3)





Frankincense
(25)





Lavender
(25)





Musk
(25)





Patchouli
(18)





Rose
(22)





Sandalwood
(46)






Condition
see allCondition




New with tags
(601)





New other (see details)
(287)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(888)



Auction
(0)




Buy It Now
(888)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-28 23:11. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.























Shop Amazon.com | Incense Holders













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Incense Holders



Incense Holders
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Furniture Best Sellers Shop by Room Living Room Bedroom Mattresses & Boxsprings Kitchen & Dining Entertainment Office Rugs Home Décor Wedding Registry












































































Incense Holders










Best sellers




Previous page







Premium Abalone Shell with Wooden...



Alternative Imagination




178



$18.99  









Medoosky Tang Dynasty Style 4.9-Inch...





21



$17.90 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.90  









PIXNOR Ceramic Glaze Incense Smoke...





7



$12.99  








Incense Burner Plain Wood - 1 pc



Starwest Botanicals




145



$4.12  










India Small Decorated Brass Charcoal...





865



$8.50  









Combo Incense Ash Holder Themed USA...



OOSG




49



$10.00  









Handmade Boat Wooden Carved Incense...





39



$6.45  










New Age Smudges and Herbs Abalone...





204



$12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.49  










GSM DISTRIBUTION Brass Aladdin Genie...





492



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.00  









MEDOOSKY Stick Incense Burner and...



Medoosky




26



$21.90 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.80  










Chakra Stone Set with 7 Crystals...



Chakra Palace




175



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.95  









Incense Burner ~ Traditional Incense...





268



$10.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.60  









5"+ Hand Selected Premium Abalone...



Alternative Imagination




61



$10.49  









TrendBox Ceramic Handmade Artistic...





264



$9.59  










Accessories - Misc Holders Tibetan...



New Age Imports




1,000



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.68  









Hosley 5" High Large Soapstone...





64



$14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.99  









100 PCS Backflow Incense Cone...



OTOFY




7



$16.85 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.38  









Kwik Lite Brand Quick Lighting Long...



BanKhok




167



$16.95  










Govinda® Wooden Coffin Incense Burner...





64



$9.95  









Aromatherepy Hosley's 10.75"High...



Hosley




24



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.98  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






MEDOOSKY Brass Lotus Stick Incense...



Medoosky




20



$17.90 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.80  









COOSA 3D Effect Starburst Fireworks...





2



$25.99  









The Indigo and Herb Glass Elephant...



Indigo and Herb




4



$9.99  










3mm Thick 4" Colored Striped Glass...



Kelly Feature


$9.99  









4mm Super Thick Heavy Glass Oil...



Kelly Feature










kaiCran 70 pcs Back Incense Cones...





2



$4.77  








Incense Burner Backflow Set Mixed...



CORCIO




35



$17.99  










SHREDDER SAMURAI Pocket Steamroller...



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.00  









MEDOOSKY Enamel Jewelry Craft Stick...





5



$17.90 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.80  









Backflow Incense Burner Little Monk...



Tongyou










Plus Long Type OTOFY 50 PCS Backflow...



OTOFY




4



$17.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.99  









Uoon Larger Buddha Incense Burner...



UOON


$36.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.99  









COOSA 3D Circle Pattern Electric Oil...





1



$22.99  









Sun Dragon ASH HOLDER 8 ARM PERC 45...



$20.99  








Sun Dragon Ash Catcher with Swirl...



$11.99  








Antique classic Aladdin lamp...



Spie


$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.99  








Thai Buddha Statue Zen Garden Incense...



Zamonji


$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.00  









Sun Dragon ASH HOLDER 11 ARM PERC 45...





1



$20.99  








Sun Dragon ASH HOLDER 11 ARM PERC 45...



$22.99  








OHTOP Glazed Ceramic Censer Church...



$3.29  


Next page













Most gifted




Previous page






New Age Wooden Triple Moon Herb Cupboard



New Age Smudges and Herbs




131



$25.99  









Ceramic Art Craft Carp Dragon Smoke...



BEESS




7



$26.00  









Celawork Dragon Incense Holder...





9



$43.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $36.99  









Home-n-Gifts Scary Grim Reaper in...



Home 'n Gifts




36



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.19  









MyGift Home Zen Garden Set - Buddha...





54



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.99  









Ceramic Incense Burner Backflow Cones...



OCIOLI




9



$48.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.89  








Ceramic Censer Dragon Smoke Backflow...



ShuangChuang




2



$14.99  









Ceramic Censer - Pistha Ceramic Glaze...



Pistha




23



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  









UOON Handmade Ceramic Stick Incense...





10



$11.99  










Govinda - Round Tree of Life Altar...





17



$10.95  









Bone Chilling Skeleton Arm and Hand...



Home 'n Gifts




33



$20.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.95  










New Age Imports Tree of Life Wooden...



New Age Smudges and Herbs




249



$12.99  










Govinda - Tibetan Incense Burner...





94



$11.95  









Ceramic mountain peak Boat Style...



Spie




9



$15.99  









Incense Burner Backflow Tower Cones...



OCIOLI




50



$52.66 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  









Pixnor Ceramic Glaze Incense Smoke...





65



$9.99  









Blouse Shirt, BeautyVan Women...



Beautyvan




76



$7.78  








Pixnor Ceramic Glaze Incense Smoke...



PIXNOR




20



$5.99  









Gift Pro Ceramic Backflow Incense...





64



$14.99  









MagiDeal Ceramic Glaze Incense Smoke...





65



$8.99  



Next page













Top rated




Previous page






Diwali Gifts Antique Incense Burner...



Store Indya




12












Step Sided Stone Incense Burning Bowl



Other




11











Censer On Wood Base - 4 1/2" Diameter...





11











Alice's Wonderland Smoking Tower...



Nose Desserts®




10












Starry Screen Black charcoal burner



AzureGreen




9












House Blessing Cleansing Gift Set by...



Sage N Smudge TM




9











WINOMO Ceramic Incense Smoke Cone...





7












Sage Smudge Smudging Feather Plus...



Sage N Smudge




7



$12.95  









House Purification Smudging Cleansing...



Sage N Smudge




7



$39.84  









Attract Love Incense Plus Canoe...





7



$5.94  








Sun Dragon Ash Catcher with Silicone...





6



$24.99  








1 X 10" Peace Incense Burner



Burnies




6



$8.99  









Essential Market-Vitamin C Serum...



Essential Market Vitamin C Serum




5



$10.98  










StealStreet SS-G-71196 Incense Burner...





5



$36.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.39  










Govinda - Brass And Mother of Pearl...





5



$12.95  










Onyx Colored Glazed Ceramic Feather...





5



$32.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $27.99  









Día de Muertos Day of the Dead Sugar...



DWK




5



$18.07  










Design Toscano Dragon of Trelawny...





5



$20.90 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.90  









Electric Incense Burner Heater - RuYi...



IncenseHouse - Electric Burner




5



$53.99  








Amscan Sun-Sational Summer Luau...





4



$7.99  


Next page













Most wished for




Previous page






Wooden Incense Holders From India...





209



$7.40  









Genie Lamp,Charminer Aladdin Genie...



Charminer




4



$8.99  









Magical Fire Breathing Dragon Head...



Home 'n Gifts




27



$21.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.95  









Bellaa Triple Head Mythical Dragon...





26



$11.00  










New Age Smudges and Herbs Wood Box...





182



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.99  









Hosley's Elegant Expressions 10.83...



Elegant Expressions




24



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.99  









Blue Mermaid Decorative Incense Holder



Bellaa




2



$6.99  









DharmaObjects Tibetan Buddha Incense...



Dharmaobjects




160



$15.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.95  










6" Abalone Shell



Pelican




87



$8.20  








Four Elephant Purple Sand Clay...



Tongyou











WEREWOLF LYCAN WOLF INCENSE BURNER...



Bellaa




7



$9.69  









Ivenf Ceramic Censer, Backflow...





89



$14.99  









SENSARI TROUGH INCENSE BURNER GIFT...



Sensari




61



$24.97 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.99  










DharmaObjects Tibetan Ganesh...



Dharmaobjects




21



$7.89  









Gifts & Decor Skeleton Incense Burner...





133



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.11  








'CLEARANCE' Cannabis Weed Antique...



Gifts & Decors




2



$13.99  









Vrinda® Wooden Pyramid Cone...



vrinda




3



$10.24  










medium Log Cabin Cedar Incense Burner...



Paine's




6



$14.99  








Collectable Rare Legend Aladdin Magic...



Usany




6



$21.99  



Next page












1-24 of 6,714 results for Home & Kitchen : Home Décor : Home Fragrance : Incense & Incense Holders : Incense Holders



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review


























PIXNOR Ceramic Glaze Incense Smoke Cone Burner Backflow Censer Tower Holderby PIXNOR$12.99$12.99FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.5 out of 5 stars
7Best Sellerin Incense HoldersSee Size OptionsPremium Abalone Shell with Wooden Tripod Stand and 3 California White Sage Smudge Sticks. Alternative Imagination Brand. (5" - 6" Abalone Shell)by Alternative Imagination$18.99$18.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31More Buying Choices$16.91(1 used offer)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
178See Color OptionsIndia Small Decorated Brass Charcoal Screen Incense Burner with Wooden Coasterby India$8.50$8.50PrimeOnly 17 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$4.00(13 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
865Handmade Boat Wooden Carved Incense Sticks Burner Ash Catcher Holder 10 L by Buddhaby Buddha$6.45$6.45PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29More Buying Choices$6.39(3 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4 out of 5 stars
39Govinda® Wooden Coffin Incense Burner - 12" Tree of Life - Brass Inlays - Storage Compartmentby Govinda$9.95$9.95PrimeOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$9.95(2 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.8 out of 5 stars
64Combo Incense Ash Holder Themed USA Glass 18mm Shower Head + Honeycomb by OOSGby OOSG$10.00$10.00More Buying Choices$10.00(6 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
49Incense Burner ~ Traditional Incense Holder with Inlaid Design ~ Approx 10 Inches, Variety of Designsby Incense Burner$4.60$4.60PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29More Buying Choices$0.50(14 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.4 out of 5 stars
268GSM DISTRIBUTION Brass Aladdin Genie Lamps Incense Burnersby GSM DISTRIBUTION$7.00$7.00$15.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29More Buying Choices$7.00(12 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.6 out of 5 stars
492MEDOOSKY Stick Incense Burner and Cone Incense Holder, Gift Setby Medoosky$12.80$12.80$21.90PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
26See Size OptionsIncense Burner Plain Wood - 1 pcby Starwest Botanicals$4.12$4.12PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29More Buying Choices$0.50new(11 offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.6 out of 5 stars
145Accessories - Misc Holders Tibetan Incense Burnerby New Age Imports$4.68$4.68PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31More Buying Choices$2.66(9 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.7 out of 5 stars
1,0005"+ Hand Selected Premium Abalone Shell with 6" Wooden Cobra Stand. Alternative Imagination Brandby Alternative Imagination$10.49$10.49PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
61100 PCS Backflow Incense Cone Osmanthus Fragrance Jasmine Incense Lavender Green Tea Sandalwood Mixed Yoga Natural Incense Stick Kitchen Incense Fragrant Coneby OTOFY$10.38$10.38$14.89PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 313% off purchase of $15.00See DetailsFREE Shipping on eligible orders and 1 more promotion
3.7 out of 5 stars
7See Color OptionsTrendBox Ceramic Handmade Artistic Incense Holder Burner Stick Coil Lotus Ash Catcher Buddhist Water Lily Plate - Three Holes Transmutation Glazeby TrendBox$9.59$9.59PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.9 out of 5 stars
264New Age Smudges and Herbs Abalone Shell 5-6" & 6" Wooden Tripodby New Age Smudges and Herbs$10.49$10.49$12.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31More Buying Choices$10.45(4 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
204Chakra Stone Set with 7 Crystals, Sage, Abalone Shell, Wood Stand, & Cage Pendant Spiritual Healing Crystal, Smudge Gift Kitby Chakra Palace$19.95$19.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.7 out of 5 stars
175Amscan Sun-Sational Summer Luau Tropical Tiki Scene Setters Decoration (5 Piece), Multi Color, 17.8 x 11.8"$7.99$7.99Only 11 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$6.99(3 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersManufacturer recommended age: 4 - 12 Years
5 out of 5 stars
4Kwik Lite Brand Quick Lighting Long Lasting Incense Burner Charcoal Briquette Tabs - 100 Per Boxby BanKhok$16.95$16.95PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31More Buying Choices$15.07(10 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.9 out of 5 stars
167Aromatherepy Hosley's 10.75"High Soapstone Tower Incense Holder. Ideal Gift for Aromatherapy, Zen, Spa, Vastu, Reiki Chakra Settings.by Hosley$10.98$10.98$19.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.2 out of 5 stars
24Kasa Style Trough Antique Wood Hand Made Double Incense Burner Ash Catcherby Kasa Style$16.94$16.94PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29More Buying Choices$16.94(2 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.7 out of 5 stars
145See Color OptionsUOON Handmade Ceramic Stick Incense Burner and Cone Incense Burner Holder (Blue)by UOON$11.99$11.99PrimeOnly 12 left in stock - order soon.FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
10See Color OptionsIncense Burner Backflow Tower Cones Sticks Holder Ceramic Porcelain Buddha Monk Ash Catcher- Greenby OCIOLI$9.99$9.99$30.66PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.1 out of 5 stars
50Hosley 5" High Large Soapstone Triangle Pyramid, Incense Cone Holder. Ideal Gift for Aromatherapy, Zen, Spa, Vastu, Reiki Chakra Settings.by Hosley$6.99$6.99$14.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29More Buying Choices$6.99(2 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.4 out of 5 stars
64New Age Imports Tree of Life Wooden Box, 4 x 6-Inchesby New Age Smudges and Herbs$12.99$12.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31More Buying Choices$12.99(4 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.4 out of 5 stars
249Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackMEDOOSKY Stick Incense Burner and Cone Incense Holder, Gift Setby Medoosky$12.80$12.80$21.90PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
26Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackMEDOOSKY Enamel Jewelry Craft Stick Incense Burner and Cone Incense Holder, Japanese-styleby MEDOOSKY$13.80$13.80$17.90PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible orders
5 out of 5 stars
5Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackYajna Frankincense And Myrrh 100% Natural Incense Sticks Handmade Hand Dipped The Best Woods Scent 100 Packby YajnaCurrently unavailable
5 out of 5 stars
2Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackEPFamily Incense Burner, Black Ceramic Glaze Backflow Incense Holder, Censer Tower For Cone Incense, For Home Decor, Yoga, Room, Christmas Giftsby EPFamily$11.99$11.99$18.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersSponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackCone Incense Burner with Brass Calabash Incense Stick Holder - Chinese Ge Kiln Porcelain Decorated Charcoal Censer - Ceramic Incense Ash Catcher Tray Bowlby Asriver$11.99$11.99$22.99PrimeOnly 17 left in stock - order soon.FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.8 out of 5 stars
30Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackIncense Stick Burner Holder - Porcelain Decorative Flower Incense Burner Bowl - Ceramic Incense Cone Ash Catcher Trayby Asriver$14.99$14.99$18.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
52

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
280
 
Next Page


















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback










Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.

Related Categories You Might LikePlaques | Artificial Plants | Candle Holders | Fireplace Screens | Candles | Rugs | Clocks





Show results for
                                Home & Kitchen
                                Home Décor
                                Home Fragrance
                                Incense & Incense HoldersIncense HoldersRefine byScentBotanicalCotton & LinenFruitRainSea & OceanSpiceSummerFoodUnscentedFreshAromatherapyFestiveMaterialCeramicWoodMetalPlasticGlassStoneFabricSee moreColor
Black
Grey
White
Brown
Beige
Red
Pink
Orange
Yellow
Ivory
Green
Blue
Purple
Gold
Silver
Multi
ClearSubscribe & SaveSubscribe & Save EligibleAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonFeature KeywordsStickConesTraditionalCeramicWoodenCharcoalJapaneseSee moreFeatured BrandsPIXNORAlternative ImaginationIndiaGovindaOOSGIncense BurnerGSM DISTRIBUTIONSee morePackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpNew ArrivalsLast 30 daysLast 90 daysInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsedPriceUnder $25$25 to $50$50 to $100$100 to $200$200 & Above$$GoDiscount10% Off or More25% Off or More50% Off or More70% Off or MoreSellerSpieWeShipASAPCuckoo-Palace & Erzgebirge-PalaceTongyouAmazon.comCuckooclocksNabil's Gift ShopACS-WEB SHOP　ravenblackwoodFeng XueSee moreAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












incense wholesale | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				incense holder wholesale incense holder incense burner wholesale nag champa incense wholesale jewelry lots















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






888
results for incense wholesale

Follow incense wholesale to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow incense wholesale to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following incense wholesale in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  incense wholesale: 
 












Items in search results








500 SCENTED Incense Sticks  you pick the flavor wholesale 5  Bundles




					$22.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					109 sold










Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









9 product ratings




					$9.89



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					48 sold















Incense oil Wholesale Incense burning oil for oil warmers or incense sticks




$14.99 to $88.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					13+ sold










NAG CHAMPA Incense Sticks: U Pick Amount: 100, 500 or 1,000 Bulk Wholesale Lot




$7.94 to $38.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Bulk Wholesale Incense Cones: Choose Scent and Amount: 100 250 500 1000 (World)




$9.79 to $84.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















450-500 approx. Wholesale Incense Joss Sticks Pick 5 Fragrances.









2 product ratings




					$20.00



				Buy It Now




					4 watching










MYRRH  Gum Resin Coarse Ground Incense Making Powder Wholesale Retail




$6.95 to $188.65




				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Satya Incense Bulk Wholesale You Pick 12 x 15 Gram, 180 grams Over 50 Fragrances




$17.90 to $21.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					2+ watching










Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









4 product ratings




					$9.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					248 sold















Frankincense and Myrrh Variations. Wholesale Incense Sticks. Number One quality!




$7.95 to $110.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					115+ sold










Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









9 product ratings




					$9.86



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					585 sold















Hem White Sage Incense Wholesale Bulk Lot 10 x 20 Stick Box  = 200 Sticks




					$15.48



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















(Nag Champa) Incense Variations. Wholesale Incense Sticks. Number One quality!




$6.95 to $85.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					43+ sold










Pure Nag Champa Indian Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72 Cone) Wholesale Lot




					$9.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPure Nag Champa Indian Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72 Cone) Wholesale Lot















SATYA Nag Champa Incense STICKS 12 x 40 grams = 480 grams Wholesale CASE LOT




					$37.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					10 sold










Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (94) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba




					$12.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Hem Precious Chandan Incense Wholesale Bulk Lot 10 x 20 Stick Box  = 200 Sticks




					$13.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




















(Pine)  Incense Sticks 900-1000  Pieces wholesale!  Top quality!




					$31.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					1 watching










Nag Champa Fresh Rose Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 Wholesale Lot = 72 Satya Sai




					$10.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 12 Wholesale Lot Satya Sai 144




					$18.59



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 12 Wholesale Lot Satya Sai 144















Satya Sai Aastha Incense Sticks Wholesale Bulk Lot 180 gm (12 x 15 gm packs)




					$19.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 12 (72) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba









4 product ratings




					$9.89



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Hem White Sage Incense 20 Stick Box x 10 Packs = 200 Sticks Wholesale Bulk









6 product ratings




					$15.65



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
1Bag Natural Wood Sandalwood Blocks Strip Bulk Incense Home Room Air Fragrances




					$8.64

									Was: Previous Price
$9.09




				Buy It Now




						5% off




					From China







SPONSORED
natural incense - wholesale pack




					$23.56



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













85-100 Incense Sticks * FRESH HANDMADE*  Wholesale!!! 40 + Scents - List # 1




					$6.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













12 PACKS GIANT INCENSE STICKS wholesale lots home scent large stick scented new




					$12.99



				Buy It Now













Hem Christmas Holiday Incense Best Seller Wholesale Lot: 10 x 20 = 200 Sticks!




					$16.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Nag Champa Incense Sticks 100 g x 3, 300 Grams Satya Sai Baba Original Wholesale




					$22.80



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













WHOLESALE Approx 1000 HOTTEST SELLING 11" Premium INCENSE STICKS 10 x 100 Packs




					$32.88



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 12 (144) Wholesale Lot Satya




					$17.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					107 sold















Goloka Nag Champa Dhoop Incense Cones Bulk 12 x 10 Wholesale Lot = 120 Cones!




					$14.15



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















100 Bulk Charcoal Incense Sticks Free Shipping Handling Wholesale Price




					$0.99



				Buy It Now













Goloka Nag Champa Incense Sticks: Wholesale Bulk 1000 gram Agarbathi (4 x 250)




					$63.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















1000 Sticks - Jamaican Coconut Fragrance Oil Top Quality Incense. Wholesale!




					$29.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					20 sold










AASTHA Incense 12 x 15 Gram Packs, 180 grams Wholesale Bulk Lot-Satya




					$19.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					20 sold










Nag Champa Original Incense Stick 600 gm Wholesale case lot Satya Sai Baba




					$45.96



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					53 sold



See more like thisNag Champa Original Incense Stick 600 gm Wholesale case lot Satya Sai Baba















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba 6 x 12, 72









4 product ratings




					$9.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					32 sold










Hem Cinnamon Fragrance Incense Hex Pack - 20 Sticks a Pack NEW Wholesale




					$2.49



				Buy It Now


















White Sage Smudge 4" to 5" Stick House Cleansing Negativity Removal WHOLESALE




					$1.97



				Buy It Now




					1981 sold










Hem Sage Salvia Fragrance Incense Hex Pack - 20 Sticks a Pack NEW Wholesale




					$2.49



				Buy It Now


















Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba 3 x 12, 36




					$6.24



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba 3 x 12, 36










Nag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (96) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba




					$13.79



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNag Champa Super Hit Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (96) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba















African Breeze Incense Variations. Wholesale Incense Sticks. Number One quality!




$6.95 to $85.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					4+ watching










Goloka Nag Champa Dhoop Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 10 Wholesale Lot = 60 Cones!




					$8.08



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					73 sold



See more like thisGoloka Nag Champa Dhoop Incense Cones Bulk 6 x 10 Wholesale Lot = 60 Cones!

















3 BOX LOT of Gonesh Brand Incense Cones COCONUT 25 per box/75 total WHOLESALE




					$7.09



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					23 sold










2500 SCENTED Incense Sticks  you pick the flavor wholesale 25  Bundles




					$115.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping















Hem Dragon's Blood Fragrance Incense Hex Pack - 20 Sticks a Pack NEW Wholesale




					$2.49



				Buy It Now




					Only 1 left!















Nag Champa Original Incense Cones Bulk 8 x 12 (94) Wholesale Lot Satya Sai Baba




					$12.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Wholesale Lot Incense Sticks Flute Display Box 12 Box Choose 50 Fragrance Scent




					$300.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					9 watching















PATCHOULI Wholesale Scent Oil – over 200 Scents Available!




$24.99 to $39.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Wholesale Frankincense Granular Resin Incense Bulk+ Charcoal  lb pound oz




$19.75 to $74.75




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					62+ sold



See more like thisWholesale Frankincense Granular Resin Incense Bulk+ Charcoal  lb pound oz















SPONSORED
HEM Chakra Balancing Incense - 2 boxes of 7 chakra packs each, 5 sticks per pack




					$7.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









$5 off $25+














SPONSORED
Woods Natural Incense Wholesale Pack India Aroma 6 x 20 Stick Boxes NEW




					$23.94



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisWoods Natural Incense Wholesale Pack India Aroma 6 x 20 Stick Boxes NEW













Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All


 Home & Garden
(1,277)






 Home Décor
(1,269)






 Home Fragrances
(1,264)




Incense
(1,216)


Incense Burners
(40)


Other Home Fragrances
(2)


Air Fresheners
(1)


Essential Oils & Diffusers
(1)






Collectibles
(98)






Crafts
(21)







Everything Else
(152)


Health & Beauty
(15)


Consumer Electronics
(7)


Antiques
(4)


Jewelry & Watches
(4)


Sporting Goods
(4)


Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(1)


Entertainment Memorabilia
(1)


Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(1)


Show more







Type
see allType




Bakhoor
(8)





Incense Cones
(138)





Incense Resin
(12)





Incense Sticks
(451)






Brand
see allBrand




"Handmade"
(21)





GONESH
(1)





Hem
(22)





Nag Champa
(9)





Satya
(88)





Unbranded
(42)






Scent
see allScent




Assorted/Mixed
(3)





Frankincense
(25)





Lavender
(25)





Musk
(25)





Patchouli
(18)





Rose
(22)





Sandalwood
(46)






Condition
see allCondition




New with tags
(601)





New other (see details)
(287)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(888)



Auction
(0)




Buy It Now
(888)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-28 23:11. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.

























Amazon.com: Incense







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-16 of 54,401 results for "Incense"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals








Sponsored by SanbodhiA Moment to Inner Healing.> Shop nowSanbodhi Four Seasons Rejuvenating Chinese Incense Sticks - 4-pack 120 sticksSanbodhi Tibetan Sleeping Aid Incense, 35-stick Per Box, Pack of 2Sanbodhi Tibetan Healing Function Incense 32 Coils and Holder (Rejuvenating)Ad feedback

Showing most relevant results. See all results for Incense.



Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.Amazon's Choicefor "Incense"Nag Champa Sunrise Sandalwood Midnight Patchouli Celestial Fortune Blessings Romance Super Hit Jasmine Blossom Rain forest by Satya Gift Setby Nag Champa$13.17$13.17Get it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $13.17Other Sellers
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,630Satya - Set of 6 - Nag Champa, Sunrise, Sandalwood, Midnight, Patchouli, Celestial 15 gramsby Satya$8.49$8.49Get it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $8.46Other Sellers
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,184HEM Incense Sticks Best Sellers 6 Boxes X 20 Grams, Variety Pack, Total 120 Gm (#2)by HEM Collection$6.49$6.49PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.09(19 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
324Product FeaturesBest selling incense fragrances from hem corporationHem Celestial Incense Variety Sun Moon Star Planet Galaxy, 100 Stickby Hem$6.27$6.27PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.99(12 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
207Product FeaturesIncense Sticks from the HEM company in India


SponsoredThese are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackMurphy's Naturals Ceramic Incense...$12.00$12.00$16.005 out of 5 stars1Govinda® Incense - Madre Maria -...$6.95$6.95Tibetan Incense, Sanbodhi Stomach...$19.99$19.99$50.003.7 out of 5 stars24Tulasi Vanilla Premium Scented Incense...$15.95$15.95







Hem  Lavender Incense Sticks, 120 Countby Hem$5.98$5.98FREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$1.99(16 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
307Product FeaturesHem Incense is the world's most popular incense stickSandalwood, Frankincense, Egyptian Musk, Mango Butter, Nag Champa, Rain - Premium Choice Incense By Oakland Gardens (100 x Egytian Musk Incense)by Oakland Gardens Wedding & Home Decor$8.95$8.95$10.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.95(2 new offers)
4.1 out of 5 stars
16815% off purchase of 2 itemsSee Details5% off purchase of 3 items and 1 more promotionProduct FeaturesApprox 100 x Incense Sticks (142+ Grams) per Incense TypeSix Most Popular HEM Incense Scents Of All Time, 120 Sticks Total, With Free Burner - 20 Sticks Each of Dragon's Blood, Frankincense & Myrrh, Patchouli, Precious Lavender, First Rain, and White Sageby Tom's Incense$8.49$8.49PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$3.31(5 new offers)
4.5 out of 5 stars
24Product FeaturesThe six best selling HEM incense scents from the last 20 yearsNag Champa Agarbatti, 250 Gby Nag Champa$14.23$14.23PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.23(13 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,361Product FeaturesExport quality incenseCeramic Incense Burner Backflow Cones Sticks Holder Porcelain Lotus Pond Censer- Brownby OCIOLI$12.89$12.89FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.9 out of 5 stars
9Product Features... steam down like a waterfall, the incense burner surrounded by smoke, a ...Aromatherapy Hosley 480 Pack:LAVENDER FIELDS EUCALYPTUS MINT RUSTIC SANDALWOOD SWEET PEA JASMINE TROPICAL MIST APPLE CINNAMON FRESH BAMBOO WIND DRAGON'S BLOOD MYRRH LAVENDER LILAC HILLS FRANKINCENSEby Hosley$14.98$14.98$27.98PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.1 out of 5 stars
110Product Features... BENEFITS: Hosley incense are hand fragranced, infused with essentials ...Sai Baba Super Hit Incense, 100gby Sai Baba$7.25$7.25PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.96(34 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
404Product FeaturesIt is a quality incenseGift Set of 6 Nag Champa Sandalwood Patchouli Rose Lavender and White Sage Incense Kit(incense Holder Included)by Divine$8.19$8.19PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.19(2 new offers)
4.2 out of 5 stars
278Product FeaturesHand rolled incense, Non Toxic,Free from Alcohol,not tested on AnimalsSet of 6 Nag Champa Sunrise Sandalwood Patchouli Celestial Super Hit by Satyaby Satya Sai Baba$8.45$8.45PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.45(10 new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
522Product FeaturesEach box contains 15 grams of incenseHosley 300 Pack Assorted Highly Fragranced Incense Sticks with Bonus Holder - Eucalyptus & Thyme , Fresh Bamboo , Lavender Chamomile , Lemongrass , Radiant Orchid , Sensual Amberby Hosley International$11.98$11.98$19.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.7 out of 5 stars
73Product Features... BENEFITS: Hosley incense are hand fragranced, infused with essentials ...Set of 12 Nag Champa, Super Hit, Aastha, Buddha Blessing, Aura Cleansing, Arabian Musk, Chakra, Dragon Fire, Prana, Tantra, Sandalwood, Patchouli Forest by Satyaby Satya$11.11$11.11Get it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $11.11Other Sellers
4.5 out of 5 stars
64Product FeaturesSet of 12 Variety Incense Sticks by Satya.Premium Incense Sticks, Lavender, Sandalwood, Jasmine, Patchouli, Rose, Vanilla, Variety Gift Pack 180 Stciks Includes a Holder in Each Boxby Karma Scent$24.95$24.95$28.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn stock on August 1, 2017More Buying Choices$24.95(2 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
88Product FeaturesIncludes one hundred and eighty Sticks and six Incense burners














 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forHome & KitchenIncenseIncense HoldersHome Fragrance ProductsBeauty & Personal CareAromatherapy DiffusersKitchen & DiningHealth & HouseholdSolid & Liquid Air FreshenersDigital MusicBooksEverything ElseClothing, Shoes & JewelryPatio, Lawn & GardenTools & Home ImprovementIndustrial & ScientificHandmadeGrocery & Gourmet FoodSports & OutdoorsCDs & VinylOffice ProductsBabyToys & GamesAppliancesAutomotive Parts & AccessoriesKindle StoreElectronicsApps & GamesCollectibles & Fine ArtMovies & TVSee All 25 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBrandNag ChampaMorningstarSHOYEIDOHemSatyaOakland Gardens Wedding & Home DecorHosleyDivineSatya Sai BabaSensariHEM CollectionIncenseTom's IncenseSai BabaGolokaFurniture MaterialWoodBambooMetalCeramicFabricPlasticStoneHome Fragrance & Candle ScentBotanicalRainFruitFoodSpiceAromatherapyColor
Gold
GreyAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates










Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   HomeFollowingMotorsExpand: MotorsParts & AccessoriesParts & AccessoriesCars & Truck PartsMotorcycle PartsAutomotive Tools & SuppliesSales & EventsMotors DealsVehiclesVehiclesCars & TrucksMotorcyclesClassics & ExoticsPowersportsRVs & Other VehiclesMotors BlogFashionExpand: FashionTop CategoriesWomen's ClothingWomen's ShoesMen's ClothingMen's ShoesHandbags & AccessoriesLuxury HandbagsKids & BabyAdditional CategoriesJewelryWatchesBeautyHealthFashion DealsSales & EventsPre-owned FashionElectronicsExpand: ElectronicsTop CategoriesCell Phones & AccessoriesCameras & PhotoComputers & TabletsTV & Home TheaterVideo Games & ConsolesSmart HomeCamera DronesAdditional CategoriesiPhoneNintendo SwitchPortable AudioCar Audio, Video & GPSElectronics DealsSell Your PhonePre-owned ElectronicsCollectibles & ArtExpand: Collectibles & ArtTop CategoriesCollectiblesCoins & Paper MoneyBullion CenterSports Cards, Memorabilia & ApparelAntiquesComicsLive AuctionsAdditional CategorieseBay CollectiveFeatured Sales & EventsArtEntertainment MemorabiliaMilitariaKnives, Swords & BladesSotheby's on eBayHome & GardenExpand: Home & GardenTop CategoriesFurnitureHome DécorKitchen & DiningHousekeeping & OrganizationBabyeBay CollectiveWineAdditional CategoriesMajor AppliancesGenerators Outdoor Power EquipmentPower ToolsHome ImprovementTool StoragePetsSporting GoodsExpand: Sporting GoodsTop CategoriesGolfCyclingFishingHuntingTeam SportsFitness & RunningSales & EventsAdditional CategoriesCamping EquipmentBaseball & SoftballGolf Clothing, Shoes & AccessoriesArcheryFitness EquipmentWater SportsPre-owned Sports GearToysExpand: ToysTop CategoriesAction FiguresBoard & Traditional GamesDiecast ToysDrones & RC VehiclesLEGO & Building ToysModel Railroads & TrainsPreschool & Pretend PlayAdditional CategoriesFeatured Toy DealsBarbie Dolls & Teddy BearsDart Guns, Ride-Ons & Outdoor StructuresModels & KitsStuffed AnimalsTrading Card GamesFeatured Toy EventsBusiness & IndustrialExpand: Business & IndustrialTop CategoriesElectrical & Test EquipmentHealthcare, Lab & Life ScienceHeavy EquipmentManufacturing & MetalworkingMRO & Industrial SupplyRestaurant & CateringAdditional CategoriesOfficePacking & ShippingRetail & ServicesLight Equipment & ToolsHeavy Equipment AttachmentsHeavy Equipment Parts & AccessoriesMusicExpand: MusicTop CategoriesGuitarsPro-AudioVinyl, CDs, & MoreOrchestra & BandDrumsDJConcert TicketsAdditional CategoriesElectric GuitarsAcoustic GuitarsBassAmpsEffects & PedalsGuitar PartsPre-owned Musical InstrumentsDealsExpand: DealsTop CategoriesDaily DealsElectronic DealsFashion DealsH&G DealsGift Card DealsCollectibles & ArtAdditional CategoriesSporting Goods DealsMotors DealsTravel DealsMusical Instrument DealsShop All DealsPre-owned PicksMore Expand: MoreMotorsFashionElectronicsCollectibles & ArtHome & GardenSporting GoodsToysBusiness & IndustrialMusicDealsCarousel showing banner 1 of 3Play Banner CarouselPause Banner CarouselStunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now 10% off Coupon on $25+Use code PCOLLEGE10 on select tech, dorm essentials, and more.Shop Now Shop Now Ends Aug 1. Max $50 discount. See details.Their Best Year Starts HereSave on uniforms, denim, backpacks, tech, and more.Shop Now Shop Now Stunning Savings. Radiant You.This season’s best makeup, skin care, and more from $9.99.Shop Now Shop Now 10% off Coupon on $25+Use code PCOLLEGE10 on select tech, dorm essentials, and more.Shop Now Shop Now Ends Aug 1. Max $50 discount. See details.Popular DestinationsWomen's FashionMen's FashionTechHomeMotorsDealsSell Something!Prep for College with a 10% off CouponUse code PCOLLEGE10 on select tech, dorm essentials, and more. Min $25 purchase. Ends Aug 1.|See details.Shop Now Shop Now Daily Deals - CarouselSee All - See All DealsSee All See All Carousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Daily Deals$14.99$50.99|70% OFF$629.99$39.99$75.00|46% OFF$220.00$599.99|63% OFF$259.95$349.95|25% OFF$139.99$299.99|53% OFF$13.70$23.00|40% OFF$31.45$92.99|66% OFF$50.00$119.99$179.99|33% OFF$44.99$395.00|88% OFF$89.99$304.99|70% OFF$459.95$18.99$79.99|76% OFFTrending on eBay - CarouselSee All Trends - See All TrendsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Trending on eBay1ThinkPad43,326 Views2McDelivery1,258 Views3JIMMY CHOO30,150 Views4Nikon D81027,805 Views5Funko POP!110,788 Views6FJALLRAVEN18,376 Views7Marvel Legends62,037 Views8Logitech10,501 Views9Air Plants64,589 Views10Golf Wang15,169 ViewsTrending on eBay - Carousel paginationBid to the BeatWin exclusive items and support the kids of St. Jude.Bid Now Bid Now St. Jude patient Emma; Barry Kerch, ShinedownFeatured Sales & Events - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 4 - Featured Sales & EventsSchool SuppliesGear up for classwork and homework.Top Uniforms From $4.99Shop Cat & Jack, Old Navy, and moreMost Wanted Tech-ccessoriesUp to 40% off keyboards and moreStylish Summer Shoe SaleSandals and more from $9.99Handbags & Accessories SaleStarting at $39.99Campus-Ready LaptopsUp to 40% off | Free ShippingYour Workspace, Your WayDesks, chairs, and more under $100Summer Style, Now on SalePolos, shorts, and more from $9.99Featured Sales & Events - Carousel paginationYour Apple DestinationiPhones, MacBooks, iPads, and more for every price and budget.Shop Apple Shop Apple Editor’s Picks - CarouselSee All - See all eventsCarousel showing slide 1 of 5 - Editor’s PicksSeats That Are SculpturesSit yourself down on a work of genius Diamonds in the RustProject cars worth working for Judged by the CoverBeautiful reads from Penguin BooksFind Your FordEarly models and memorabiliaTime That Actually FliesTake off with these pilot watchesAn Eye for PastelBrighten up with these colorful sunglassesTake FlightCelebrating Amelia Earhart The Season’s Hottest CollaborationSupreme, meet Louis100 Years of NikonFocusing in on the famous camera brandEditor’s Picks - Carousel pagination












Amazon.com: Incense







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-16 of 55,551 results for "Incense"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals








Sponsored by SanbodhiA Moment to Inner Healing.> Shop nowSanbodhi Four Seasons Rejuvenating Chinese Incense Sticks - 4-pack 120 sticksSanbodhi Tibetan Sleeping Aid Incense, 35-stick Per Box, Pack of 2Sanbodhi Tibetan Healing Function Incense 32 Coils and Holder (Rejuvenating)Ad feedback

Showing most relevant results. See all results for Incense.



Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackPremium Incense Sticks, Lavender, Sandalwood, Jasmine, Patchouli, Rose, Vanilla, Variety Gift Pack 180 Stciks Includes a Holder in Each Boxby Karma Scent$24.95$24.95$28.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn stock on August 1, 2017
4.3 out of 5 stars
88Product FeaturesIncludes one hundred and eighty Sticks and six Incense burnersSponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackBless-Frankincense-and-Myrrh 100%-natural-incense-sticks Handmade-hand-dipped The-best-woods-scent-100-sticks-packby Bless International$7.99$7.99$11.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
261Product FeaturesOur handmade incense are soaked for a minimum of 48 hours.Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.Amazon's Choicefor "Incense"Nag Champa Sunrise Sandalwood Midnight Patchouli Celestial Fortune Blessings Romance Super Hit Jasmine Blossom Rain forest by Satya Gift Setby Nag Champa$13.17$13.17Get it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $13.17Other Sellers
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,630Satya - Set of 6 - Nag Champa, Sunrise, Sandalwood, Midnight, Patchouli, Celestial 15 gramsby Satya$8.49$8.49Get it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $8.46Other Sellers
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,184


SponsoredThese are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackGovinda® Incense - Opium - 120 Incense...$6.95$6.953.8 out of 5 stars4Tibetan Incense, Sanbodhi Stomach...$19.99$19.99$50.003.7 out of 5 stars24Mohan® Incense Opium Scents Pack...$16.99$16.99$34.994.2 out of 5 stars106Chakras 100% Natural Hand Dipped...$13.88$13.88$29.994 out of 5 stars19







HEM Incense Sticks Best Sellers 6 Boxes X 20 Grams, Variety Pack, Total 120 Gm (#2)by HEM Collection$6.49$6.49PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.09(19 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
324Product FeaturesBest selling incense fragrances from hem corporationHem Celestial Incense Variety Sun Moon Star Planet Galaxy, 100 Stickby Hem$6.27$6.27PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.99(12 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
207Product FeaturesIncense Sticks from the HEM company in IndiaHem  Lavender Incense Sticks, 120 Countby Hem$5.98$5.98FREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$1.99(16 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
307Product FeaturesHem Incense is the world's most popular incense stickSandalwood, Frankincense, Egyptian Musk, Mango Butter, Nag Champa, Rain - Premium Choice Incense By Oakland Gardens (100 x Egytian Musk Incense)by Oakland Gardens Wedding & Home Decor$8.95$8.95$10.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.95(2 new offers)
4.1 out of 5 stars
16815% off purchase of 2 itemsSee Details5% off purchase of 3 items and 1 more promotionProduct FeaturesApprox 100 x Incense Sticks (142+ Grams) per Incense TypeSix Most Popular HEM Incense Scents Of All Time, 120 Sticks Total, With Free Burner - 20 Sticks Each of Dragon's Blood, Frankincense & Myrrh, Patchouli, Precious Lavender, First Rain, and White Sageby Tom's Incense$8.49$8.49PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$3.31(5 new offers)
4.5 out of 5 stars
24Product FeaturesThe six best selling HEM incense scents from the last 20 yearsNag Champa Agarbatti, 250 Gby Nag Champa$14.23$14.23PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.23(13 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,361Product FeaturesExport quality incenseCeramic Incense Burner Backflow Cones Sticks Holder Porcelain Lotus Pond Censer- Brownby OCIOLI$12.89$12.89FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.9 out of 5 stars
9Product Features... steam down like a waterfall, the incense burner surrounded by smoke, a ...Aromatherapy Hosley 480 Pack:LAVENDER FIELDS EUCALYPTUS MINT RUSTIC SANDALWOOD SWEET PEA JASMINE TROPICAL MIST APPLE CINNAMON FRESH BAMBOO WIND DRAGON'S BLOOD MYRRH LAVENDER LILAC HILLS FRANKINCENSEby Hosley$14.98$14.98$27.98PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.1 out of 5 stars
110Product Features... BENEFITS: Hosley incense are hand fragranced, infused with essentials ...Sai Baba Super Hit Incense, 100gby Sai Baba$7.25$7.25PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 31FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.96(34 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
404Product FeaturesIt is a quality incenseGift Set of 6 Nag Champa Sandalwood Patchouli Rose Lavender and White Sage Incense Kit(incense Holder Included)by Divine$8.19$8.19PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.19(2 new offers)
4.2 out of 5 stars
278Product FeaturesHand rolled incense, Non Toxic,Free from Alcohol,not tested on AnimalsSet of 6 Nag Champa Sunrise Sandalwood Patchouli Celestial Super Hit by Satyaby Satya Sai Baba$8.45$8.45PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.45(10 new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
522Product FeaturesEach box contains 15 grams of incenseHosley 300 Pack Assorted Highly Fragranced Incense Sticks with Bonus Holder - Eucalyptus & Thyme , Fresh Bamboo , Lavender Chamomile , Lemongrass , Radiant Orchid , Sensual Amberby Hosley International$11.98$11.98$19.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.7 out of 5 stars
73Product Features... BENEFITS: Hosley incense are hand fragranced, infused with essentials ...Set of 12 Nag Champa, Super Hit, Aastha, Buddha Blessing, Aura Cleansing, Arabian Musk, Chakra, Dragon Fire, Prana, Tantra, Sandalwood, Patchouli Forest by Satyaby Satya$11.11$11.11Get it by Tomorrow, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $11.11Other Sellers
4.5 out of 5 stars
64Product FeaturesSet of 12 Variety Incense Sticks by Satya.Premium Incense Sticks, Lavender, Sandalwood, Jasmine, Patchouli, Rose, Vanilla, Variety Gift Pack 180 Stciks Includes a Holder in Each Boxby Karma Scent$24.95$24.95$28.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn stock on August 1, 2017More Buying Choices$24.95(2 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
88Product FeaturesIncludes one hundred and eighty Sticks and six Incense burners














 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forHome & KitchenIncenseIncense HoldersHome Fragrance ProductsBeauty & Personal CareAromatherapy DiffusersKitchen & DiningHealth & HouseholdSolid & Liquid Air FreshenersDigital MusicBooksEverything ElseClothing, Shoes & JewelryPatio, Lawn & GardenArts, Crafts & SewingCell Phones & AccessoriesTools & Home ImprovementIndustrial & ScientificHandmadeGrocery & Gourmet FoodSports & OutdoorsCDs & VinylOffice ProductsBabyToys & GamesAppliancesAutomotive Parts & AccessoriesKindle StoreElectronicsMusical InstrumentsPet SuppliesApps & GamesCollectibles & Fine ArtMovies & TVVideo GamesSoftwareSee All 31 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBrandNag ChampaMorningstarSHOYEIDOHemSatyaOakland Gardens Wedding & Home DecorHosleyDivineSatya Sai BabaSensariHEM CollectionIncenseTom's IncenseSai BabaGolokaFurniture MaterialWoodBambooMetalCeramicFabricPlasticStoneHome Fragrance & Candle ScentBotanicalRainFruitFoodSpiceAromatherapyColor
Gold
GreyAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












 



 Starta ICO 

      















FAQ
Sign up
Log in












Starta Accelerator tokensale






Crowdsale conducted on July 4th, 2017






Sign up
Log in






Total raised
5,058,033
USD


Total investors
2,394






0



1,500,000 USD



5,000,000 USD



 



About The Project



Starta Accelerator


Starta Accelerator is an acceleration program launched by Starta Capital VC Fund in 2015. Mission of Starta Accelerator is to empower Eastern European frontier technology companies through exposing them to USA market. The program was customized for Eastern European founders aiming to adapt to cultural and business environment in the US, complete and define product/market fit, get traction and become part of local startup and investing ecosystem in the U.S. 











Portfolio structure

$1.5 M is used to finance 33% of existing Starta Accelerator 16/17 LLC portfolio of 21 technology startups selected and accelerated by Starta Accelerator. Starta Accelerator 16/17 LLC owns average of 7% equity in each company at $2M valuation
All 21 companies are at post-product stage and have traction in their home countries and U.S. market. Some of them have already raised further rounds of investment at higher valuations than Starta Accelerator 16/17 LLC nominal portfolio valuations.
Remaining amount ($3.5M) will be invested in minimum 50 new early stage startups that will be accelerated by Starta Accelerator over the period of the next 2 years. Th next Starta Accelerator batch is planned to start in September 2017, information about selected companies will be announced in September.



Cross Coin

Cross Coin is an SPV to be incorporated in Singapore as an ICO friendly jurisdiction with the only purpose to invest in Starta Accelerator. CrossCoin has an option to buy 33% of "Starta Accelerator 16/17" SPV at portfolio valuation price.
The Mission of Cross Coin is to democratize venture investments and become a bridge between crypto and fiat economies. We help venture funds, accelerators and startups to raise capital using crypto assets.






Starta Accelerator & Fund Platform






Returns Model

Acceleration vehicle and the Eastern European focus allows us to enter companies at lower valuations compared to U.S. market 
Valuation at entry - up to $2 M
Targeted exit @ $10 - $50 M  (average 10 X return per company)



Returns Strategy: Maximum Liquidity
We build working ponies - pipeline for M&A deals





Acceleration

Value-add through developing Tech Business competencies in the U.S business environment during 3.5 months in New York
We hire top U.S. professionals who act as part-time team members for startups during the program





Product
Defining product/market fit


Danny Setiawan

Lead UX The Economist
UX Designer Yahoo!
Leading UX Coach






Sales & Business Development



Roy Weissman

25+ years Executive/VP of Sales & Business Development at various corporations and  startups in the U.S.






Cultural adaptation, Communication



Anastasia Onegina

15+ years cross cultural experience (ex-USSR countries - U.S.)
MBA at Stanford






Communication & Pitch
Accent reduction, public speaking & pitch


Lisa Patti

12+ years accent & communication coach
8+ years speech & language pathology






Fundraising
Venture strategy, deck 


Saul Orbach

MassChallenge, Founders Institute mentor
5 exits (IPO and acquisition)






PR Team
PR strategy in U.S. and former USSR

 
John Varoli & Victoria Zavyalova

20+ years in media
Bloomberg, NY Times, Reuters
Tech & Science section Russia Behind the Headlines









Portfolio





E-Contenta
Personalized recommendations & dynamic personalized ads 

Learn more






SendPulse
Maximizing email marketing open rates automatically

Learn more






Kidbee
Mobile app that helps parents motivate kids to use mobile for education instead of entertainment. 

Learn more






FlashSafe
Easy to use memory-stick with unlimited storage, cloud-based flash drive with high level of encryption 

Learn more






Agrieye
Agrieye provides high quality vegetation and soil data to family farms to make them effective. 

Learn more






Kuoll
Web application monitoring system that allows CTO's, DevOps, Developers to see what user did before error happened. 

Learn more






Reveal
AI assistant that helps automating social ads, providing alerts and social media performance stats to Slack. 

Learn more






Zubmill
Zubmill is a cloud platform where any of the 200,000 U.S. dentists can find a labs and send them orders. 

Learn more






Insense
First-to-market Supply-Side Platform for advertisers to replace "brand awareness" with "ROI" in their influencer marketing campaigns.

Learn more






GuildWalls
GuildWalls offers gamers an environment with all essential features, required for their everyday life inside and outside the game in one place.

Learn more






Dress Code
Dress Code uses 3D body modeling and personal recommendations to help you buy apparel with your style, fit and no hassle.

Learn more






Cardiomo
A device which prevents diseases and can save lives by 24/7 health monitoring. 

Learn more






Bino
BINO allows you to measure customer experience with the help of mystery shopper visits. 

Learn more






Suretly
Suretly offers people an absolutely new kind of investment alternative - "crowdvouching". 

Learn more






Cindicator
Cindicator develops trading robots and algorithms for hedge funds and institutional investors using hybrid intelligence technology. 

Learn more






iCoinSoft
iCoinSoft Exchange Platform allows anybody to launch their own digital asset exchange in 2 weeks time 

Learn more






Anryze
Anryze is AI powered call tracking service for business calls

Learn more






Aerostate
Worldwide air quality forecasting with a city block resolution

Learn more






bNesis
bNesis is a Unified API service that saves up to 95% of integration time of multiple services with mobile and desktop applications

Learn more






Hyperverse
Hyperverse is a “VR park out-of-the-box” platform, that allows to transform any location into fully immersive entertainment zone.

Learn more






FriendlyData
FriendlyData helps businesses make data accessible by providing a natural language interface for databases.

Learn more







ICO
Starta Token

What represents
Proof-of-Membership
Token Price
$1 (USD)
Token amount
Equal to collected amount in USD
Token buyback
The Company undertakes to utilize allthe net profit and the assets remainedto buyback the tokens at a market price
Expenses
5% of tokens will be reserved forthe ICO administration costs
Management Fees
2.5% of net profit

INVESTMENT STRUCTURE







Team



News on portfolio companies










×





Company
E-Contenta (C-Corp DE)


Industry
AdTech


Model
B2B


Short description
Personalized recommendations & dynamic personalized ads 


Website
https://e-contenta.com/en/


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Zoya Andreeva, CEO
Alex Petrov, CTO
Alex Attsik, CBDO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$125K / $1M / Untitled Retail Lab$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator


Participance in other acceleration programs
New York Fashion Tech Lab












×





Company
SendPulse (C-Corp DE)


Industry
AdTech


Model
B2B


Short description
Maximizing email marketing open rates automatically 


Website
https://sendpulse.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Kostyantyn Makarov, CEO




Starta share
2%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$5M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
N/A/ $5M / Starta Accelerator


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Kidbee (C-Corp DE)


Industry
EdTech


Model
B2C


Short description
Mobile app that helps parents motivate kids to use mobile for education instead of entertainment. 


Website
http://kidbee.co


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Vasily Trofimchuk, CEO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
FlashSafe (C-Corp DE)


Industry
Cybersecurity


Model
B2C


Short description
FlashSafe is easy to use memory-stick with unlimited storage, cloud-based flash drive with high level of encryption


Website
https://flash.so


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Aleksei Churkin, CEO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors

                            $9K / $90K / Alexsandr Rumyantcev
                            $130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Agrieye (C-Corp DE)


Industry
AgriTech


Model
B2B


Short description
Agrieye provides high quality vegetation and soil data to family farms to make them effective. Free UAV with 4 band multispectral camera with data processing by cloud AI at 5 us per acre annually. 15 % economy boost, for 5 us farmer spares up to 100 us of growing cost. 


Website
http://Agrieye.io


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Andrii Sevriukov, CEO
Alexey Svyryd, CTO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Kuoll, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
DevOps


Model
B2B


Short description
Web application monitoring system that allows CTO's, DevOps, Developers to see what user did before error happened. 


Website
https://www.kuoll.com/


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Dmitry Kaigorodov, CEO
Eugene Stepnov, CMO
Vlad Shevchenko, CTO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator


Participance in other acceleration programs
Startup Sauna












×





Company
Revealytics, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
AdTech


Model
B2B


Short description
AI assistant that helps automating social ads, providing alerts and social media performance stats to Slack.


Website
https://revealbot.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Mikhail Trofimov, CEO
Mikhail Salosin, CTO
Iskander Musaev, CCO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$2.2M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator $150K / $2.2M / Starta Capital, Angel (Eugeny Medvednikov)
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
ZUBMILL, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
HealthTech


Model
B2B


Short description
Zubmill is a cloud platform where any of the 200,000 U.S. dentists can find a labs and send them orders. We make a professional page for the laboratories showing their price, portfolio and terms. Every day dentist’s workload includes paperwork and calls with their labs. In Zubmill we have an electronic exchange form which reduces the dentist workload and ensures order accuracy.


Website
http://zubmill.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Mikhail Chernov, CEO
Albert Bashirov, CTO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors

                            $50K / $333K / business angel Makarushkin K.
                            $130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator 
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Insense Ads, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
AdTech


Model
B2B


Short description
First-to-market Supply-Side Platform for advertisers to replace "brand awareness" with "ROI" in their influencer marketing campaigns.


Website
https://insense.pro/


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Danil Saliukov, CEO
Anton Saliukov, COO
Alexandr Fedorenko, CTO/CPO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
N/A (convertible note with discount)


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors

                            N/A / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                            $260K / N/A (convertible note) / Angels
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
GuildWalls, Data 12 CO Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
Integration Platforms


Model
B2C


Short description
GuildWalls is a social network for gamers. GuildWalls offers gamers safe and comfortable environment with all essential features, required for their everyday life inside and outside the game in one place. GuildWalls services are simple, fully integrated, complement each other. GuildWalls provide general social network functions, as well as some unique, created taking into consideration gaming specifics. 


Website
https://guildwalls.com/


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Igor Data, CEO
Nina Data, COO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Dress Code A.I., Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
Marketplace


Model
B2B


Short description
Dress Code uses 3D body modeling and personal recommendations to help you buy apparel with your style, fit and no hassle. 


Website
http://dresscode.ai


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Mickael Dorokhov, CEO
Dmytro Ustinov, Business Development Manager
Eugene Karpov, CTO
Ayrin Leypus, CMO
Anya Marfin, Product Designer




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
MEGA Accelerator by IKEA, Startup Sauna Helsinki












×





Company
Cardiomo Care, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
HealthTech


Model
B2C


Short description
Cardiomo is building a device which prevents diseases and can save lives by 24/7 health monitoring. Cardiomo is designed to alert about early stages or signs of health problems. It can monitor your current vitals and body state indicators (heart rate, EKG, body movements, breathing etc.). It transmits a signal to your phone app for basic analysis of collected data.  


Website
http://www.cardiomo.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Ksenia Belkina, CEO
Roman Belkin, CTO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$60K / $600K / Angel
                            $130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
BINO CX, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
Marketplace


Model
B2B


Short description
BINO allows you to measure customer experience with the help of mystery shopper visits. It’s simple: shopper recruitment, training, scheduling, data validation and payments are fully automated.


Website
http://www.getbino.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Ivan Terekhin, CEO
Sergey Zverev, CTO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Suretly, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
FinTech


Model
B2C, B2B2C


Short description
Suretly offers people an absolutely new kind of investment alternative - "crowdvouching". Crowdvouching is the practice of financially securing a loan repayment by vouching monetary contributions from a large number of people. Unlike P2P lending, Suretly users (vouchers) do not lend money directly to the borrowers but guarantee to repay the loan to the lender in case of borrower's default. 


Website
https://suretly.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Eugene Lobachev, CEO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
Generation Startup












×





Company
Cindicator, Vote Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
FinTech


Model
B2B


Short description
Cindicator develops trading robots and algorithms for hedge funds and institutional investors using unique technology with hybrid intelligence. The synergy of our AI trading robots and forecasts from the large pool of diverse analysts creates accurate signals and data points for stock exchange transactions. 


Website
https://cindicator.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 1 (Winter 2016)


Founders

Mike Brusov, CEO
Yuri Lobyntsev, CTO
Artem Baranov, COO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
N/A (convertible note)


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator$250K / N/A (convertible note) / Starta Capital, Eugene Medvednikov, Nokolay Belikh
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
Moscow Stock Exchange Accelerator












×





Company
iCoinSoftware, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
FinTech


Model
B2B


Short description
iCoinSoft Exchange Platform allows anybody to launch their own digital asset exchange in 2 weeks time and start making revenue by trading and exchanging blockchain  of their choice (cryptocurrencies, stocks, smart-contracts, etc)


Website
https://icoinsoft.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Alexander Yuriev, CEO
Julia Yurieva, COO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
N/A (convertible note)


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Anryze, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
SaaS


Model
B2B


Short description
Anryze is AI powered call tracking service for business calls. Anryze provides complete call data, customized analytics, reaction predictions and recommendations in order to improve performance and deliver deep customer insights


Website
http://anryze.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 3 (Winter 2017)


Founders

Gerasymenko Anton, CEO
Ezhov Mike, CMO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
Aerostate, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
GreenTech


Model
B2B


Short description
Worldwide air quality forecasting with a city block resolution


Website
http://aerostate.io


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Solomentsev Dmitry, CEO
Eugene Ganshin, CBDO
Alexander Ganshin, CTO
Ruslan Zhyravlev , Head of Research




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
N/A


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
bNesis, Inc. (C-Corp DE)


Industry
PaaS


Model
B2B


Short description
bNesis is a Unified API service that saves up to 95% of the coding time on integration of multiple clouds, social media and analytics services with mobile and desktop applications


Website
https://bnesis.com


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Dmitry Norenko, CEO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
$1.9M


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
Startup Wise Guys












×





Company
Hyperverse, Inc (C-Corp DE)


Industry
VR


Model
B2B


Short description
Hyperverse is a “VR park out-of-the-box” platform, that allows to transform any location into fully immersive entertainment zone.Our turnkey solution includes tools for studios and a technology setup — a mix of the best market devices and custom built movement tracking, which makes deployment of VR location fast and affordable.


Website
http://hyperverse.io


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Roman Mikhailov, CEO
Arsen Avdalyan, CBDO
Iskander Khabibrakhmanov, CPO




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
N/A


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator$400K / N/A / Angels
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
No












×





Company
FriendlyData, Inc (C-Corp DE)


Industry
Software, Cloud Computing


Model
B2B


Short description
FriendlyData helps businesses make data accessible by providing a natural language interface for databases.


Website
http://friendlydata.io


Starta Accelerator
Batch 2 (Fall 2016)


Founders

Michael Rumiancau, CEO
Alexander Zaytsav, CTO
Alexey Zenovich, Senior Software Architect




Starta share
7%


Latest valuation (based on last round raised)
N/A (convertible note without discount)


Rounds raisedAmount/Valuation/Investors
$130K / $1.9M / Starta Accelerator$150K / N/A (convertible note) / 500 startups VC fund (USA)
                        


Participance in other acceleration programs
500 Startups















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Insense - Terms of Use













































A platform for collaborationbetween brands and influencers





HOW IT WORKS
CASE STUDIES
LOGIN
FOR CREATORS
CAREER
PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE
EN
RU









 BACK TO LANDING


LOGIN
GET STARTED FOR FREE

EN 

EN
RU















Terms of Service
This is an agreement between you and Insense Ad Inc. ("we," "us," "Insense" or "our"). By clicking on the "I Agree" button, you acknowledge that you are an Influencer – the owner of an account in Instagram («Influencer») have authority to enter this agreement and that you have read it, understand it and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.
INSENSE PLATFORM
Subject to the Terms of Service set forth below (as amended from time to time, the "Terms of Service") you will be granted access to the Insense platform (the "Platform") through our website, www.insense.pro (the "Website") and/or our mobile application(s) (the "App"). We reserve the right at any time, with or without notice to you, to modify the Platform and its features. 
Insense Ads, Inc. reserves the right to offer you additional services at extra cost.
Accessing the Platform, you agree not to use it for any unlawful purposes and not to take any actions that may cause damage to the Platform. We reserve the right to keep a log of any user activities in the Platform and the right to use it in case you breach the above mentioned obligations through furnishing the information to judicial authorities of any jurisdiction to protect the interests of the Platform, its members and third parties.
In order to access the Platform, you will be required to establish an account by registering through our Website or our App.  You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form. You are solely responsible for the reliability of the information provided by you in the registration form. Registration data and other information about you are governed by our Privacy Policy. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security of which you become aware.
For the purposes of execution of this Contract and for the provision of security of operations within the Platform, we reserve the right to collect, store, process by any means and to transfer to third parties, and if necessary, any data concerning configuration and other characteristics of the soft hardware used by you to access the Platform, as well as any other data, automatically transmitted in the process of its interaction with your soft hardware.
To the extent you access the Platform through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. Some or all of the Platform's functionality may not work with all carriers or mobile devices. By accessing the Platform on a mobile device, you agree that we may communicate with you by notifications, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Platform through the mobile device may be communicated to us.
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform.
SOCIAL MEDIA
In order use the Platform, you may be required to register and log in with one or more social media service providers, such as Instagram. You will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such social media service providers, and not to us. The social media service providers may grant us access to certain information provided by you, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for any action taken by social media service providers, or the accuracy or availability of any information provided by social media service providers.
USER CONDUCT
You are responsible for your conduct and any data, text, files, video, images, information, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials (collectively, "content") that you upload, share, post, submit, publish, send, display or transmit (hereinafter, "transmit") via the Platform.
You agree not to use the Platform to:

transmit content in any manner that infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party;
transmit content that is unlawful or promotes unlawful activity or provides instructional information about unlawful activities, or that is harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, inflammatory, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually suggestive, libelous, invasive of another's privacy (or creates a privacy or security risk to any person), or hateful racially or ethnically;
transmit content that constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials or commercial activities;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
transmit any software viruses, spyware, worms, malware or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or other equipment; or
violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation or judicial or administrative order.

When using the Platform, you have no right to modify the software of the Platform or any part of it either yourself or through third parties, and to use any means of automatic access to the Platform, including to its front end, unless otherwise agreed with us.
We reserve the right, for any reason or no reason, to remove from the Platform any content posted by you. At our request, for any reason or no reason, you will promptly remove any content pertaining to the Platform that is posted in social media.
We reserve the right to terminate your access to the Platform in case you increase or you are suspected of increase by any means the number of followers (except natural increase). In this case, we cancel the payment due to you and earned by you in the Platform up to the moment of such termination.
SPONSORED CAMPAIGNS
You may have the opportunity to participate in sponsored campaigns coordinated through the Platform.  If you indicate interest in participating in one or more sponsored campaigns, we will be authorized to provide the applicable potential sponsors with some or all of the following information concerning you:

your name and social media identification;
contact information;
rates and pricing to which you have agreed;
sizing, product preferences, and biographical information;
shipping address. Subsequently props for photography can be delivered to you. Delivery can be carried out by sponsor or by our partners to the address, specified by you.

We also may send you requests for participation in sponsored campaigns («Requests»). Requests are not Briefs, so they do not include any concrete or defined terms of a certain campaign to be accepted by you. Briefs help us only receive information about your potential interest in participating in a campaign in the future.
If you are selected by a sponsor to participate in the campaign, you will be given access to a campaign brief through the Platform, created by the sponsor, which includes additional parameters, specifications, terms and conditions applicable to the campaign (“Brief”). The contents of the Brief / the Request and any information related to the sponsor or the Brief / the Request are confidential and you will not disclose such contents or information to any third party except as permitted in the Brief / the Request.  While negotiating the terms of the Brief, the entitled payment cannot be increased more than twofold. Since the terms of the Brief are settled, the payment due to you cannot be changed.
If you desire to accept the terms and conditions set forth in the Brief, you will acknowledge your acceptance through the Platform and such terms and conditions will be binding and incorporated into this agreement for all purposes.
You will abide by the parameters, specifications, terms and conditions set forth in any Brief accepted by you, including but not limited to required social media tags, links on required Instagram accounts and disclosures (“Required Tags”) and required photo review and approval by the Sponsor before transmitting content (“Photo Review”).  You have the right to upload maximum 3 (three) versions of a Content; Photo Review of each version lasts not longer than 3 (three) working days, unless otherwise specified in the Brief. This period may be extended by agreement with the sponsor.
You will not post any content through the Platform or social media that is disparaging to the sponsor or the sponsor's products or services.
If the Brief requires Photo Review by the Sponsor, then Sponsor shall have the sole discretion to accept or reject your submitted content, giving reasons in the commentary that do not contradict to the terms of the Brief. Your content will not be transmitted without prior Sponsor approval and may be removed at any time. You shall only be compensated for content that is accepted by Sponsor for transmitting, provided you are in compliance with Insense’s Terms of Service and the terms set forth in the Brief. You will be compensated for the transmitted content only after the Sponsor’s further confirmation of such transmitting in the Platform.
Unless specifically provided in the Brief or by a Insense team member, you will not contact any sponsor directly concerning any campaign, and you must communicate exclusively through the Platform. We are authorized to act as arbitrage in case of any disputes between the sponsors, our partners and you, basing on information fixed in the Platform. To the extent that the terms of the Brief (or the Content) have been fixed outside of the Platform (by messengers, email), these materials might be not taken into consideration.
To the extent that you are entitled to payment pursuant to the terms of any Brief, we will determine the method of payment and you will provide reasonable cooperation in facilitating the payment.  For example, if we desire to pay you through PayPal, you will be required to establish a PayPal account and to provide us with sufficient information to allow us to transfer funds to you. Each payment you are entitled to pursuant to the terms of a Brief, will be displayed in your account after negotiating of the terms of the Brief with the sponsor.
You expressly authorize Insense's service providers, Dwolla, Inc. and Solar Staff Rus LTD to originate credit transfers to your financial institution account.
You agree that we will determine the method of payment and repayment period for your services, rendered within the Platform, to the extent that we have previously notified you of variation of payment methods and repayment by sending you an email to your email address.
Using the Platform, you acknowledge the full legality of your activities. You also agree that any attempt to use illegally obtained funds will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the applicable law.
You hereby undertake to fulfill tax obligations concerning any income obtained within the Platform. Insense Ads, Inc. is not responsible for your non- providing of information to the competent regulatory authorities. You agree to carry out your tax obligations, regarding any income earned by you within the Platform incase such/any obligations arise from the legislation of the country of your citizenship and/or the country in which you operate.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You have no rights in any of our copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights, except to the extent necessary to access and use the Platform as contemplated under this agreement. The technology and software underlying the Platform is our property. You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in our technology or software.
You will not upload, transfer or post without our prior consent any content that you did not create or that you do not own all right, title and interest in and to, including, without limitation, all copyright and rights of publicity contained therein. You hereby grant to us, and any applicable sponsor in connection with a sponsored campaign in which you participate, a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use the content that you post through the Platform.  The authorship is yours. To the extent that any content you transmit on the Platform contains an image of another person, you agree to obtain from such person a written release and authorization to use and publish such image, which written release and authorization will be in form and substance acceptable to Insense.
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Platform ("Submissions"), provided by you to us are non-confidential and we will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
INDEMNITY AND RELEASE
You agree to defend (at our request), release, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates and our respective officers, employees, managers, directors and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or relating to your use of the Platform, any of your content, your violation of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of another.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE PLATFORM PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) ACCESS TO THE PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE PLATFORM WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
We have no responsibility or liability for any temporary lack of access to the software and/or hardware that operates the Platform, as well as for any losses that you sustain in this respect. We also have no responsibility or liability for any defects, errors or failures in the operation of the software and/or hardware that ensures the functionality of the Platform, caused by reasons beyond our control, as well as for any losses that you sustain in this respect.
The parties release from any responsibility arising from complete or partial failure to perform their obligations under the Terms of Service, arising from force majeure, or extraordinary events which could not be reasonably foreseen and prevented.
MODIFICATIONS
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify these Terms of Service at any time without further notice. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms of Service so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound. The updated Terms of Service shall be effective upon posting, unless specified otherwise. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of Service, do not continue to use the Platform.
TERMINATION
We may suspend, discontinue or terminate your access to the Platform at any time. We also have right to terminate your access to your account in the Platform at any time without further notice. If we suspend, discontinue or terminate your access to the Platform, or if you deactivate your account, your content and all other data and statistics may no longer be accessible to you through social media or otherwise. We have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content uploaded through the Platform.
We have the right to suspend the operation of the software and/or hardware that ensures the functionality of the Platform if a significant fault, error or failure is detected, or for the maintenance, or for the prevention of any unauthorized access to the Platform. We have the right at any time to terminate your authorized automatic access to the Platform as well as terminate the receipt of any data generated automatically.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede any prior agreements between you and us with respect to the subject matter herein. These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflicts of law rules.  Any claims arising out of or related to these Terms of Service shall be brought and litigated exclusively in a state or federal court having subject matter jurisdiction and located in Lewes, Delaware. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Platform or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The section titles in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
All other Terms of Service that applies to Insense shall also apply to Sponsor, including but not limited to the Indemnity and Release, Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability provisions set forth in the Terms of Service.
The text of these Terms of service are written in English and Russian for your convenience. Each copy is an original. In case of any contradiction between the English and the Russian text of the Terms of service, the English text will prevail.
Questions? Concerns? Suggestions?
Please contact us at hello@insense.pro to report any violations of these Terms of Service or to pose any questions regarding this Terms of Service.










CAREER
CONTACT US
PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE
Insense Ads, Inc.
















Advanced Audience Targeting & Automation for Influencer Marketing














































Advanced Audience Targeting& Automation for Influencer Marketing





HOW IT WORKS
CASE STUDIES
LOGIN
CAREER
PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE










HOW IT WORKS
CASE STUDIES
FOR CREATORS


LOGIN
GET STARTED FOR FREE

EN 

EN
RU



















ENGAGE YOUR TARGET AUDIENCE
through Instagram content creators
GET STARTED FOR FREE



























RUN AD CAMPAIGNS
WITH JUST THE CONTENT CREATORS
THAT REACH YOUR TARGET AUDIENCE
List your offer to thousands of creators across Instagram
HOW IT WORKS



















Scroll down







HOW IT WORKS















1
2
3
4
5



LIST YOUR OFFER
Add a campaign summary: audience interest, age, gender, country and even ethnicity. Send brief to have qualified creators opt in.


CREATORS SUBMIT CONTENT
Selected creators follow your brief and submit their produced branded content via their Insense mobile App.


APPROVE CREATOR’S CONTENT
Chat with multiple creators directly and accept/reject submitted content.


WATCH YOUR CONTENT GO LIVE
...And reach your target audiences with unique creator content


TRACK CAMPAIGN RESULTS
...within your dash. Select best content for re-amplification across paid & owned channels






BUILD A CAMPAIGN
Add a campaign summary, budget, quickly select the most relevant influencers or send a bid.






INFLUENCERS PRODUCE CONTENT
Influencers accept or deny their participation in our App and start producing content for your brand.






CHOOSE BRANDED CONTENT
You can review unique branded content produced by multiple influencers via your dashboard and communicate with them directly.






GET REACH
Once you approve content for posting, you start reaching thousands of followers. You can review the stats for each campaign in your Dashboard.






CONVERT REACH TO ACTIONS
WOW! Run official Ad Campaigns on Instagram and Facebook via your dashboard.
Reach an already engaged audience multiple times and convert it to installs or sign-ups with 2x times lower CPA!











CASE STUDIES





WE’RE IN GOOD COMPANY
Reach your target audience authentically with unique branded content that people will love.























LIKES
396 345


COMMENTS
74 746


REACH
10M












VIEWS
921 000


LIKES
67 712


COMMENTS
451


REACH
1,6M












LIKES
9 857


COMMENTS
61


REACH
300K



















LIKES
396 345


Comments
74 746


REACH
10M













LIKES
396 345


Comments
74 746


REACH
10M
















LIKES
396 345


Comments
74 746


REACH
10M
















LIKES
396 345


Comments
74 746


REACH
10M

















JOIN A NETWORK OF THE MOST TRUSTED
BRANDS AND CREATORS
GET STARTED FOR FREE

CREATOR: INSTALL iOS APP








CAREER
CONTACT US
PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE
Insense Ads, Inc.
















CAREER
CONTACT US
PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE
Insense Ads, Inc.
















Careers – ADS, Inc.






















































































 































        
































  






   
Looking for a Unique Opportunity?Build your career with a dynamic company dedicated to serving those who serve.
View Open Positions

      





  



  





We're market leaders.
ADS invests heavily in training, providing 80 hours of formal training per new employee annually. We offer the uncommon opportunity to work as a team in a dynamically growing organization that plays a vital role in supporting over 4,000 defense customers worldwide.










We hire from within.
We are committed to hiring and training ADS team members from within the military community. More than one third of ADS employees are veterans or members of military families which is why we have been awarded the distinction of Military Friendly Employer.










One Team.
One Fight.
ADS is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We support a diverse and inclusive workforce where all team members are treated fairly and given equal opportunity to perform to their fullest potential.










  





Learn more about our COMPANY CULTURE






  





ADS, Inc. endeavors to make careers accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Kimberly Seeloff, Talent Acquisition Manager, at 757-275-7964 or accomodations@adsinc.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
ADS, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. View our EEO Policy Statement. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, see 
	EEO is the Law.






  



Recent Posts / View All




ADS is Hiring: Build Off Our 20-Years of Experience
ADS, Inc.   | ADS Careers   | 
								No Comments 

							
							This year marks ADS, Inc.’s 20th anniversary. With 20 years of hard work and steady growth under our belt, anyone joining our ranks is sure to be set up for...					
				



Now Hiring: ADS Defense Contractor Team Account Manager
ADS, Inc.   | ADS Careers   | 
								No Comments 

							
							The proposed defense budget for fiscal year 2018 was announced on Tuesday, May 23. If approved, beginning October 1 a $574.5 billion budget will go in effect to support our nation’s...					
				



ADS Adds Director of Compliance and Assistant General Counsel
ADS, Inc.   | ADS Careers, News Releases   | 
								No Comments 

							
							Nikki Williams joins ADS to lead Office of Compliance. VIRGINIA BEACH, VA. May 10, 2017 – Nikki Williams has joined ADS, Inc. as the company’s Director of Compliance and Assistant General Counsel, company...					
				



ADS Hires New Director of Product Development and Integration
ADS, Inc.   | ADS Careers, News Releases   | 
								No Comments 

							
							Graham Kessler joins ADS to lead new business area. VIRGINIA BEACH, VA. May 10, 2017 – Graham Kessler has joined ADS, Inc. as the company’s Director of Product Development and Integration, company officials...					
				














Careers
Code of Conduct
Frequently Asked Questions
Legendary Customer Service
Online Equipment Catalog
PO Flowdowns
Privacy Policy
 


 Recent Posts 

Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
July 27, 2017


StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
July 26, 2017


ADS is Hiring: Build Off Our 20-Years of Experience
July 25, 2017






OUR MISSION We actively seek out customers’ equipment and logistics challenges and deliver innovative and cost effective solutions.




 Contact UsADS Inc.621 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400Virginia Beach, VA 23452+1 866.845.3012customercare@adsinc.com
© ADS, Inc.  All rights reserved. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission is strictly prohibited.









© 2017 ADS, Inc.. All rights reserved. 



         












The ADS Difference

About Us
Legendary Customer Service
Streamlined Buying
International Advantage
Careers
Mission Give Back


Equipment

Online Catalog
ADS Partners
Energy Efficiency


Contracts

Blanket Purchase Agreements
CBRNE COTS MOD IDIQ
FedMall
Medical Prime Vendor Distribution & Pricing Agreements
ECAT Medical Electronic Catalog
GSA Contracts
Heavy Equipment Procurement Program
MRO Contracts
NY HIRE
DLA TLS – Tailored Logistics Support Programs
Seaport-e


Program & Mission Support

Past Performance


News & Events

ADS Blog
Events Calendar


Contact Us
Warrior Expo



      

 




 






































Equipment | ADS, Inc.



















































































 































        
































  






   
The Industry's Largest Selection of Operational EquipmentDelivering entire solutions, when and where you need them.
        





  












We make it easy for you to find what you need.



  





With so many long-standing supplier relationships, ADS can quickly find and deliver the equipment you need. We're known for collaborating with suppliers across the industry to deliver products that help overcome your challenges and meet your requirements. No matter what you’re looking for – bring us your mission. Your success is our purpose.


View Online Catalog






 3000 MANUFACTURERS  50000 Products 








  
















Solving problems by connecting customers with the right suppliers and manufacturers.





Integration is often necessary to meet your exact requirements. ADS has the partnerships and in-house subject matter expertise that allow us to identify the best commercial-off-the-shelf options, and if necessary, kit and deliver as a complete solution.






  
















Delivering entire solutions, when and where you need them.
With higher visibility into your shipment and its projected delivery date, you can rest assured your order will arrive on time and on target. Our warehouse, shipping and logistics teams are experts in government-specific shipping and handling requirements.















Careers
Code of Conduct
Frequently Asked Questions
Legendary Customer Service
Online Equipment Catalog
PO Flowdowns
Privacy Policy
 


 Recent Posts 

Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
July 27, 2017


StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
July 26, 2017


ADS is Hiring: Build Off Our 20-Years of Experience
July 25, 2017






OUR MISSION We actively seek out customers’ equipment and logistics challenges and deliver innovative and cost effective solutions.




 Contact UsADS Inc.621 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400Virginia Beach, VA 23452+1 866.845.3012customercare@adsinc.com
© ADS, Inc.  All rights reserved. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission is strictly prohibited.









© 2017 ADS, Inc.. All rights reserved. 



         












The ADS Difference

About Us
Legendary Customer Service
Streamlined Buying
International Advantage
Careers
Mission Give Back


Equipment

Online Catalog
ADS Partners
Energy Efficiency


Contracts

Blanket Purchase Agreements
CBRNE COTS MOD IDIQ
FedMall
Medical Prime Vendor Distribution & Pricing Agreements
ECAT Medical Electronic Catalog
GSA Contracts
Heavy Equipment Procurement Program
MRO Contracts
NY HIRE
DLA TLS – Tailored Logistics Support Programs
Seaport-e


Program & Mission Support

Past Performance


News & Events

ADS Blog
Events Calendar


Contact Us
Warrior Expo



      

 




 






































About ADS, Inc. | Mission and Values





































































































 































        
































  






   
About UsA quick look at our unique history, dedicated team members and core values. 
        





  



MenuOUR UNIQUE HISTORYTHE PEOPLE OF ADSCOMPANY VALUESAWARDS & ACCOLADES




  



  





OUR HISTORY






  





From local dive shop to Top 50 Government Contractor
In 1979, Mike Hillier Senior founded Lynnhaven Dive Center (LDC), a local dive shop offering SCUBA diving training and commercial dive equipment locally in Virginia Beach.
For nearly two decades, LDC developed relationships with local Federal Government customers through its work with Navy SEAL teams and specialized Federal dive units in the Virginia Beach area.


















  






A Vision of Something Greater
Luke Hillier, son of the company founder, returned in 1997 to the family business bringing with him significant government contracting and capital investment expertise. But most importantly, Luke brought a vision of something greater for the dive shop. Under Luke’s direction, an offshoot of LDC was created with a specific focus on serving the unique needs of government customers—Atlantic Diving Supply (ADS) was born.
While ADS was rooted in serving the local military diving community, Luke believed that the opportunity for us to provide solutions to customers’ challenges expanded well beyond diving equipment and far beyond the local community. By talking to customers and striving to truly understand their mission challenges, we became increasingly committed to a singular belief.  We knew that our product expertise and personalized solutions could be applied to a broader spectrum of products that would significantly increase our legendary customer service to existing military customers as well as others across the defense industry.
Paving the Way for Future Growth
In 2000, ADS was awarded our first major contract from the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) as a prime vendor for marine lifesaving, diving, and search and rescue equipment.  This contract afforded ADS a new level of credence in conducting business with the Federal Government and paved the way for our continued growth.
From day one, we have focused on expanding our product-based solutions to support a wide range of military and first responder applications. Today, ADS holds more than 50 Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts and Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs) and has grown to be a top 5 DLA Supplier and Top 50 Federal Government Contractor.










  



  





THE PEOPLE OF ADS
We understand boots on the ground because we've walked in their shoes.
Today, ADS has more than 360 employees, a big increase from the original five that started the company. More than one-quarter of the ADS workforce has served in the military, or held a federal, law enforcement, or first responder role. An even larger percentage of us come from or are part of a military family.










board of advisors     key leadership










  



  
















COMPANY VALUES
These core values serve as a compass for the actions we take and the decisions we make.






  





Commitment
Our all-in commitment to our customers means constructively questioning behaviors and activities that run counter to our mission and values. We are committed to keeping our eye on the goal and following through.










Initiative
Digging beneath the obvious is the key to our success. We aren't afraid to go beyond expectations in order to uncover the real problems so that we can provide the best solution.










Attitude
We believe in displaying an infectiously energizing spirit, approaching challenges and change with positivity, and being a battery charger for those around us.






  





Drive
Giving up is not an option. Our indomitable will to win and 100% effort sets us apart and allows us to turn ideas into results.










Innovation
The ADS Team is known for challenging the status quo and identifying new ways to solve problems. This applies to both customer's problems and getting work done.










Accountability

We hold each other and ourselves accountable to follow through on commitments, own up to mistakes and meet or beat deadlines.










  








  





Staying true to our values has earned us an award-winning reputation.
Below are just some of the honors we’ve received.






  



  






Defense Logistics Agency Recognition
As America’s combat logistics support agency, the Defense Logistics Agency provides the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, other federal agencies and partner nation armed forces with a full spectrum of logistics, acquisition, and technical services. 












Outstanding Readiness Support Award for Small Business












Recognized at 16th annual Business Alliance Awards Ceremony












Innovative Small Business Performer of the Year










  








  





Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.








  





 3 Top 10
DLA Suppliers 










 32 Top 50
DOD Suppliers 










 49 Top 50 Federal Industry Leaders 










 38 Top 50
GSA Suppliers 










  












OTHER ACCOLADES













  



  






Nation’s Best and Brightest Companies to Work for Award












Military Friendly Employers Gold Award and Spouse Employer












Top Veteran-Friendly Company











America’s 5th Fastest Growing Private Companies






  







Entrepreneur of the Year Award Winner 











MILITARY FRIENDLY COMPANY











16th Best Place to Work in Virginia











MILITARY FRIENDLY BRAND



















Careers
Code of Conduct
Frequently Asked Questions
Legendary Customer Service
Online Equipment Catalog
PO Flowdowns
Privacy Policy
 


 Recent Posts 

Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
July 27, 2017


StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
July 26, 2017


ADS is Hiring: Build Off Our 20-Years of Experience
July 25, 2017






OUR MISSION We actively seek out customers’ equipment and logistics challenges and deliver innovative and cost effective solutions.




 Contact UsADS Inc.621 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400Virginia Beach, VA 23452+1 866.845.3012customercare@adsinc.com
© ADS, Inc.  All rights reserved. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission is strictly prohibited.









© 2017 ADS, Inc.. All rights reserved. 



         












The ADS Difference

About Us
Legendary Customer Service
Streamlined Buying
International Advantage
Careers
Mission Give Back


Equipment

Online Catalog
ADS Partners
Energy Efficiency


Contracts

Blanket Purchase Agreements
CBRNE COTS MOD IDIQ
FedMall
Medical Prime Vendor Distribution & Pricing Agreements
ECAT Medical Electronic Catalog
GSA Contracts
Heavy Equipment Procurement Program
MRO Contracts
NY HIRE
DLA TLS – Tailored Logistics Support Programs
Seaport-e


Program & Mission Support

Past Performance


News & Events

ADS Blog
Events Calendar


Contact Us
Warrior Expo



      

 




 






































Warrior Expo East | ADS, Inc.
























































































 































        





























 





TOUCH. TRY. TRAIN.
WARRIOR EXPO EAST









  



MenuHOMEWARRIOR EXPO EASTREGISTER TO ATTENDEXHIBITOR PORTALFAQs + WAG INFO




  







  



  





Register on site at Warrior Expo East—July 13 and July 14.










  



  











Virginia Beach, VA
July 13 & 14, 2017


REGISTER ON SITE


















Thousands of Products

















Interactive
Exhibits & Demos

















Educational Courses







  





The solutions your readiness requires, all in one place.


  
Location



Virginia Beach Convention Center
1000 19th St, Virginia Beach, VA 23451


  
Event Schedule



Wednesday, July 12

0830: Exhibitor Move In Opens
1800: Exhibit Hall Closed
1800 – 2100: Exhibitor Social: The Shack

712 Atlantic Ave, Virginia Beach, VA







Thursday, July 13

0730: Exhibit Hall Open for Exhibitors
0900: Warrior Expo Keynote

General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Retired
Location: Ballroom C


1000 – 1630: Warrior Expo Open
1930 – 2300: Warrior Bash Customer Reception

Virginia Beach Convention Center Ballroom







Friday, July 14

0830: Exhibit Hall Open for Exhibitors
1000 – 1530: Warrior Expo Open
1530 – 2100: Exhibitor Move Out



  
Downloads
Warrior Expo East Show GuideWarrior Expo East WAG InfoWarrior Expo East Flyer  
Exhibitor List
Exhibitor Floor Plan


Check back for a listing of the more than 250 exhibitors present at Warrior Expo East, as well as the event's floor plan—including a demo area and training classrooms.








  
Keynote Speaker

  
















General Martin E. Dempsey




U.S. Army, Retired





Decorated Four-Star General, Former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, and Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff





0900+Thursday, July 13


FULL BIOGRAPHY




KEYNOTE SPEAKER


General Martin E. Dempsey recently retired after 41 years of military service. During his time in the Army, he commanded a Cavalry Troop, a Tank Battalion, a Cavalry Regiment, a Tank Division, and United States Central Command, where he was responsible for securing U.S. interests in the Middle East and South Asia. He served in both Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom, accumulating 42 months in combat.
General Dempsey is a 1974 graduate of West Point and has master’s degrees from Duke University in Literature, from the Army Command and General Staff College in Military Science, and from the National War College in National Security Strategy. He also has an Honorary Doctor of Law degree from Notre Dame University.
His military awards include the Bronze Star with valor device, the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, and Distinguished Service Medals from the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard, as well as awards from other Departments in the United States Government, including the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the National Security Agency. He has received awards from many of our allies including France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Croatia, Israel, Japan, the Republic of Korea, and Singapore.
Dempsey served as the Chief of Staff of the United States Army and then as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. As Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he was the senior officer in the Armed Forces and the military advisor to the Secretary of Defense and to the President.In 2015, General Dempsey was named one of the 100 most influential leaders in the world by TIME magazine. In 2016, Queen Elizabeth II made General Dempsey an Honorary Knight of the British Empire. This year, he was inducted into the Irish-America Hall of Fame and received the Ellis Island Medal of Honor.
General Dempsey and his wife, Deanie, have been married for 39 years. They served the military as a team, and Deanie was instrumental in supporting military families and championing many of the family programs that have been critical to our success over the past 14 years of conflict. They have three children and nine grandchildren. Each of their three children served in the Army, and their son, Chris, continues to serve as a Major, recently assigned to the Pentagon.
General Dempsey’s post-military career includes a teaching position at Duke University in public policy and leadership, a role as the Special Advisor to the Commissioner of the National Basketball Association for leader development and youth programs, and motivational speaking through the Washington Speakers’ Bureau.



Close







Please join us for the Warrior Expo East Keynote, delivered by General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Retired, a decorated four-star general with over 41 years of military service. During his time in the U.S. Army, he commanded a Cavalry Troop, a Tank Battalion, a Cavalry Regiment, a Tank Division, and the United States Central Command, where he was responsible for securing U.S. interests in the Middle East and South Asia. He served in both Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom—accumulating 42 total months in combat.
Dempsey served as the Chief of Staff of the United States Army and as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. As Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he was Senior Officer in the Armed Forces and military advisor to the Secretary of Defense and the President. In 2015, General Dempsey was named one of the 100 most influential leaders in the world by TIME magazine.


  
Attendee Lodging

  





Hilton Norfolk: The Main
18 miles from convention
100 East Main Street
Norfolk, VA 23510










Courtyard VB Oceanfront
North 37th Street
3737 Atlantic Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23451










Virginia Beach Resort Hotel
8 miles from convention
2800 Shore Drive
Virginia Beach, VA 23451










Hilton Garden Inn Virginia Beach Oceanfront
3315 Atlantic Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23451






  





 Phone: 757.763.6200
 Guest Rate:
$159 – Single/Double
 Check In/Out:
July 11 – 14, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
June 30, 2017


Sold Out








 Phone: 757.437.0098
 Guest Rate:
$185 – Room
 Check In/Out:
July 12 – 14, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
Until sold out


Sold Out








 Phone: 757.481.9000
 Ext 11 – Desiree
 Guest Rate:
$179 – Single/Double
 Check In/Out:
July 10 – 17, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
June 30, 2017


Sold Out








 Phone: 757.305.9000 
 Guest Rate:
$185 – Single/Double
 Check In/Out:
July 11 – 16, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
June 20, 2017


Sold Out







Rates apply to government customers and guests only. Note checkin and checkout dates. Guests booking government rates should provide government ID.
Warrior Expo Exhibitors must book lodging through the exhibitor portal. Exhibitors found to be booking a reservation under the Attendee lodging block will automatically be shifted to the Exhibitor lodging block.  If space is no longer available under the Exhibitor lodging block, the reservation will simply be cancelled. Please contact your ADS Representative with questions or concerns.







  

















Warrior Expo showcases industry-leading solutions to end users, program managers, and procurement specialists.





This premier industry event is the embodiment of ADS’ mission to actively seek out our customers’ equipment and logistics challenges. We want to deliver innovative, cost effective solutions that enhance your ability to complete your missions.



  



Register to Attend




  



Frequently Asked Questions








  



  





 Thousands of Products





What better way to evaluate the quality, size, and capabilities of operational equipment than to experience it firsthand?
From containerized weapons storage and micro UAVs to solar powered reverse osmosis water purification systems, Warrior Expo allows you to examine hundreds of products—all in one place.








  
Warrior Expo is a laboratory of innovation where Government and Military attendees can take a deeper dive into the numerous products and services being offered at the show. The ability to speak to the subject matter experts (SMEs) is invaluable to procurement level executives in need of rapidly deployable solutions without the prospect of the hard sell.”
– Jason Sickels of Defense News






  



  
I've been attending Warrior Expo since the beginning and I have always been impressed how it is the place where requirements meet solutions. More recently, Warrior Expo has added a hands-on component to the event, and it gets better and better each year. This is a must-attend event.”
– Eric Graves of Soldier Systems Daily










 Interactive Exhibits & Demos





Your expertise coupled with our interactive environment will allow you to be more informed and confident in your procurement decisions.
Take what you learn from the interactive demonstrations and our vast exhibitor network back to your organization.






  





Educational Courses





Whether you’re an end user, program manager or a procurement specialist ADS understands that outsmarting your adversary is mission critical.Training Never Stops! Our educational courses are designed to provide the modern day warrior with applicable courses led by defense industry’s leading subject matter experts.


EDUCATIONAL COURSES






  
Threats within our own communities, our country and around the world are constantly evolving. We're very proud that Warrior Expo continues to be a resource which our nation's warfighters, law enforcement and first responders depend upon to learn about the latest innovations and technology to counter these threats.”
– Jason Wallace, CEO of ADS, Inc.









  








Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
Spotter Up   | New Products, Trade Shows & Events, Warrior Expo   | 
								No Comments 

							
							Spotterup attended Warrior Expo East 2017 earlier this month, leaving impressed and intrigued by quite a few products on display. Their team described Warrior Expo is a great showcase to...					
				



StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
Spotter Up   | New Products, Trade Shows & Events, Warrior Expo   | 
								No Comments 

							
							Spotterup attended Warrior Expo East 2017 earlier this month, leaving us impressed and intrigued by quite a few products on display. Their team described Warrior Expo is a great showcase...					
				



ICYMI: Warrior Expo East Trends
ADS, Inc.   | Trade Shows & Events, Warrior Expo   | 
								No Comments 

							
							ADS, Inc. is basking in the afterglow of Warrior Expo East 2017. Described as being “…possibly the best industry show” by Breach Bang Clear, this year was no exception with the biggest...					
				














Careers
Code of Conduct
Frequently Asked Questions
Legendary Customer Service
Online Equipment Catalog
PO Flowdowns
Privacy Policy
 


 Recent Posts 

Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
July 27, 2017


StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
July 26, 2017


ADS is Hiring: Build Off Our 20-Years of Experience
July 25, 2017






OUR MISSION We actively seek out customers’ equipment and logistics challenges and deliver innovative and cost effective solutions.




 Contact UsADS Inc.621 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400Virginia Beach, VA 23452+1 866.845.3012customercare@adsinc.com
© ADS, Inc.  All rights reserved. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission is strictly prohibited.









© 2017 ADS, Inc.. All rights reserved. 



         












The ADS Difference

About Us
Legendary Customer Service
Streamlined Buying
International Advantage
Careers
Mission Give Back


Equipment

Online Catalog
ADS Partners
Energy Efficiency


Contracts

Blanket Purchase Agreements
CBRNE COTS MOD IDIQ
FedMall
Medical Prime Vendor Distribution & Pricing Agreements
ECAT Medical Electronic Catalog
GSA Contracts
Heavy Equipment Procurement Program
MRO Contracts
NY HIRE
DLA TLS – Tailored Logistics Support Programs
Seaport-e


Program & Mission Support

Past Performance


News & Events

ADS Blog
Events Calendar


Contact Us
Warrior Expo



      

 




 








































Warrior Expo East | ADS, Inc.
























































































 































        





























 





TOUCH. TRY. TRAIN.
WARRIOR EXPO EAST









  



MenuHOMEWARRIOR EXPO EASTREGISTER TO ATTENDEXHIBITOR PORTALFAQs + WAG INFO




  







  



  





Register on site at Warrior Expo East—July 13 and July 14.










  



  











Virginia Beach, VA
July 13 & 14, 2017


REGISTER ON SITE


















Thousands of Products

















Interactive
Exhibits & Demos

















Educational Courses







  





The solutions your readiness requires, all in one place.


  
Location



Virginia Beach Convention Center
1000 19th St, Virginia Beach, VA 23451


  
Event Schedule



Wednesday, July 12

0830: Exhibitor Move In Opens
1800: Exhibit Hall Closed
1800 – 2100: Exhibitor Social: The Shack

712 Atlantic Ave, Virginia Beach, VA







Thursday, July 13

0730: Exhibit Hall Open for Exhibitors
0900: Warrior Expo Keynote

General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Retired
Location: Ballroom C


1000 – 1630: Warrior Expo Open
1930 – 2300: Warrior Bash Customer Reception

Virginia Beach Convention Center Ballroom







Friday, July 14

0830: Exhibit Hall Open for Exhibitors
1000 – 1530: Warrior Expo Open
1530 – 2100: Exhibitor Move Out



  
Downloads
Warrior Expo East Show GuideWarrior Expo East WAG InfoWarrior Expo East Flyer  
Exhibitor List
Exhibitor Floor Plan


Check back for a listing of the more than 250 exhibitors present at Warrior Expo East, as well as the event's floor plan—including a demo area and training classrooms.








  
Keynote Speaker

  
















General Martin E. Dempsey




U.S. Army, Retired





Decorated Four-Star General, Former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, and Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff





0900+Thursday, July 13


FULL BIOGRAPHY




KEYNOTE SPEAKER


General Martin E. Dempsey recently retired after 41 years of military service. During his time in the Army, he commanded a Cavalry Troop, a Tank Battalion, a Cavalry Regiment, a Tank Division, and United States Central Command, where he was responsible for securing U.S. interests in the Middle East and South Asia. He served in both Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom, accumulating 42 months in combat.
General Dempsey is a 1974 graduate of West Point and has master’s degrees from Duke University in Literature, from the Army Command and General Staff College in Military Science, and from the National War College in National Security Strategy. He also has an Honorary Doctor of Law degree from Notre Dame University.
His military awards include the Bronze Star with valor device, the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, and Distinguished Service Medals from the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard, as well as awards from other Departments in the United States Government, including the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the National Security Agency. He has received awards from many of our allies including France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Croatia, Israel, Japan, the Republic of Korea, and Singapore.
Dempsey served as the Chief of Staff of the United States Army and then as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. As Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he was the senior officer in the Armed Forces and the military advisor to the Secretary of Defense and to the President.In 2015, General Dempsey was named one of the 100 most influential leaders in the world by TIME magazine. In 2016, Queen Elizabeth II made General Dempsey an Honorary Knight of the British Empire. This year, he was inducted into the Irish-America Hall of Fame and received the Ellis Island Medal of Honor.
General Dempsey and his wife, Deanie, have been married for 39 years. They served the military as a team, and Deanie was instrumental in supporting military families and championing many of the family programs that have been critical to our success over the past 14 years of conflict. They have three children and nine grandchildren. Each of their three children served in the Army, and their son, Chris, continues to serve as a Major, recently assigned to the Pentagon.
General Dempsey’s post-military career includes a teaching position at Duke University in public policy and leadership, a role as the Special Advisor to the Commissioner of the National Basketball Association for leader development and youth programs, and motivational speaking through the Washington Speakers’ Bureau.



Close







Please join us for the Warrior Expo East Keynote, delivered by General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Retired, a decorated four-star general with over 41 years of military service. During his time in the U.S. Army, he commanded a Cavalry Troop, a Tank Battalion, a Cavalry Regiment, a Tank Division, and the United States Central Command, where he was responsible for securing U.S. interests in the Middle East and South Asia. He served in both Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom—accumulating 42 total months in combat.
Dempsey served as the Chief of Staff of the United States Army and as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. As Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he was Senior Officer in the Armed Forces and military advisor to the Secretary of Defense and the President. In 2015, General Dempsey was named one of the 100 most influential leaders in the world by TIME magazine.


  
Attendee Lodging

  





Hilton Norfolk: The Main
18 miles from convention
100 East Main Street
Norfolk, VA 23510










Courtyard VB Oceanfront
North 37th Street
3737 Atlantic Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23451










Virginia Beach Resort Hotel
8 miles from convention
2800 Shore Drive
Virginia Beach, VA 23451










Hilton Garden Inn Virginia Beach Oceanfront
3315 Atlantic Avenue
Virginia Beach, VA 23451






  





 Phone: 757.763.6200
 Guest Rate:
$159 – Single/Double
 Check In/Out:
July 11 – 14, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
June 30, 2017


Sold Out








 Phone: 757.437.0098
 Guest Rate:
$185 – Room
 Check In/Out:
July 12 – 14, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
Until sold out


Sold Out








 Phone: 757.481.9000
 Ext 11 – Desiree
 Guest Rate:
$179 – Single/Double
 Check In/Out:
July 10 – 17, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
June 30, 2017


Sold Out








 Phone: 757.305.9000 
 Guest Rate:
$185 – Single/Double
 Check In/Out:
July 11 – 16, 2017
 Cutoff Date:
June 20, 2017


Sold Out







Rates apply to government customers and guests only. Note checkin and checkout dates. Guests booking government rates should provide government ID.
Warrior Expo Exhibitors must book lodging through the exhibitor portal. Exhibitors found to be booking a reservation under the Attendee lodging block will automatically be shifted to the Exhibitor lodging block.  If space is no longer available under the Exhibitor lodging block, the reservation will simply be cancelled. Please contact your ADS Representative with questions or concerns.







  

















Warrior Expo showcases industry-leading solutions to end users, program managers, and procurement specialists.





This premier industry event is the embodiment of ADS’ mission to actively seek out our customers’ equipment and logistics challenges. We want to deliver innovative, cost effective solutions that enhance your ability to complete your missions.



  



Register to Attend




  



Frequently Asked Questions








  



  





 Thousands of Products





What better way to evaluate the quality, size, and capabilities of operational equipment than to experience it firsthand?
From containerized weapons storage and micro UAVs to solar powered reverse osmosis water purification systems, Warrior Expo allows you to examine hundreds of products—all in one place.








  
Warrior Expo is a laboratory of innovation where Government and Military attendees can take a deeper dive into the numerous products and services being offered at the show. The ability to speak to the subject matter experts (SMEs) is invaluable to procurement level executives in need of rapidly deployable solutions without the prospect of the hard sell.”
– Jason Sickels of Defense News






  



  
I've been attending Warrior Expo since the beginning and I have always been impressed how it is the place where requirements meet solutions. More recently, Warrior Expo has added a hands-on component to the event, and it gets better and better each year. This is a must-attend event.”
– Eric Graves of Soldier Systems Daily










 Interactive Exhibits & Demos





Your expertise coupled with our interactive environment will allow you to be more informed and confident in your procurement decisions.
Take what you learn from the interactive demonstrations and our vast exhibitor network back to your organization.






  





Educational Courses





Whether you’re an end user, program manager or a procurement specialist ADS understands that outsmarting your adversary is mission critical.Training Never Stops! Our educational courses are designed to provide the modern day warrior with applicable courses led by defense industry’s leading subject matter experts.


EDUCATIONAL COURSES






  
Threats within our own communities, our country and around the world are constantly evolving. We're very proud that Warrior Expo continues to be a resource which our nation's warfighters, law enforcement and first responders depend upon to learn about the latest innovations and technology to counter these threats.”
– Jason Wallace, CEO of ADS, Inc.









  








Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
Spotter Up   | New Products, Trade Shows & Events, Warrior Expo   | 
								No Comments 

							
							Spotterup attended Warrior Expo East 2017 earlier this month, leaving impressed and intrigued by quite a few products on display. Their team described Warrior Expo is a great showcase to...					
				



StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
Spotter Up   | New Products, Trade Shows & Events, Warrior Expo   | 
								No Comments 

							
							Spotterup attended Warrior Expo East 2017 earlier this month, leaving us impressed and intrigued by quite a few products on display. Their team described Warrior Expo is a great showcase...					
				



ICYMI: Warrior Expo East Trends
ADS, Inc.   | Trade Shows & Events, Warrior Expo   | 
								No Comments 

							
							ADS, Inc. is basking in the afterglow of Warrior Expo East 2017. Described as being “…possibly the best industry show” by Breach Bang Clear, this year was no exception with the biggest...					
				














Careers
Code of Conduct
Frequently Asked Questions
Legendary Customer Service
Online Equipment Catalog
PO Flowdowns
Privacy Policy
 


 Recent Posts 

Post-Show Warrior Expo East Highlights Illuminate the Need to Attend
July 27, 2017


StarChase: Tracking a Fleeing Vehicle
July 26, 2017


ADS is Hiring: Build Off Our 20-Years of Experience
July 25, 2017






OUR MISSION We actively seek out customers’ equipment and logistics challenges and deliver innovative and cost effective solutions.




 Contact UsADS Inc.621 Lynnhaven Parkway, Suite 400Virginia Beach, VA 23452+1 866.845.3012customercare@adsinc.com
© ADS, Inc.  All rights reserved. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission is strictly prohibited.









© 2017 ADS, Inc.. All rights reserved. 



         












The ADS Difference

About Us
Legendary Customer Service
Streamlined Buying
International Advantage
Careers
Mission Give Back


Equipment

Online Catalog
ADS Partners
Energy Efficiency


Contracts

Blanket Purchase Agreements
CBRNE COTS MOD IDIQ
FedMall
Medical Prime Vendor Distribution & Pricing Agreements
ECAT Medical Electronic Catalog
GSA Contracts
Heavy Equipment Procurement Program
MRO Contracts
NY HIRE
DLA TLS – Tailored Logistics Support Programs
Seaport-e


Program & Mission Support

Past Performance


News & Events

ADS Blog
Events Calendar


Contact Us
Warrior Expo



      

 




 


































