










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. Champaign IL, 61821 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Communications
Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.



2105 W Park Ct

Champaign,
							
							
							 IL
							
							
							 61821-2986
							
							 |  view map


(217) 373-7877

www.charter.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. is in the Cable and Other Pay Television Services industry in Champaign, IL.  This company currently has approximately 75,000 to 100,000 employees  and  annual sales of Over $1,000,000,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Industry:
						Cable and Other Pay Television Services
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						1993
					

Sales Range:
						Over $1,000,000,000
					

Employees:
						75,000 to 100,000


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


AT&T has agreed to acquire Time Warner for $85.4 billion. AT&T said the proposed acquisition is a vertical integration that would combine Time Warner' EIN News
Charter invests in Kristin Dolan's 605 for advanced advertising Fierce Cable
Comcast and Charter christen new wireless partnership with joint Sprint talks: report Fierce Cable
Time Warner partners with Snapchat to reach new audiences Cable '&' Telecommunications Association for Marketing CTAM SmartBrief
Time Warner said to invest $100 million in Snapchat shows, ads The Orlando Sentinel - Business - Orlando, FL
Charter rejects Verizon buyout bid: Report The St. Louis Business Journal - News - St. Louis, MO
Charter teaming up with AMC to produce original content The St. Louis Business Journal - News - St. Louis, MO
Charter Spectrum partners with city of Riverside Press-Enterprise Local News
Charter Communications to hire 20K workers over 4 years WDSU  - NBC - New Orleans, LA
Turner and Warner Bros. Announce New Domestic Premium Streaming Service Featuring the World's Greatest Collection of Animation in One Exclusive Destin World News - Business




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Barnes & Noble


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Hammer & CO


TRI State Metal Works


A 1 Raidator Service


RAM Enterprises Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								4.0
							


							( Based on
							
							55
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								55
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.
Rate Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p. on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLTAIRE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGUE
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

YADIN CO INC
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
FACTOR SALES INC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
PANALPINA INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:12 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. offers cable television and programming services. The company was formerly known as InterMedia Partners VI, L.P. The company was incorporated in 1997 and is based in New York, New York. Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Insight Communications of Kentucky, L.P.


810 7th AvenueNew York, NY 10019United StatesFounded in 1997



Fax: 917-286-2301








Key Executives for Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.


Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































		Top 30 Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. Interview Questions and 696 Answers	


























							Home
						










							Career Interview Questions
						










							Interview Topics
						










							Upgrade
						










							Login
						









						Close
					













   Sign in




   Upgrade








			
				Top 25				Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. Interview Questions
						
			





1. In your opinion, what is the most influential form of media today?







						Professional Answer					
































						Want to see the answer?
					




							Upgrade
						










							
								Next Interview Question   












			List of Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. Interview Questions
		











In your opinion, what is the most influential form of media today?
Of all the media solutions we provide at Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P., which do you know the best?
Walk me through your experience in the television and/or radio industry.
What are your 3 favorite forms of entertainment? 
What do you know about Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. and our biggest achievements in media? 
What are your career goals in the next 3-5 years and how do you feel Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. can help you to achieve these goals? 
The media industry is fast moving and ever-changing. How do you stay on top of changes and trends? 
What are your thoughts on the way the media is rated for the public (IE: PG, 14A, NR, Mature)?
In your opinion, what is the future of local radio? 
How do you think that online media has changed traditional print and broadcast media approaches in the past 10 years? 
Market research is important to Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. in order to help us understand where to take our business in the years to come. Rate your research skills from 1-10. Do you enjoy conducting research? 
Do you prefer to be behind the scenes or in the limelight? 
What is your favorite publication, and why?
Do you feel performance should be rewarded over experience?
What are your salary expectations?
Tell me about an organization or group outside of work that you contributed to.
What accomplishment do you believe was the most difficult for you to achieve?
Tell me about a time when you made a suggestion requesting change in an organization.
When you suffer a setback, how does that emotionally affect you and your work?
The media industry is all about communication. At Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P., strong communication is at the forefront of what we do. How would you describe your communication skills? Rate your communication skills from 1-10.
Tell me about your experiences giving presentations in front of large groups. 
Tell me about an error or mistake you made because of a breakdown in communication from you or one of your team members.
What do you know about our company culture?
What work situations excite and motivate you?
When have you created a new product or service?
Outside of work, what type of creative activities do you like to pursue?
How often do you take work home with you?
How do you determine priorities when you have multiple projects due?
What are your three favorite tv shows right now?
What is your approach to managing important projects?








				Professional answers by:
			







		
				Rachelle Enns				
				Recruiter				
 rachelle_enns &nbsp		

			










Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. User Submitted Interview Answers				






Question 
1 of 30




								In your opinion, what is the most influential form of media today?							



  
								










Question 
2 of 30




								Of all the media solutions we provide at Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P., which do you know the best?							



  
								










Question 
3 of 30




								Walk me through your experience in the television and/or radio industry.							



  
								










Question 
4 of 30




								What are your 3 favorite forms of entertainment? 							



  
								










Question 
5 of 30




								What do you know about Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. and our biggest achievements in media? 							



  
								


















Question 
6 of 30




								What are your career goals in the next 3-5 years and how do you feel Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. can help you to achieve these goals? 							



  
								










Question 
7 of 30




								The media industry is fast moving and ever-changing. How do you stay on top of changes and trends? 							



  
								










Question 
8 of 30




								What are your thoughts on the way the media is rated for the public (IE: PG, 14A, NR, Mature)?							



  
								


















Question 
9 of 30




								In your opinion, what is the future of local radio? 							



  
								










Question 
10 of 30




								How do you think that online media has changed traditional print and broadcast media approaches in the past 10 years? 							



  
								










Question 
11 of 30




								Market research is important to Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. in order to help us understand where to take our business in the years to come. Rate your research skills from 1-10. Do you enjoy conducting research? 							



  
								


















Question 
12 of 30




								Do you prefer to be behind the scenes or in the limelight? 							



  
								










Question 
13 of 30




								What is your favorite publication, and why?							



  
								










Question 
14 of 30




								Do you feel performance should be rewarded over experience?							



  
								










Question 
15 of 30




								What are your salary expectations?							



  
								










Question 
16 of 30




								Tell me about an organization or group outside of work that you contributed to.							



  
								










Question 
17 of 30




								What accomplishment do you believe was the most difficult for you to achieve?							



  
								










Question 
18 of 30




								Tell me about a time when you made a suggestion requesting change in an organization.							



  
								










Question 
19 of 30




								When you suffer a setback, how does that emotionally affect you and your work?							



  
								










Question 
20 of 30




								The media industry is all about communication. At Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P., strong communication is at the forefront of what we do. How would you describe your communication skills? Rate your communication skills from 1-10.							



  
								










Question 
21 of 30




								Tell me about your experiences giving presentations in front of large groups. 							



  
								










Question 
22 of 30




								Tell me about an error or mistake you made because of a breakdown in communication from you or one of your team members.							



  
								










Question 
23 of 30




								What do you know about our company culture?							



  
								










Question 
24 of 30




								What work situations excite and motivate you?							



  
								










Question 
25 of 30




								When have you created a new product or service?							



  
								










Question 
26 of 30




								Outside of work, what type of creative activities do you like to pursue?							



  
								










Question 
27 of 30




								How often do you take work home with you?							



  
								










Question 
28 of 30




								How do you determine priorities when you have multiple projects due?							



  
								










Question 
29 of 30




								What are your three favorite tv shows right now?							



  
								










Question 
30 of 30




								What is your approach to managing important projects?							



  
								


















 INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. VS. PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC. :: 2016 :: Kentucky Court of Appeals Decisions :: Kentucky Case Law :: Kentucky Law :: US Law :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Kentucky Supreme Court opinions.







Subscribe








INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. VS. PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC.

Annotate this Case






Download PDF



					RENDERED: JUNE 10, 2016; 10:00 A.M. TO BE PUBLISHED Commonwealth of Kentucky Court of Appeals NO. 2014-CA-001189-MR AND NO. 2014-CA-001236-MR INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. APPELLANT/CROSS-APPELLEE APPEAL AND CROSS-APPEAL FROM JEFFERSON CIRCUIT COURT v. HONORABLE MARY M. SHAW, JUDGE ACTION NO. 12-CI-000259 PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC. APPELLEE/CROSS-APPELLANT OPINION REVERSING AND REMANDING ** ** ** ** ** BEFORE: DIXON, NICKELL, AND TAYLOR, JUDGES. DIXON, JUDGE: Appellant, Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P., appeals from a judgment of the Jefferson Circuit Court following a jury trial finding it liable to Appellee, Preferred Automotive Services, Inc., for aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty by Jerry Key, Preferred’s former General Manager. Preferred has filed a cross-appeal challenging the trial court’s reduction of the jury’s award of punitive damages, as well as the denial of Preferred’s motion to amend its complaint to add a trade secrets claim. For the reasons set forth herein, we reverse and remand the matter for a new trial. Preferred was formed in 2001 to provide vehicle repair and maintenance services. Brothers Brian Payne and Jack Payne together owned eighty percent of Preferred with Key owning the remaining twenty percent. Key was responsible for all of Preferred’s daily operations. Preferred’s corporate report filed with Kentucky’s Secretary of State identified Key as president, vicepresident, treasurer and sole director. Soon after Preferred’s formation, Insight began using Preferred for all of its local vehicle fleet maintenance and repair work. Key was the primary contact and managed all of Insight’s business with Preferred. During the time period that Preferred provided services to Insight, Bob Mathena and Todd Knight were the Insight employees responsible for the company’s vehicle fleet maintenance. It is undisputed that Preferred and Insight never entered into any type of contract. In June 2007, the Paynes accused Key of embezzling from Preferred. Rather than terminate Key, however, the Paynes chose to take over all financial responsibilities, although Key continued to manage the other daily operations. However, Preferred’s annual corporate report filed in July 2007 identified Brian -2- Payne as president, Jack Payne as vice-president, and both Paynes as the only directors of Preferred. Key was listed only as a shareholder. Preferred’s 2008 annual report contained the same information, except that Key was no longer identified in any capacity. On January 13, 2009, the Paynes again accused Key of embezzling money from Preferred. Key contended that he was terminated on that date and never returned to or had any further responsibilities with Preferred. Indeed, the record herein contains Preferred’s payroll records reflecting that Key was “TERMINATED 1/13/09” as well as a letter dated February 18, 2009, from Brian Payne to Preferred’s vendors stating that “Key is no longer employed by Preferred Automotive as of January 13, 2009.” In addition, Payne testified at trial that Key had no authority to do anything on Preferred’s behalf after January 13, 2009. Nevertheless, Preferred claimed that Key was not terminated on January 13th, but rather took “time off to think about the situation,” and intended to return to work. Preferred contended that despite its records to the contrary, Key, in fact, remained an employee until January 30, 2009, because he had a company cell phone and insurance benefits until that date, as well as remained a corporate director until 2010.1 1 Curiously, in July 2009, shortly after Preferred instituted legal action against Key, Preferred filed its 2009 annual corporate report, which identified Key as a director for the first time since 2006. Although Key maintained that he had not been identified on a corporate report in any capacity since 2007, he nonetheless executed a formal resignation of any purported director status. -3- Sometime between January 13th and January 30th, Key met with Mathena and Knight and discussed the possibility of Insight moving its business if Key obtained employment elsewhere. At the end of January 2009, Key met with Robert Johnson, the owner of Southside Automotive and arranged to rent a building to start a vehicle fleet maintenance business to compete with Preferred. Key hired two of Preferred’s longtime mechanics and began operations under the name of Southside Automotive. Around the middle of February 2009, Insight began sending some of its vehicles to Southside. At the same time, Insight also increased its use of other vendors including Nationwide Truck Service for maintenance work, Jim Berry Collision Center for body work, and Mosby Towing for towing services. In March 2009, a billing dispute arose between Preferred and Insight. Specifically, in a March 11th letter to Bob Mathena, Brian Payne accused Insight of defamation by “passing rumors” that Preferred was double billing and otherwise cheating Insight. As evidenced through a string of internal e-mails, Insight thereafter made the decision to terminate its relationship with Preferred, noting specifically that there was no contract prohibiting it from doing so. In June 2009, Preferred filed an action against Key asserting breach of fiduciary duty, conversion and fraud. That lawsuit was settled in 2010. Preferred thereafter filed a lawsuit against Southside and Johnson in August 2010, alleging aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty, misappropriation of trade secrets, and tortious interference. That lawsuit similarly settled in November 2011. -4- In January 2012, Preferred filed the instant action against Insight alleging that Insight (1) tortiously interfered with a noncompete agreement between Key and Preferred, and (2) aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty owed by Key to Preferred. A nine-day jury trial was held beginning January 27, 2014. Preferred sought $4,340,000 in lost profit damages. Despite not having a contract, Preferred based its damages upon the assumption that Insight would have continued to send all of its business to Preferred from the time Preferred lost Insight as a customer in 2009 until 2022. Preferred also sought $22 million in punitive damages. At the close of Preferred’s proof, the trial court granted Insight’s motion for a directed verdict on the tortious interference claim. With respect to the aiding and abetting claim, Preferred asserted that Insight knew that Key owed fiduciary obligations to Preferred and it nonetheless helped Key breach that duty by assisting him in establishing a new business to compete with Preferred and by encouraging Key to utilize confidential information he obtained from Preferred for Insight’s benefit and to the detriment of Preferred. At the close of evidence, the jury found that Insight aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty owed by Key to Preferred and awarded $2 million in compensatory damages and $2 million in punitive damages. The trial court apportioned the compensatory damages 50% to Key, 35% to Insight, and 15% to Preferred. As a result, the original trial judgment awarded Preferred $2.7 million in damages. -5- Insight thereafter filed a motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict (JNOV), as well as motions to alter, amend or vacate the judgment and for a new trial. Following an extensive hearing, the trial court denied the JNOV and new trial motions. However, the trial court granted the motion to alter, amend or vacate, in part, by reducing the punitive damages award from $2 million to $1.4 motion on the grounds that the award was the result of “passion, prejudice, and/or bias as to [Insight’s] financial status and sympathy for employees of [Preferred], given [Insight’s] degree of reprehensibility and the lack of contact between the parties.” Insight then appealed to this Court. Preferred has filed a cross-appeal on several issues. Additional facts are set forth as necessary. Before we turn to the issues herein, we would note that this case involved a nine-day trial and a voluminous record. The hearing on Insight’s post-trial motions lasted over two hours and involved a multitude of issues. Yet, the trial court made no rulings from the bench, nor did it include any findings or rationale in its orders denying the motions for JNOV and new trial. In CertainTeed Corporation v. Dexter, 330 S.W.3d 64, 74-75 (Ky. 2010), our Supreme Court in reviewing an appeal from a trial court order granting a new trial, commented, The reason appellate courts defer to the trial court's decision to grant a new trial is because the decision may depend on factors that do not readily appear in the appellate record, such as witness demeanor and observations of the jury. . . . But that deference does not make such decisions beyond review. Thus, it is crucial that the factors going into the decision appear somewhere in the trial record, or else there may be no record of them at all. Even if the record is complete, the trial judge's -6- evaluation of this evidence, recorded as findings of fact in support of the decision, are just as important, at least from the appellate perspective. Otherwise, an appellate court has to sift through a voluminous record to see what possibly could have been the basis for the ruling, which wastes judicial resources and begs for erroneous reversals. In this case, for example, the trial court simply found that the jury's verdict in the first trial was “manifestly unsupported by the evidence and manifestly a product of jury passion and prejudice.” While these are findings of fact, of a sort, they lack of any discussion of the evidence supporting them, which makes their review difficult. Though CR [Kentucky Rules if Civil Procedure] 59.01 does not currently require them, the better practice is for a trial court to include in its order at least some specific findings regarding the evidence (or lack of evidence) that supports the ultimate decision to grant or deny the motion for a new trial. Admittedly, our review of this matter has been made more difficult because of the absence of any findings or reasoning supporting the trial court’s rulings on the post-trial motions. Given the complexity of this case, the trial court’s evaluation of evidence and factors not readily apparent from the record would have greatly benefitted this Court in our review. With that, we now turn to the issues presented. DIRECTED VERDICT/JNOV Insight first argues that the trial court’s judgment should be vacated because Preferred failed to prove the necessary elements of aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. As such, Insight contends that the trial court erred in failing to grant its motions for a directed verdict and/or JNOV. -7- The standard of review regarding a motion for a directed verdict or JNOV has been described as a difficult one for an appellant to meet. Peters v. Wooten, 297 S.W.3d 55, 65 (Ky. App. 2009). In Taylor v. Kennedy, 700 S.W.2d 415 (Ky. App. 1985), a panel of this Court described it as follows: In ruling on either a motion for a directed verdict or a motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict, a trial court is under a duty to consider the evidence in the strongest possible light in favor of the party opposing the motion. Furthermore, it is required to give the opposing party the advantage of every fair and reasonable inference which can be drawn from the evidence. And, it is precluded from entering either a directed verdict or judgment n.o.v. unless there is a complete absence of proof on a material issue in the action, or if no disputed issue of fact exists upon which reasonable men could differ. Id. at 416 (citation omitted). In reviewing evidence supporting a judgment entered upon a jury verdict, the role of an appellate court is limited to determining whether the trial court erred in failing to grant the motion for a directed verdict or JNOV. See Bierman v. Klapheke, 967 S.W.2d 16 (Ky. 1998); NCAA v. Hornung, 754 S.W.2d 855 (Ky. 1988). All evidence which favors the prevailing party must be taken as true and the reviewing court is not at liberty to determine credibility or the weight which should be given to the evidence, these being functions reserved to the trier of fact. We may not disturb the trial court’s ruling unless the decision is clearly erroneous. Peters v. Wooten, 297 S.W.3d 55, 65 (Ky. App. 2009) (citing Bierman, 967 S.W.2d at 18). As such, a denial of a directed verdict or JNOV “should only -8- be reversed on appeal when it is shown that the verdict was palpably or flagrantly against the evidence such that it indicates the jury reached the verdict as a result of passion or prejudice.” Id. (citation omitted). Kentucky follows the Restatement (Second) of Torts, § 876 in defining the elements of aiding and abetting. To prevail on a claim of aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty, a plaintiff must prove the following elements: (1) the existence and breach of a fiduciary relationship; (2) the defendant gave the breaching party “substantial assistance or encouragement” in effectuating the breach; and (3) the defendant knew that the party's conduct breached that fiduciary duty. Miles Farm Supply, LLC v. Helena Chem. Co., 595 F.3d 663, 666 (6th Cir. 2010) (citations omitted) (applying Kentucky law). Insight claims, as it did in the trial court, that Preferred failed to prove any of the above elements. Preferred had to first prove that Key breached a fiduciary duty. A claim for breach of fiduciary duty requires that a plaintiff allege that “(1) the defendant owes a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff; (2) the defendant breached that duty; and (3) the plaintiff suffered damages as a result of the breach.” Fastenal Co. v. Crawford, 609 F.Supp.2d 650, 665 (E. D. Ky. 2009). “The scope of the fiduciary duty has been variously defined as one requiring utter good faith or honesty, loyalty or obedience, as well as candor, due care, and fair dealing.” Lach v. Man O'War, LLC, 256 S.W.3d 563, 569 (Ky. 2008) (quoting Anthony v. Padmar, Inc., 465 S.E.2d 745, 752 (S.C. Ct. App. 1995)). Preferred alleged that while Key was still a fiduciary he (1) formed Southside to compete with Preferred; -9- (2) misappropriated Preferred’s confidential information about Insight’s vehicle fleet; and (3) hired Preferred’s “key” employees. Preferred also argued that Key breached his fiduciary duties throughout the tenure of his employment by diverting resources to Insight in the form of free service perks to Insight employees and gift cards to Mathena and Knight. Insight contends that the evidence at trial affirmatively established that Key was not a fiduciary after January 13, 2009, when he was terminated from Preferred. Insight relies upon the decision in Aero Drapery of Kentucky, Inc. v. Engdahl, 507 S.W.2d 166, 170 (Ky. 1974), wherein the Court held that the end of a fiduciary relationship coincides with the “termination of actual responsibilities.” Insight points out that even if Preferred’s position that Key was not terminated until January 30, 2009, is taken as true, Preferred nonetheless conceded that he had no responsibilities or authority to act on behalf of Preferred after January 13, 2009. Consequently, Insight argues that Key did not breach any fiduciary duty to Preferred. As Insight notes, “[s]ettled law permits an employee to prepare to compete with his employer before leaving the company, provided the employee does not act unfairly or otherwise injure his principal before the departure.” Miles Farm Supply, LLC, 595 F.3d at 667. Further, a fiduciary may compete after the fiduciary relationship has ended, see Aero Drapery, 507 S.W.2d at 169-70, and even has the right to solicit a former employee’s customers. Venture Express, Inc. v. Zilly, 973 S.W.2d 602, 604 (Tenn. App. 1998). As such, Insight contends that -10- Key did not breach any fiduciary duty because Southside did not begin operations until after he was terminated from Preferred. Similarly, Insight argues that Key did not misappropriate any confidential information, but rather utilized his own knowledge and skills that he acquired while employed by Preferred. The business information that Preferred contends was confidential included (1) the repair history of Insight’s vehicles; (2) information regarding the parts used on the vehicles; (3) warranty information on those parts; (4) pricing of the repair work done on Insight’s vehicles; and (5) the inventory necessary to maintain Insight’s fleet. Insight points out, however, that much of that information was included on the service invoices provided to Insight. The record indicates that the invoices typically contained the year, make and model of the repaired vehicle; the repaired vehicle’s license number, Insight’s unit number and VIN number; the repaired vehicle’s mileage; the parts installed on the vehicle, including the part name, number and price; the hours spent on labor; and the amount charged for labor. Moreover, Insight argues that it was certainly entitled to the maintenance and repair information on its own fleet, and would certainly have had the right to provide that information to another vendor to whom it used for maintenance. Insight posits that after termination of the fiduciary relationship, Key was permitted to “carry with him his personal experience, enterprise, and knowledge” to compete with Preferred. Stewart v. Kentucky Paving Company, Inc., 557 S.W.2d 435, 439 (Ky. App. 1977) (quoting Aero Drapery, 507 S.W.2d 166). -11- Finally, Insight argues that Preferred’s claim that Key breached his fiduciary duty by hiring Preferred’s employees is without merit because the evidence was undisputed that Key hired mechanics Tyler Boone and Quentin Stevens after they were terminated by Preferred. Furthermore, Insight claims that any hiring prohibition applies only to “key” employees, and Preferred’s own expert essentially testified that it is common for auto mechanics to frequently change jobs. To establish aiding and abetting, Preferred had to next prove that Insight provided Key substantial assistance or encouragement in the alleged breach of fiduciary duty. Preferred alleged that Insight helped Key by (1) telling Key it would continue to do business with him and (2) verifying that Southside met Insight’s insurance requirements and could handle its fleet maintenance. Restatement (Second) of Torts § 876 provides that “substantial assistance” means that a defendant's conduct was a substantial factor in causing the tort. Aetna Casualty & Surety Co. v. Leahey Const. Co., 219 F.3d 519, 537 (6th Cir. 2000). The comments to § 876 list factors to consider when determining whether substantial assistance has been provided: “the nature of the act encouraged, the amount of assistance given by the defendant, his presence or absence at the time of the tort, his relation to the other and his state of mind.” Id. (citation omitted). Further, “substantial assistance means something more than merely providing routine professional services that aid the tortfeasor in remaining in business, but do not proximately cause the plaintiffs’ harm.” El Camino Resources, LTD. v. Huntington National Bank, 722 F.Supp.2d 875, 911 (W.D. Mich. 2010). -12- Insight argues that its decision to send its vehicles to Southside cannot be substantial assistance or encouragement because it was under no contractual obligation to do business with Preferred. In other words, because Insight had no contract with Preferred, its decision to direct business to Southside cannot result in liability for loss of that business. Furthermore, Insight argues that Mathena and Knight’s conversations with Key about starting a new business can likewise not be considered substantial assistance because Key had no fiduciary duties after January 13th. Finally, Insight points out that verifying that Southside met its insurance requirement was done in the routine course of business and cannot support aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. Banco Industrial de Venezuela, C.A. v. CDW Direct, LLC, 888 F.Supp.2d 508, 516 (S.D.N.Y. 2012). Insight finally claims that there was no evidence presented that it had knowledge that Key was a fiduciary or that his conduct may be a breach of his fiduciary duty. Insight argues that constructive knowledge does not suffice and that Preferred had to show that Insight actually knew not just that Key’s conduct breached a fiduciary duty but also that he did not have consent from Preferred to seek out other opportunities. Miles Farm Supply, LLC, 595 F.3d at 666. Insight points out that Brian Payne, in meeting with Insight employees on several occasions, never informed them that Key remained a fiduciary and, in fact, specifically stated that Key had been terminated as of January 13th. Therefore, Insight contends that Preferred failed to present any evidence that Insight had actual knowledge that (1) Key remained a fiduciary after -13- being terminated, (2) Key’s competition at Southside breached a fiduciary duty, (3) Key’s use of nonconfidential information about Insight’s own vehicles breach a fiduciary duty, or (4) Key’s hiring of former Preferred employees breached a fiduciary duty. Thus, Insight maintains that Preferred failed to prove the necessary elements of aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty and that the trial court erred by not granting its motions for a directed verdict or JNOV. Admittedly, this is a very close case. Initially, we harbor doubts as to whether Key was a fiduciary at the time he allegedly met with Mathena and Key or when he started Southside Automotive. Insight claims that Key was terminated on January 13th while Preferred maintains that he only took time off with the intention of returning to work after that date. Undoubtedly, Preferred’s claim that Key remained a director until 2010 is disingenuous at best. The record clearly indicates that he had not been listed in any capacity on Preferred’s corporate reports since 2007, and it was only after litigation commenced that he reappeared as a director. Nonetheless, because there is some question as to whether Key remained employed until January 30th, we cannot conclude that there is a “complete absence of proof” that Key was a fiduciary at the time of the alleged tortious conduct. Further, if Key’s employment did not end until January 30th and if Preferred is given every fair and reasonable inference from the evidence, it is not beyond reason that a jury could have found he breached his fiduciary duties to Preferred. -14- With respect to Insight’s participation in Key’s alleged breach, Preferred introduced some evidence that Mathena and Knight were aware that Key continued to have fiduciary “obligations” to Preferred at the time they discussed moving Insight’s business to Key/Southside. Preferred alleged at trial that Insight managers received kickbacks from Key and that is why they “colluded’ with him to compete against Preferred. Again, while the evidence of record that Insight aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty is certainly weak, we simply cannot find that there was a complete absence of proof on the issue. The trial court, in ruling on Insight’s motions for a directed verdict and JNOV was required to give Preferred the advantage of every fair and reasonable inference which could be drawn from the evidence. Furthermore, it is not this Court’s function to determine the credibility or the weight afforded to the evidence. Although we do not know the basis for the trial court denying the motions, we are compelled to find that there did exist sufficient disputed issues of fact upon which a reasonable jury could have differed so as to preclude a directed verdict or JNOV. Therefore, the trial court did not err in denying Insight’s motions. JURY INSTRUCTIONS Insight next argues that it is entitled to a new trial because the trial court erroneously instructed the jury on breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty, the proper measure of damages, and apportionment of fault. -15- It is well-settled that Kentucky follows the bare bones approach to jury instructions in all civil cases. Olfice, Inc. v. Wilkey, 173 S.W.3d 226, 229 (Ky. 2005). See also Meyers v. Chapman Printing Co., 840 S.W.2d 814, 824 (Ky. 1992). However, fundamental to that approach is that all of the bones must be presented to the jury. Correct instructions are absolutely essential to an accurate jury verdict. The function of instructions is to tell the jury what it must believe from the evidence in order to resolve each dispositive factual issue in favor of the party who has the burden of proof on that issue. See Webster v. Commonwealth, 508 S.W.2d 33 (Ky. 1974), cert. denied, 419 U.S. 1070 (1974). In light of the importance of correct jury instructions, erroneous instructions are presumed prejudicial. McKinney v. Heisel, 947 S.W.3d 32, 35 (Ky. 1997). If it cannot be affirmatively shown that no prejudice resulted from the erroneous instruction, reversal is required. Id. Insight first challenges the instruction given on the law of fiduciary duty. Instruction No. 2 provided: A fiduciary relationship is founded on the trust and confidence that one person or entity places in another. The person in whom trust or confidence is placed is said to have a “fiduciary duty.” This duty includes that he act primarily for the benefit of the other party in matters within the scope of their relationship. It was the duty of Key to exercise the utmost good faith toward Preferred Auto while he was an officer, director, employee and/or general manager of Preferred Auto, by acting in Preferred Auto’s best interests, by disclosing any conflict between his private interests and corporate -16- interests, and by not competing with Preferred Auto or profiting at its expense. After termination of Key’s fiduciary relationship, Key could not use his prior fiducial information contrary to Preferred Auto’s interests, nor take with him key personnel to operate a competing enterprise. Insight contends that the instruction should have stated that Key could not use prior “fiducial confidences” to the detriment of Preferred. Instead, the trial court used the term “fiducial information,” which Insight maintains is meaningless and could have included any information, confidential or otherwise, Key learned while he was a fiduciary. We agree. A fiduciary is prohibited from using only confidential information that belongs to a former employer. Aero Drapery, 507 S.W.2d at 170. “After the termination of his fiduciary relationship . . . he may carry with him his personal experience, enterprise, and knowledge, but he may not use prior fiducial confidences.” Id. at 170-71. (Emphasis added). See also Baptist Physicians Lexington, Inc. v. New Lexington Clinic, P.S.C., 436 S.W.3d 189 (Ky. 2013); Davis v. Davis, 343 S.W.3d 610 (Ky. App. 2011); Stewart v. Kentucky Paving Co., 557 S.W.2d 435 (Ky. App. 1977). Contrary to Preferred’s position, we do not believe that a jury would necessarily interpret “fiducial information” and “fiducial confidences” as being one in the same. The term “fiducial,” in and of itself, is vague, and when coupled with “information” becomes far too broad and meaningless. See DSG Corp. v. Anderson, 754 F.2d 678, 682 (6th Cir. 1985) (holding that the district court should have provided the jury with any guidance -17- concerning what the term “fiducial confidence” means.). We are of the opinion that the instruction did not properly inform the jury that Key was only prohibited from using confidential information that belonged to Preferred. We also agree with Insight that Instruction No. 2 erroneously instructed the jury that after the termination of Key’s fiduciary relationship with Preferred, he could not hire key personnel employed by Preferred. In fact, the law is that “he cannot, while still a corporate fiduciary, set up a competitive enterprise or resign and take with him the key personnel of the corporation for the purpose of operating his own competitive enterprise.” Aero Drapery, at 169 (emphasis added) (citations omitted). See also Baptist Physicians Lexington, Inc., 436 S.W.3d at 200. (“While Kentucky law is not extensive, it is nonetheless instructive regarding the duties of a corporate director who plans to compete. The conduct alleged by NLC, misuse of corporate information and recruiting of NLC personnel prior to resignation, if proven, would support a claim for breach of the Physicians' common law fiduciary duties.”) (Emphasis added). The wording of the instruction herein essentially stated that Key could never hire key personnel of Preferred, even after his fiduciary duties ceased. Even accepting as true Preferred’s dubious argument that its mechanics were “key personnel,” once Key was no longer a fiduciary of Preferred, he was not prohibited from recruiting any of Preferred’s employees. See B & L Corp. v. Thomas and Thorngren, Inc., 162 S.W.3d 189, 208 (Tenn. Ct. App. 2004) (“We therefore find that the trial court properly premised its finding that defendants breached their -18- duties of loyalty to B & L upon defendants' wrongful solicitation of employees Benson and Donnelly prior to their termination or resignation from B & L.”). Accordingly, we conclude that Instruction No. 2 erroneously misstated the law regarding breach of a fiduciary duty. Insight next argues that the trial court’s instruction on aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty was erroneous. Instruction No. 3 provided as follows: INSTRUCTION NO. 3 If you answered “YES” to Interrogatory No. 1, you will now consider whether Insight Communications is liable for aiding and abetting Jerry Key’s breach of fiduciary duty. To find that Insight Communications aided and abetted Jerry Key in breaching a fiduciary duty to Preferred Auto, you must determine that: (a) Insight knowingly joined with, encouraged, aided or gave substantial assistance in the actions constituting the breach of fiduciary duty; and (b) Preferred Auto suffered damages. Indeed, the above-instruction differs significantly from the language of Restatement (Second) of Torts § 876(b) which states: For harm resulting to a third person from the tortious conduct of another, one is subject to liability if he . . . (b) knows that the other’s conduct constitutes a breach of duty and give substantial assistance or encouragement to the other so to conduct himself. The Restatement standard clearly requires both (1) knowledge of the breach of fiduciary duty and (2) substantial assistance or encouragement to the fiduciary to -19- breach such duty. See Miles Farm Supply, LLC, 595 F.3d at 666. The trial court’s instruction, however, combined the requirements and allowed the jury to find for Preferred upon a finding that Insight knowingly joined, assisted or encouraged Key. Contrary to the Restatement, the jury was not required to specifically find that Insight had actual knowledge of Key’s alleged breach. The wording is made all the more erroneous because it only required the jury to find that Insight knowingly joined with, encouraged or aided Key, which unquestionably departs from the substantial assistance requirement contained in § 876. Clearly, the law requires that the encouragement, aid or assistance be substantial. Id. However, the instruction herein failed to provide the “substantial” qualifier to the relevant actions, and essentially authorized the jury to find that any encouragement, aid, or assistance on Insight’s part constituted aiding and abetting. Consequently, we must agree with Insight that Instruction No. 3 erroneously misstated the law on aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. Insight also argues that the trial court failed to instruct the jury on the measure of damages. Specifically, Instruction No. 4 provided: If you have found for Preferred Auto and answered “Yes” to Interrogatories No. 1 and 2, then you may award Preferred Auto such damages as will reasonably compensate it for the losses it has suffered. In awarding damages, you will exclude from the amount of the award so much of Preferred Auto damages as you are satisfied from the evidence could have been avoided through the exercise of ordinary care in attempting to continue its business by seeking new customers. -20- From the evidence, please set forth the amount of money that will compensate Preferred Auto for Insight’s aiding and abetted [sic] the breach of fiduciary duty of Key. Insight contends that the trial court was required to instruct the jury that it could only award damages that Preferred suffered as a direct result of Insight’s aiding and abetting Key’s breach. In the Baptist Physicians of Lexington, Inc. decision, our Supreme Court stated: [I]f NLC establishes a breach of fiduciary duty by any of the Physicians (or aiding and abetting by Baptist) the recoverable damages are those caused by the actual breach of those duties, not some portion of the revenue stream generated by the Physicians through their medical practices after their departure. . . . .... While quantifying the damages that a corporation incurs when a director improperly uses confidential information or hires corporate employees for a competing venture is not an easy task, courts in other jurisdictions have tackled the task. See, e.g., B & L Corporation v. Thomas and Thorngren, Inc., 162 S.W.3d 189 (Tenn. App. 2004); Monotronics Corp. v. Baylor, 107 Ill.App.3d 14, 62 Ill.Dec. 760, 436 N.E.2d 1062 (1982). When fiduciary duty breaches are proven, Kentucky trial courts and juries are equally capable of making damage causation determinations on a case-by-case basis. 436 S.W.3d at 201. As Preferred points out, the final sentence of the instruction did instruct the jury to award an amount of money that would compensate Preferred for Insight’s tortious conduct. Nonetheless, the prior language in the instruction can also be interpreted as allowing the jury to award such damages as would reasonably compensate Preferred for its losses in general, including those -21- unrelated to Insight’s alleged tortious conduct. That language, when coupled by improper expert testimony regarding Preferred’s lost profits, also discussed in this opinion, certainly could have resulted in the jury awarding Preferred damages for losses that it may have sustained as a result of losing Insight’s business but that were not directly attributable to any tortious conduct. Insight next argues that Instruction No. 5 pertaining to apportionment of fault erroneously omitted Southside and Johnson. Insight contends that it introduced sufficient evidence, including Preferred’s complaint against Southside and Johnson claiming that Key misappropriated information belonging to Preferred for Southside’s benefit and Preferred’s demand letter claiming that Key left Preferred to work for Southside, to warrant including Southside and Johnson in an apportionment instruction pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes (KRS) 411.182. “If there is an active assertion of a claim against joint tortfeasors, and the evidence is sufficient to submit the issue of liability to each, an apportionment instruction is required whether or not each of the tortfeasors is a party-defendant at the time of trial.” Floyd v. Carlisle Construction. Co., Inc., 758 S.W.2d 430, 432 (Ky. 1988) (Emphasis added). See also Savage v. Three Rivers Medical Center, 390 S.W.3d 104, 118 (Ky. 2012). Insight suggests that the decision in CertainTeed Corp. v. Dexter, 330 S.W.3d 64 (Ky. 2010), stands for the proposition that a complaint filed against a non-party is sufficient to submit an apportionment instruction that includes that non-party party. In fact, however, our Supreme Court in CertainTeed held that -22- [e]mpty-chair defendants who have settled are to be treated no differently than participating defendants in regard to what must be proved to apportion fault against them. Though the empty-chair defendant will not actually be held liable in the trial, since it is literally not on trial, a participating defendant must still prove liability on the part of the tortfeasor onto whom it seeks to shift some of the blame. Id. at 74. As stated more explicitly in a case in which the instructions improperly allowed the jury to apportion damages to parties without finding them at fault: Fault may not be properly allocated to a party, a dismissed party or settling nonparty unless the court or the jury first finds that the party was at fault; otherwise, the party has no fault to allocate . . . The mere fact that a party has been sued or has settled does not permit the factfinder to allocate part of the total fault to that party. Owens Corning Fiberglas Corp. v. Parrish, 58 S.W.3d 467, 471 n. 4, 5 (Ky. 2001) (citation omitted); see also Morgan v. Scott, 291 S.W.3d 622, 634 (Ky. 2009) (“[F]ault may be apportioned only among those against whom the evidence of liability was sufficient to allow submission of the issue of fault to the jury.”). We are of the opinion that Insight failed to meet its burden of proving that Southside and Johnson knew Key owed a fiduciary duty to Preferred or that they provided substantial assistance to Key in breaching that duty. That Preferred stated claims against both does not satisfy Insight’s burden of proving their liability so as to shift the blame accordingly. The trial court has the authority to deny requested instructions, and if there is doubt that the evidence supports the giving of an instruction, their decision to do so will only be reversed for an abuse of discretion. See Olfice Inc., 173 S.W.3d at -23- 229; Nazar v. Branham, 291 S.W.3d 599 (Ky. 2009). Based on the record before us, we cannot conclude that the trial court abused its discretion by excluding Southside and Johnson from the apportionment instruction. ERRONOUS EVIDENTIARY RULINGS Insight first argues that testimony from Preferred’s damage expert, James Gravitt, should have been excluded under Kentucky Rules of Evidence (KRE) 702 as it was unreliable and based on assumptions. We agree. At trial, Gravitt testified that he was bound by the professional standards of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”). Gravitt explained that the AICPA Practice Aid on Calculating Lost Profits requires a link between the wrongful act and the resulting damages. Gravitt stated that he calculated Preferred’s damages as being $4,340,000, which represented its lost profits from the time Insight ceased doing business with Preferred until Brian Payne’s forecasted retirement date in 2022. However, during his testimony, Gravitt acknowledged that he included in his calculations any monies that Insight spent at vendors other than Preferred and Southside, including completely unrelated body, tire and towing work that Preferred had not previously performed for Insight. When questioned, Gravitt was unable to identify a causal link between that other work and Preferred’s damages. In fact, Gravitt conceded that his damages estimate would be greatly reduced if monies representing Insight’s lawful conduct unrelated to the alleged tortious conduct were excluded. We must agree -24- with Insight that the damage model presented to the jury sought to hold Insight liable for damages that had no relationship to the claims asserted by Preferred. Further troubling is the fact that Gravitt specifically acknowledged that Insight did not have a contract with Preferred and was free to move its business to another vendor at any time, yet calculated his damages using Payne’s proposed retirement date of 2022 because “it seemed to be a reasonable time period.” Loss of anticipated profits is a recognized form of damages in Kentucky if proven with a reasonable certainty. Pauline's Chicken Villa, Inc. v. KFC Corp., 701 S.W.2d 399, 401 (Ky. 1985). Kentucky Utilities Co. v. Warren Ellison Café, 231 Ky. 558, 563, 21 S.W.2d 976, 978 (Ky. 1929). Although the “[m]ere uncertainty as to the amount will not preclude recovery[,]” Illinois Valley Asphalt, Inc. v. Harry Berry, Inc., 578 S.W.2d 244, 245 (Ky. 1979), more than a mere estimate is required. Further, there must be “no lack of certainty on account of being too remote, conjectural, and speculative.” Kentucky Utilities Co., 21 S.W.2d at 978. Preferred has produced no evidence, and we find none in the record, to indicate that Insight would have stayed with Preferred after Key’s departure. Significantly, the parties did not have a contract. Further, there seems to be no dispute that Insight and Preferred’s business was premised upon Key’s relationship with Insight employees. Thus, there is a distinct possibility, if not probability, that Insight would have chosen to maintain its relationship with Key and forsaken its business with Preferred even absent any alleged wrongful conduct. See B & L -25- Corp., 162 S.W.3d at 220; Baptist Physicians Lexington, Inc., 436 S.W.3d at 201. (“Patients . . . can and do choose from whom they will receive their medical care. The patients that have been the subject of much dispute in this case did not belong to NLC and they do not belong to the Physicians and Baptist, a fact that should not be lost on any of the parties on remand.”). Gravitt’s expert testimony that he believed Insight would continue to do business with Preferred until 2022 was based on nothing more than pure speculation and conjecture. Consequently, his calculation of lost profit damages was unreliable and should have been excluded. Next, Insight argues that the trial court erred in allowing a Preferred employee, Barbara Hargrove, to testify that, while he was still employed with Preferred, Key gave her $10,000 to obtain two $5,000 gift cards from L&N Credit Union so that he could give one of them to “Bob.” Hargrove stated that she assumed Bob was Bob Mathena of Insight. Insight contends that Hargrove’s testimony was hearsay, irrelevant and prejudicial. We agree with Insight that, contrary to Preferred’s argument, the hearsay exception contained in KRE 803(3) for a declarant’s state of mind is inapplicable. Key’s state of mind concerning his alleged intent to give Mathena a gift card at a point in time well before he was terminated was simply not an issue in the case. However, we are more troubled by the fact that Insight was prohibited from calling an L&N representative or introducing a certified business record to establish that the bank had a maximum limit on gift cards of $1,000. Hargrove’s testimony was -26- demonstrably false and the trial court’s prohibition of any rebuttal evidence proving such was clearly erroneous. CROSS-APPEAL In its cross-appeal, Preferred first argues that the trial court erred in denying its motion to amend its complaint to add claim for a violation of the Kentucky Uniform Trade Secrets Act (“KUTSA”), KRS 365.880 et seq. Preferred contends that in denying the motion, the trial court engaged in an improper and incorrect analysis of the merits of the claim when it ruled that “no information identified by [Preferred] constitute[ed] a trade secret as defined by KRS 365.880(4).” We disagree. CR 15.01 provides that, with exceptions not applicable here, “a party may amend his pleading only by leave of court or by written consent of the adverse party; and leave shall be freely given when justice so requires.” See also Nichols v. Zurich American Ins. Co., 423 S.W.3d 698 (Ky. 2014). In Kenney v. Hanger Prosthetics & Orthotics, Inc., 269 S.W.3d 866, 869–70 (Ky. App. 2007), a panel of this Court explained: In determining whether to grant a motion to amend a party's complaint, a circuit court “may consider such factors as the failure to cure deficiencies by amendment or the futility of the amendment itself.” First National Bank of Cincinnati v. Hartman, 747 S.W.2d 614, 616 (Ky.App. 1988). Other factors include whether amendment would prejudice the opposing party or would work an injustice. See Shah v. American Synthetic Rubber Corp., 655 S.W.2d 489, 493 (Ky. 1983). -27- A trial court may deny the right to amend a pleading on the basis of “the futility of the amendment itself,” which essentially equates to a failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted. Bank One, Kentucky, N.A. v. Murphy, 52 S.W.3d 540 (Ky. 2001). Ultimately, a trial court is vested with the discretion to determine whether to allow an amended pleading, and its decision will not be disturbed absent an abuse of that discretion. Lambert v. Franklin Real Estate Co., 37 S.W.3d 770, 779 (Ky. App. 2000). KRS 365.880, the statute wherein Kentucky codified the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, provides in relevant part: (4) “Trade secret” means information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program, data, device, method, technique, or process, that: (a) Derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and (b) Is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. Information cannot constitute a trade secret and, thus, is not confidential if the subject matter is “of public knowledge or general knowledge in the industry” or if the matter consists of “ideas which are well known or easily ascertainable.” Heyer–Jordan & Associates, Inc. v. Jordan, 801 S.W.2d 814, 821 (Tenn. App. 1990) (quoting Hickory Specialties v. B & L Labs., Inc., 592 S.W.2d 583, 586–87 (Tenn. App. 1979)). -28- We agree with the trial court that there is simply nothing in the record to satisfy the statutory definition of a trade secret. In its tendered amended complaint, Preferred alleged that Key acquired and misappropriated “certain proprietary and confidential trade secret information belonging to Preferred Automotive relating to its operations, pricing, business arrangements, suppliers, customers, parts warranties and vehicle repair histories.” As we previously concluded, however, it is questionable whether the information at issue is even confidential much less trade secrets. Preferred did not derive any “independent economic value” from its knowledge of Insight’s vehicles. Preferred profited simply because Insight chose to have its fleet maintained by Preferred. Furthermore, Insight certainly had the right to share with any other vendor it chose for service the repair and maintenance histories, as well as the parts and price charged for them. In Venture Express, Inc. v. Zilly, 973 S.W.2d at 606, the Court stated that [i]n the absence of evidence to the contrary, this court has held that the following types of information are not confidential: (1) Remembered information as to a business's prices; (2) The specific needs and business habits of certain customers; and (3) An employee's personality and the relationships which he has established with certain customers. See also B & L Corp., 162 S.W.3d at 213 (names of customers, the prices charged for services rendered, the renewal dates for customer contracts, and the name of the customer contact person authorized to enter into binding contracts is not confidential simply “because it can be difficult to obtain.”). Finally, as the -29- Pennsylvania Supreme Court recognized in Van Products Co. v. General Welding & Fabricating Co., 213 A.2d 769, 776 (Pa. 1965) “material sources and costs” are “something that would be learned in any productive industry, . . . .” See also SI Handling Systems, Inc. v. Heisley, 753 F.2d 1244 (3rd Cir. 1985). We are of the opinion that even if the factual allegations of the amended claim were taken as true, Preferred would not have been entitled to any relief for a violation of the KUTSA because the information it alleges Key to have acquired and misappropriated does not satisfy the definition of a trade secret under KRS 365.880(4). We conclude that the trial court properly found that it would have been futile for Preferred to amend its complaint and, as such, denied the motion accordingly. Preferred next argues that the trial court erred by including itself and Key in the apportionment instruction. Specifically, Preferred contends that apportionment of fault is only permitted among parties in pari delicto, and that it cannot share fault in the breach of fiduciary duty since the beneficiary of a fiduciary duty cannot be in pari delicto with the fiduciary who breaches the duty. Further, Preferred argues that apportionment to Key was improper because Insight and Key were joint and severally liable pursuant to Steelvest, Inc. v. Scansteel Service Center, 807 S.W.2d 476, 485 (Ky. 1991). We find both of Preferred’s arguments to be without merit. KRS 411.182, Kentucky’s comparative fault statute provides, in relevant part: -30- (1) In all tort actions, including products liability actions, involving fault of more than one (1) party to the action, including third-party defendants and persons who have been released under subsection (4) of this section, the court, unless otherwise agreed by all parties, shall instruct the jury to answer interrogatories or, if there is no jury, shall make findings indicating: (a) The amount of damages each claimant would be entitled to recover if contributory fault is disregarded; and (b) The percentage of the total fault of all the parties to each claim that is allocated to each claimant, defendant, third-party defendant, and person who has been released from liability under subsection (4) of this section. (2) In determining the percentages of fault, the trier of fact shall consider both the nature of the conduct of each party at fault and the extent of the causal relation between the conduct and the damages claimed. (3) The court shall determine the award of damages to each claimant in accordance with the findings, subject to any reduction under subsection (4) of this section, and shall determine and state in the judgment each party's equitable share of the obligation to each claimant in accordance with the respective percentages of fault. With the adoption of comparative fault, the trier of fact is required to consider the conduct of all of the parties, including claimants such as Preferred, and to determine the percentage of total fault of those parties. “Fault” has been defined to include an “unreasonable failure to avoid an injury or to mitigate damages.” Owens Corning Fiberglas Corp. v. Parrish, 58 S.W.3d at 473 (quoting Uniform Comparative Fault Act, 12 U.L.A. 123, note 10 at §1(b) (Cum. Supp. 2000)). -31- Preferred’s argument that apportionment can only be among parties in pari delicto is misplaced. In fact, the concept of pari delicto, as it is applicable herein, refers only to whether a joint tortfeasor is entitled to apportionment or indemnity. In Degener v. Hall Contracting Corp., 27 S.W.3d 775 (Ky. 2000), the Kentucky Supreme Court explained the circumstances in which a defendant has a right to apportion liability and when its right is to indemnity. Apportionment of liability arises “when two or more joint tortfeasors are guilty of concurrent negligence of substantially the same character which converges to cause the plaintiff's damages.” Id. at 778. Such joint tortfeasors “are said to be ‘in pari delicto.’” Id. Indemnity, on the other hand, “is available to one exposed to liability because of the wrongful act of another with whom he/she is not in pari delicto.” Id. at 780. In either case, however, whether the joint tortfeasors are or are not in pari delicto has no bearing whether fault can be apportioned to a plaintiff. Further, contrary to Preferred’s argument, liability among joint tortfeasors is no longer joint and several, but is several only. Dix & Associates Pipeline Contractors, Inc. v. Key, 799 S.W.2d 24 (Ky. 1990). Thus, because the liability is several as to each joint tortfeasor, it is necessary to apportion a specific share of the total liability to each of them, whether joined in the original complaint or by thirdparty complaint, and the several liability of each joint tortfeasor with respect to the judgment is limited by the extent of his/her fault. Id. at 27–28. Degener, 27 S.W.3d at 779. -32- Preferred erroneously contends that the recent decision in Abbott v. Chesley, 413 S.W.3d 589 (Ky. 2013), supports joint and several liability for breach of fiduciary duty. In fact, our Supreme Court specifically recognized that joint and several liability is barred in tort cases by KRS 411.182, but nevertheless determined that the appellants' claim was essentially contractual, based upon a breach of the attorney-client contract, and further that the appellees had engaged in a joint enterprise, or joint adventure, for which joint and several liability is properly assessed pursuant to KRS 362.220. Id. at 603. Abbott has no applicability to the instant case. Based upon the language of KRS 411.182 and the cases interpreting comparative negligence, we conclude that the trial court did not err by instructing the jury to apportion fault to Preferred and Key. Both parties have appealed the award of punitive damages. Insight argues the punitive damages award must be vacated because there was no clear and convincing evidence that it acted with fraud, oppression, malice or gross negligence. KRS 411.184(2); Williams v. Wilson, 972 S.W.2d 260 (Ky. 1998). Insight further contends that once the trial court ruled that the punitive damage award was the result of passion or prejudice, it was required to vacate the award rather than arbitrarily reduce it. In its cross-appeal, however, Preferred argues that the full punitive damage award should be reinstated because the trial court lacked the authority to reduce it and because the trial court erred in finding that it was the result of passion or prejudice. Because we are remanding this matter for a new -33- trial, however, any issues regarding the punitive damages award are necessarily rendered moot. For the same reason, we decline to address Insight’s arguments pertaining to the closing arguments. For the reasons set forth herein, the judgment of the Jefferson Circuit Court is reversed and this matter is remanded for a new trial in accordance with this opinion. ALL CONCUR. BRIEF FOR APPELLANT/CROSSAPPELLEE: BRIEF FOR APPELLEE/CROSSAPPELLANT: Culver V. Halliday Adam Goebel Barry Lee Dunn Louisville, Kentucky R. Kenyon Meyer Jeremy Stuart Rogers Louisville, Kentucky Amicus curiae brief for THE KENTUCKY BANKERS ASSOCIATION: Debra Stamper John T. McGarvey M. Thurman Senn Louisville, Kentucky -34-
				












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 Kentucky Court of Appeals Decisions :: Kentucky Case Law :: Kentucky Law :: US Law :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Kentucky Supreme Court opinions.







Subscribe








Kentucky Court of Appeals Decisions

Browse Opinions From the Kentucky Court of Appeals



2017 (666)
			

2016 (974)
			

2015 (1011)
			

2014 (1196)
			

2013 (1147)
			

2012 (1180)
			

2011 (1124)
			

2010 (1217)
			

2009 (1308)
			

2008 (971)
			

2007 (766)
			

2006 (699)
			

2005 (611)
			

2004 (637)
			

2003 (650)
			

2002 (691)
			

2001 (686)
			

2000 (651)
			

1999 (671)
			

1998 (427)
			

1997 (134)
			

1996 (34)
			

1995 (41)
			

1994 (27)
			

1993 (33)
			

1992 (38)
			

1991 (27)
			

1990 (28)
			

1989 (35)
			

1988 (41)
			

1987 (40)
			

1986 (59)
			

1985 (49)
			

1984 (44)
			

1983 (40)
			

1982 (24)
			

1981 (31)
			

1980 (30)
			

1979 (55)
			

1978 (63)
			

1977 (59)
			

1976 (1)
			

1975 (46)
			

1974 (78)
			

1973 (51)
			

1972 (68)
			

1971 (114)
			

1970 (112)
			

1969 (108)
			

1968 (127)
			

1967 (140)
			

1966 (112)
			

1965 (131)
			

1964 (144)
			

1963 (85)
			

1962 (78)
			

1961 (124)
			

1960 (124)
			

1959 (91)
			

1958 (113)
			

1957 (101)
			

1956 (125)
			

1955 (126)
			

1954 (136)
			

1953 (118)
			

1952 (109)
			

1951 (112)
			

1950 (100)
			

1949 (1)
			



Recent Decisions From the Kentucky Court of Appeals



GGNSC STANFORD, LLC, ET AL. VS. COFFMAN (OLIVIA) AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF FLORA WHITE, DECEASED, ET AL.



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2012-CA-002003-MR
								
									


BALTIMORE (COURTNEY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000859-MR
								
									


PATEL (DILIPKUMAR) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000105-DG, 2015-CA-001443-MR
								
									


NAVE (PATRICIA) VS. FEINBERG (DAVID), PHD., ET AL.



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000275-MR, 2015-CA-000298-MR, 2015-CA-000891-MR
								
									


ROBINSON (PAUL) VS. BEARD (CHENOA JOIA), ET AL.



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000384-ME
								
									


PADGETT (MICHAEL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000737-MR
								
									


HOUSE (BARBARA), ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTASTE OF LAURA B. ALEXANDER, DECEASED, ET AL. VS. JEWISH HOSPITAL & ST. MARY'S HEALTHCARE, INC. D/B/A JEWISH HOSPITAL MEDICAL CENTER SOUTH



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001205-MR, 2015-CA-001278-MR
								
									


ROSS (GREGORY SCOTT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001332-MR
								
									


COX (TERESA) VS. COX (HOMER), ET AL.



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001382-MR
								
									


LOUISVILLE/JEFFERSON COUNTY METRO GOVERNMENT VS. WILCOX (WILLIAM)



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001541-MR
								
									


DERMODY (ROGER) VS. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH (U.S.A.)



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001613-MR
								
									


SOUTHEAST BULLITT FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICT VS. SOUTHEAST BULLITT FIRE RESCUE DEPARTMENT



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000030-MR
								
									


DUKE (RICKEY LEE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000168-MR
								
									


HOLLAND (JOHN M.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000176-MR
								
									


VELOUDIS (GEORGE) VS. WAL-MART STORES EAST, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000207-MR
								
									




		The opinions published on Justia State Caselaw are sourced from individual state court sites.
		These court opinions may not be the official published versions, and you should check your local court rules before citing to them. 
		We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site, 
		or the information linked to on the state site.
	
 








Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 2016 :: Kentucky Court of Appeals Decisions :: Kentucky Case Law :: Kentucky Law :: US Law :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Kentucky Supreme Court opinions.







Subscribe








Kentucky Court of Appeals Decisions 2016

Opinions 1 - 500 of 974

1
2
Next




JOYA DE ANDALUCIA FARMS, LLC, ET AL. VS. FIRST NATIONAL BANK NORTH PLATTE



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2013-CA-001754-MR, 2014-CA-000869-MR
								
									


PBI BANK, INC. VS. SIGNATURE POINT KTC, LLC, ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2013-CA-001874-MR, 2014-CA-001825-MR
								
									


DORSEY (FREDERICK) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000809-MR
								
									


CHILD OF THE KING MINISTRIES, INC. VS. KAMAR (RAMSI), ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001410-MR
								
									


DONEGHY (GLENN RAHAN) VS. WKYT 27 NEWS FIRST



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001850-MR
								
									


CLINE (HERALD) VS. U.S. SMOKELESS TOBACCO CO./ALTRIA, INC., ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001965-WC
								
									


FURTULA (VERA) VS. PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS SUCCESSOR BY MERGER TO NATIONAL CITY CORPORATION D/B/A NATIONAL CITY BANK



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000518-MR, 2015-CA-000525-MR
								
									


C. (J.) VS. D. (S.)



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000548-ME
								
									


OSTRIHON (RANDY SCOTT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000581-MR
								
									


WHITE (MARLENE), ET AL. VS. LEXINGTON-FAYETTE URBAN COUNTY PLANNING COMMISSION MEMBERS, ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000846-MR
								
									


TRIMBLE (JAMES THOMAS) VS. TRIMBLE (ALLISON)



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001021-MR
								
									


HAGAN (CANDICE MARIE) VS. FRISCH'S RESTAURANTS, INC.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001094-MR
								
									


NEW HERITAGE HALL HEALTH & REHABILITATION CENTER, LLC, ET AL. VS. COFFMAN (DANNY), AS ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF CHARLES COFFMAN



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001220-MR
								
									


L. (B. R.), MOTHER, ET AL. VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001548-ME, 2015-CA-001549-ME, 2015-CA-001550-ME, 2015-CA-001551-ME
								
									


THE ESTATE OF MARY MAE PRICE VS. SHELTER MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001604-MR
								
									


VONDERBRINK (MATT) VS. VONDERBRINK (MARY)



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001666-MR
								
									


MONTGOMERY (JOSHUA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001844-MR
								
									


BOHANNON (LENELL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001968-ME
								
									


FORD MOTOR COMPANY VS. JOBE (DONALD), ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000258-WC
								
									


H. (C. F.) VS. C. (V.), ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2016-CA-000580-ME, 2016-CA-000581-ME, 2016-CA-000582-ME
								
									


FORD MOTOR COMPANY (KTP) VS. COLEMAN (RONALD) JR., ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000600-WC
								
									


BLICKENSTAFF (JOHN) VS. UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC., ET AL.



Date:  December 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-001119-WC
								
									


RESNICK (ROBERT), ET AL. VS. PATTERSON (CHARLES OMER)



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2011-CA-001657-MR
								
									


BURKHEAD (CARL), JR. VS. DAVIS (LORI), ET AL.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-000012-MR, 2014-CA-000024-MR
								
									


THOMAS (KIMBERLY) VS. THOMAS (LOUIS)



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000984-MR
								
									


HOPPIUS (ALANYA) VS. METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001199-MR
								
									


HARDIN (LATONYA) VS. HUMANA, INC.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001321-MR
								
									


HALL (AUBREY) VS. KINZER INVESTMENT REALTY, LTD



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001917-MR
								
									


KERINS (PATRICIA A. DEPALMO), ET AL. VS. ESTATE OF ELAINE MARIE BUKOWSKI, ET AL.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000538-MR
								
									


LONGSHORE (ALEXANDER) VS. KENTUCKY UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE COMMISSION, ET AL.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000676-MR
								
									


GABBARD-WRIGHT (ANGELA MARIE) VS. WRIGHT (WILLIAM ALEXANDER)



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000703-MR
								
									


LIBERTY MUTUAL INSURANCE AGENCY VS. RAYMOND NELSON INSURANCE AGENCY, INC., ET AL.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000746-MR
								
									


PUCKETT (TOMMY), ET AL. VS. LEXINGTON-FAYETTE URBAN COUNTY GOVERNMENT



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000752-MR
								
									


COWAN (CAITLIN P.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000857-MR
								
									


BEASLEY (DANIEL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000901-MR
								
									


RILEY (JEREMY A.) VS. STATE FARM MUTUAL AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE CO., ET AL.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000980-MR
								
									


HERMANSEN (ERIC LLOYD), ET AL. VS. BEVIN (MATTHEW), GOVERNOR



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001005-MR
								
									


PREMIERTOX 2.0, INC. VS. DUNCAN (ERIC)



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001011-MR
								
									


HOMESTEAD FAMILY FARM VS. PERRY (DAVID), ET AL.



Date:  November 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001988-WC
								
									


HARGROVE (DERRICK A.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-000176-MR
								
									


NOLES (JOANN), AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF WILLIAM NOLES, DECEASED VS. CONSOLIDATED RESOURCES HEALTH CARE FUND I, L.P., ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-000742-MR
								
									


SEEGER (HARRY L.) VS. LANHAM (SHARON)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2013-CA-001591-DG, 2013-CA-001661-DG
								
									


PARKER (KENNETH) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000076-MR
								
									


BALDWIN (CARLA) VS. PBK BANK, ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000549-MR
								
									


GOETZ (MICHAEL) VS. ASSET ACCEPTANCE, LLC.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000749-MR
								
									


BROWN (ASHLEY) VS. GRIFFIN (ERIC P.), M.D., ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001049-MR
								
									


SHELTON (JAMES) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001092-MR
								
									


MCFARLAND (ANTONIO) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002025-MR
								
									


ADDISON (MARK) VS. TRAXX MANAGEMENT COMPANY, ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000184-MR
								
									


HUTTON (LARRY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000287-MR
								
									


MARTIN (JAMES EDWARD) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000416-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. HONORABLE JERRY CROSBY, OLDHAM DISTRICT COURT JUDGE, ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000666-MR
								
									


GOWER (TAYLOR) VS. ALFA VISION INSURANCE CORPORATION



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000804-MR
								
									


NEAL (LATERRANCE DUANE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001035-MR
								
									


HAYES (FREDDIE) VS. VAN NORT (JAMES J.)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001078-MR
								
									


MARCANO-TANON (LUIS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001184-MR
								
									


CAUDILL (WHITNEY) VS. HUFFMAN (LEIGH J.)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001328-ME
								
									


PARKER (DAVID) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001333-MR
								
									


LANOUX (GARY DONALD) VS. LANOUX (PATRICIA S.)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001361-MR
								
									

S.S. VS. COMMOWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001368-MR
								
									


MANNS (KEVIN LAMAR) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001375-MR
								
									


ADKINS (JACKIE A.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001477-MR
								
									


TAYLOR (JEROME LESLIE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001531-MR
								
									


EDWARDS (SAMUEL) VS. MEKO (JOSEPH), WARDEN, ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001566-MR
								
									


PRAETORIAN INSURANCE COMPANY VS. LUIE WHITAKER FREIGHT AGENCY, ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001641-WC
								
									

GONCALVES (JOSEPH), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001895-MR
								
									


KENTUCKY RETIREMENT SYSTEMS, ET AL. VS. SHUMATE (MARGARET)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001907-MR
								
									


BLAIR (DOUGLASS M.) VS. BLAIR (JAMIE R.)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001912-ME
								
									


KAY & KAY CONTRACTING, LLC VS. VANHOOK ENTERPRISES, INC.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001977-MR
								
									


BINGHAM GREENEBAUM DOLL, LLP VS. LAWRENCE (MEREDITH)



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000102-MR
								
									


C. (T.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  November 18, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2016-CA-000387-ME, 2016-CA-000388-ME, 2016-CA-000389-ME, 2016-CA-000390-ME
								
									


MARTINEZ (SHAWNA JOY) (NOW STERLING) VS. BRUNER LAND COMPANY, INC.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001312-MR, 2014-CA-001393-MR
								
									


AMERICAN MINING INSURANCE COMPANY, INC. VS. PETERS FARMS, LLC



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000055-MR
								
									


FORTE (JAMES E.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000410-MR
								
									


WAGNER (VESTER RAY), ET AL. VS. WAGNER (BRYAN), IN HIS CAPACITY AS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ESTATE OF VESTER RAY WAGNER, II, ET AL.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000429-MR
								
									


YATES (PEGGY S.) VS. YATES (DENVER D.)



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000755-MR
								
									


KILGORE (KATHERINE J.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000801-MR
								
									


LANHAM (WARREN) VS. ELLIOTT (MARTY), ET AL.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001053-MR
								
									

DENTON (VENCHEL O.) VS. WAGNER (ANN)



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001092-MR
								
									


PENTICUFF (CARSON) VS. MILLER (MARK DWAYNE), ET AL.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001101-ME, 2015-CA-001129-ME
								
									


IVES (MARY), ET AL. VS. CITY-COUNTY BOARD OF ADJUSTMENTS BOWLING GREEN, ET AL.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001360-MR
								
									


C. (M. S.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001366-ME, 2015-CA-001367-ME
								
									


LANE (DAMION MONTRECE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001698-MR
								
									


J. (K. M.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001746-ME
								
									


GIBSON (MICHAEL SHANE) VS. CAMPBELL - MARLETTA (SHELBY SUZANNE)



Date:  November 4, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000038-ME
								
									


HAMPTON (GLENN) VS. FLAV-O-RICH DAIRIES, ET AL.



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000409-WC
								
									


JENKINS (BENJAMIN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001734-MR
								
									


ROBERTS (JOHN S.) VS. WOODHILL PARK, INC., ET AL.



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001945-MR
								
									


WATKINS (JOE S.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002068-MR
								
									

CURTIS (GREGORY SHAUN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000069-MR
								
									


SIMMONS (JODI) VS. CITIBANK, N.A., SUCCESSOR TO CITIBANK



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000165-MR
								
									


YACOB SMOKE SHOP LLC VS. ACUITY, A MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000237-MR
								
									


SMITH (MARK A.) VS. SMITH (AMY H.)



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000339-MR
								
									


HARRINGTON (DAVID G.) VS. KENTUCKY REAL ESTATE APPRAISERS BOARD



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000484-MR
								
									


FERRELL (NEWELLYNN) VS. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE KENTUCKY RETIREMENT SYSTEMS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000558-MR
								
									


SMITH (BRANDON PAUL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000652-MR
								
									


LEWIS (MARION PATRICK), ET AL. VS. LEWIS (MARION A.), ET AL.



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000667-MR
								
									


LEE (TONY), ET AL. VS. BOTTOM (DON), WARDEN, ET AL



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001077-MR, 2015-CA-001093-MR
								
									


M. (M.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001115-ME, 2015-CA-001116-ME
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL. VS. PRIM (BILL A.), ET AL.



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001148-MR, 2015-CA-001150-MR
								
									


CRUMP (LARRY) VS. THOMPSON (LADONNA), COMMISSIONER OF DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001364-MR
								
									


WRIGHT (SACHA N. DEES) VS. BRAMBLETTE (JOYCE)



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001396-ME
								
									


C. (B. J.), ET AL. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000057-ME
								
									


C. (B. J.), ET AL. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  October 28, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000058-ME
								
									


KINDRED HEALTHCARE, INC., ET AL. VS. CHEROLIS (ARTIE), AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF THELMA FUQUA, DECEASED



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2012-CA-002074-MR
								
									


ROWE (KEVIN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2013-CA-001240-MR, 2014-CA-001714-MR
								
									


BRESTER HOMES OF KENTUCKY, LLC, ET AL. VS. KENTUCKY BANK



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000434-MR
								
									


UNIVERSITY OF LOUISVILLE VS. HARPER (LAUREL)



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-000668-MR, 2014-CA-000724-MR
								
									


ROBERTSON (CURTIS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001417-MR
								
									


MALICOTE (BILLY JOE) VS. MALICOTE (KAREN KAY) (NOW HUTTON)



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001627-ME
								
									


CASSIDY (GREGORY D.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001831-MR
								
									


ALLEN (DAPHNE) VS. KENTUCKY UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE COMMISSION, ET AL.



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001845-MR
								
									


HENRY (JASON) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001976-MR, 2015-CA-000303-MR
								
									


DICKERSON (LIQUESHA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000482-MR, 2015-CA-000486-MR
								
									


FUGATE (BRIAN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000747-MR
								
									

MUENSTER (CLIFFORD) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000788-MR
								
									


DIALS (EDWIN DEAN) VS. DIALS (SANDRA)



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000913-MR
								
									


CHATMAN (HOSEA AARON) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001217-MR
								
									


PODGURSKY (HENRY) D/B/A MODERN WOODWORKING VS. DECKER (ROBERT), ET AL.



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001390-WC
								
									


SCOTT (JOSEPH) VS. MILLER (EMILEE)



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001553-ME
								
									


H. (T.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001639-ME
								
									


STEPHENS (DONNIE RAY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001671-MR
								
									


CAUDILL (DONNIE) VS. CITY OF MOREHEAD, ET AL.



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000010-WC
								
									


MARCHESE (STEPHEN) VS. ABERSOLD (ALLSION)



Date:  October 21, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000262-ME
								
									


TRAVIS (ZELNAR) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000926-MR
								
									


KAYS (CASEY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001924-MR
								
									


BURDICK (SHARON FOSTER) VS. CAPITAL ONE, N.A.



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000138-MR
								
									


GONZOLEZ (OSCAR UMAR) VS. KENTUCKY GENERAL ASSEMBLY, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VANMETER (PRESIDING JUDGE) MAZE (CONCURS) AND TAYLOR (CONCURS)



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000202-MR
								
									


SKAGGS (JOHN W.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000277-MR
								
									

STATE FARM INSURANCE CO. A/S/O SANTOS I CRUZ VS. MORRIS (SHAWN B.)



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000706-MR
								
									


WILSON (ERIK) VS. FINLEY (OLIVIA)



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000986-ME
								
									


ALLMAN (TEDDY A.) VS. KENTUCKY DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001079-MR
								
									

BOONE (MEGAN CONWAY) VS. BOONE (HEZEKIAH L.)



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001456-ME
								
									


MOBLEY (ANGELA R.) (NOW DAVIS) VS. MOBLEY (ROBERT C.)



Date:  October 14, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001990-ME
								
									


WRIGHT (BARRY LYNN) VS. WRIGHT (JENNIFER RYAN)



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001168-MR
								
									


WHISMAN (JAMES) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001462-MR
								
									


YANCEY (ANTHONY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001799-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. HARPER (BRITNEY)



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-002055-MR, 2014-CA-002056-MR, 2014-CA-002057-MR
								
									


STACY (NEWELL) VS. HANEY (STEVE), WARDEN



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000785-MR
								
									


WALKER (LISA), ET AL. VS. C. LANCE LOVE, MD., PLLC, ET AL.



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000935-MR
								
									


SMITH (GENE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000954-MR
								
									


BOWLING (SANDRA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001105-MR
								
									


COTTON (JEFFERY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001463-MR
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001520-ME
								
									


HANKS (BETTY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001686-MR, 2015-CA-001687-MR
								
									


C. (D. A.) VS. W. (L.), ET AL.



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001732-ME
								
									


BROWN (ADRIAN) VS. THOMPSON (LADONNA) AND THE KENTUCKY DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS



Date:  October 7, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001904-MR
								
									


HURT (JERRY T.) VS. SPEARS (RAYMOND D.)



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-000635-MR, 2015-CA-000299-MR
								
									


BREWER-EL (CLINTON) VS. BECKSTROM (GARY), ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000842-MR
								
									


CONLON (JAMES) VS. HAISE (STEVEN), ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001581-MR
								
									


OXLAJ (MARIO SIQUIN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001621-MR
								
									


HAZEL ENTERPRISES, LLC VS. US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001821-MR
								
									


LEWIS (DOMINQUE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000148-MR
								
									


FOLEY (AMANDA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000247-MR
								
									

HOWERTON (GARY), M.D., ET AL. VS. SOUTHEASTERN EMERGENCY PHYSICIANS, INC., ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000456-MR
								
									


WHITTAKER (MICHAEL WAYNE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000556-MR
								
									


BRUNER (DR. JOHN), ET AL. VS. COOPER (DON), ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000742-MR
								
									


TAPSCOTT (JA'QUALLA) VS. ORDWAY (RA'SHAUNA)



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000802-ME
								
									


ALLEN (AARON) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001091-MR
								
									


BROCK (BUDDY) VS. BROCK (BRIANNA)



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001140-MR
								
									


ROBINSON (CHERYL), ET AL. VS. BLUE VELVET EXCHANGE, LLC



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001244-MR
								
									


D. (B. G.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001431-ME
								
									


D. (B. G.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001432-ME
								
									


C. (R. T.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001634-ME
								
									


MALONE (DELORIAN) VS. BROWN (SHALIMAR BIANCA)



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001655-ME
								
									


S. (B. S.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001809-ME
								
									


MOORE (TERRY A.) VS. MOORE (MEGHAN R.)



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001823-ME
								
									


W. (M.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001869-ME, 2015-CA-001870-ME, 2015-CA-001871-ME, 2015-CA-001872-ME
								
									


NAFTALIYEVA (DALIA) VS. NAFTALIYEVA (GERMAN)



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001899-ME
								
									


J. (K.), NATURAL MOTHER VS. HARDIN COUNTY ATTORNEY, ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001962-ME, 2015-CA-001963-ME, 2015-CA-001964-ME, 2015-CA-001965-ME, 2015-CA-001969-ME, 2015-CA-001970-ME, 2015-CA-001971-ME
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, UNINSURED EMPLOYERS' FUND VS. CRAYNE (MORGAN), ET AL.



Date:  September 30, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000284-WC
								
									


PINE TREE VILLA, LLC, ET AL. VS. HARGUS, (SARAH JASMINE), AS ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF WALTER HERMAN YOUNG, SR., DECEASED



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001647-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. BURKE (HON. STEPHANIE PEARCE), JEFFERSON DISTRICT COURT



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001001-MR
								
									


ALEXANDER (ABBIE GAIL), ET AL. VS. WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. SUCCESSOR BY MERGER TO WACHOVIA BANK, N.A., ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001477-MR
								
									


FRENCH (BRANDON) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000216-MR
								
									


GRASCH (SALLY CAROL) VS. GRASCH (ALBERT FRANKLIN), JR.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000294-MR, 2015-CA-000336-MR
								
									


S. (J.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000389-ME
								
									


WILGREENS, LLC, ET AL. VS. O'NEILL (DAVID), ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000407-MR
								
									


JACKSON (DENNIS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000520-MR
								
									


LOUISVILLE/JEFFERSON COUNTY METRO GOVERNMENT VS. COWAN (CARLA), ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000600-MR
								
									


BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE KENTUCKY RETIREMENT SYSTEMS VS. CITY OF FORT WRIGHT, KENTUCKY



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000878-MR
								
									


PURSIFUL (MELONIE DEANA), ET AL. VS. ABNER (KENNY), ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000879-MR, 2015-CA-000921-MR
								
									


TRIPP (JAMES) VS. KENTUCKY DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001187-MR
								
									


LEGG (TIFFANY M.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001502-ME
								
									


HANEY (JASON R.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001552-MR
								
									


MCKINNEY (EMILY) VS. PETTERSON (KARA), ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001571-ME
								
									


DEANGELO (WILLIAM) VS. DEANGELO (MICHELLE)



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001575-ME
								
									


KOCH CORPORATION VS. GASPARD (LYNWOOD), ET AL.



Date:  September 23, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001937-WC
								
									


KINDRED HEALTHCARE, INC., ET AL. VS. NICHOLS (ADRIANNE), ADMINISTRATRIX OF THE ESTATE OF CHARLIE NICHOLS



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2012-CA-001801-MR
								
									


GGNSC FRANKFORT, LLC, ET AL. VS. RICHARDSON (JAMES), ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-000245-MR
								
									


KINDRED HEALTHCARE, INC., ET AL. VS. HORTON (CYNTHIA), AS EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF JAMES E. RICHARDSON, DECEASED



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001795-MR
								
									


APPLE VALLEY SUBDIVISION PROPERTY OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC., ET AL. VS. OVERLOOK DEVELOPMENT, LLC., ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000480-MR
								
									


GRANT THORNTON, LLP VS. YUNG (WILLIAM J.), ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001957-MR
								
									


BOWEN (JOSHUA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000480-MR
								
									


MULLINS (CHARLES V.), ET AL. VS. CARVER (OFFICER RUSSELL W.), ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000655-MR
								
									


B. (H.) VS. B. (A.), ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000698-ME, 2015-CA-001017-ME, 2015-CA-001018-ME
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. SMITH (JOHN E.), JR.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000920-MR
								
									


JORDAN (JEFFERY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000962-MR
								
									


TRENT (JAMES THOMAS) VS. TRENT (TEENA LEE)



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001160-ME
								
									


MAUPIN (LATASHA) VS. TANKERSLEY (ROLAND)



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001259-MR
								
									


DELANEY (NANCY) VS. CISSELL (JOSEPH ERIC)



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001365-ME
								
									


MCBRIDE (DEVIN) VS. MCBRIDE (AMANDA)



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001420-ME
								
									


B. (A.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001504-ME, 2015-CA-001505-ME, 2015-CA-001506-ME, 2015-CA-001507-ME
								
									


BOSTON (ANNETTE) VS. TRUSTY (DEBRA)



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001811-ME
								
									


MYERS (MARK ANTHONY) VS. COX INTERIOR, INC., ET AL.



Date:  September 16, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000049-WC
								
									


M. J. W., INC. VS. HOLDERFIELD CONSTRUCTION, INC.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001699-MR
								
									


LOOP (DENNIS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000481-MR
								
									


MERRIMAN (ANTHONY MARTINEZ) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001333-MR
								
									


FIELDS (CODY LEE) VS. BOGGS (CAROL LOUISE)



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001379-MR
								
									


HAMBLIN (JAMES D.), ET AL. VS. DAVENPORT (ANDY), ET AL.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001846-MR, 2015-CA-000007-MR
								
									


SCHOENBORN (HELEN MAE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001852-ME
								
									


LANE (JAMES A.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001889-MR
								
									


MOSS (CHARLES) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001941-MR
								
									


CAUDILL (ROBERT SHELBY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-002012-MR, 2014-CA-002013-MR
								
									


HOUCHENS (ANITA), ET AL. VS. GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002017-MR
								
									


G. (R.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000025-ME
								
									


D. (G. A,) VS. R. (M.)



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000249-ME, 2015-CA-000250-ME, 2015-CA-000251-ME, 2015-CA-000252-ME
								
									


DEZARN (ATWOOD) VS. INTERNATIONAL COAL GROUP, ET AL.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000297-WC
								
									


MWENDAPEKE (KIBAMBE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000361-MR
								
									


AZMAT (SAMEENA), ET AL. VS. BAUER (GEORGE W.), III, M.D., ET AL.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000399-MR
								
									


BUCKNER (CLEOPATRA) VS. BRYANT (TERRY L.)



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000462-MR
								
									


BROCK (BUDDY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY EX REL: BRIANNA BROCK



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000624-ME
								
									


HOPE (JAMES M.) VS. SIMS (RAVONNE)



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000689-MR
								
									


COWING (CHARLES) VS. COMMARE (ANDY)



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000769-MR
								
									


B. (B.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001026-ME, 2015-CA-001027-ME, 2015-CA-001028-ME
								
									


WAL-MART STORES EAST. LP, ET AL. VS. DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE, FINANCE & ADMINISTRATION CABINET, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001054-MR
								
									


KENTUCKY FUEL CORPORATION VS. HOWARD (NORMAN), ET AL.



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001130-WC
								
									


EDINGTON (JERRY W.), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 9, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001712-MR
								
									


MEMORIAL SPORTS COMPLEX, LLC VS. MCCORMICK (DARYL), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2013-CA-001788-MR, 2014-CA-000200-MR
								
									


MARTIN (GARY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001851-MR
								
									

SIMMONS (LENORA), ET AL. VS. GEICO INDEMNITY COMPANY (GEICO), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000805-MR
								
									


PRITCHETT (EBONI) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000825-MR
								
									


JONES (CAROLYN) VS. JAYWEERA (DR. NANVAKA), DMD., ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001628-MR
								
									


BOWMAN (MARY M.F.) VS. MEADOWVIEW REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER, LLC, ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001659-MR, 2014-CA-001773-MR
								
									


HOUSTON (CALVIN D.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000103-MR
								
									


MOORE (BOBBY G.), ET AL. VS. CITY OF PADUCAH, KY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000245-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES VS. SEXTON (LETTIE), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000246-MR
								
									


DAPPLE STUD, LLC VS. RAMSEY (KENNETH L.), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000385-MR, 2015-CA-000592-MR
								
									


MCKINZIE (RICHARD VERNON) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000475-MR
								
									


VARGHESE (SABU) VS. VARGHESE (JEANETTE) (NOW AUMON)



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000510-MR, 2015-CA-000517-MR
								
									


MCGUFFIN (JOHN T.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000553-MR
								
									


F. (C. D.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000566-ME, 2015-CA-000567-ME
								
									


KENISON (ROBERT W.) VS. KENISON (FRANCES E.)



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000601-MR
								
									


`AUTO-SELECT, LLC VS. AUTO-OWNERS INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000816-MR
								
									


THOMAS (MICHAEL H.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000925-MR
								
									


AKRIDGE (WILLIAM T.), IV VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001055-MR
								
									


FLANIGAN (DONALD E.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001099-MR
								
									


B. (W. O.) VS. H. (C. M.), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001186-ME
								
									


DOLLAR TREE STORES. INC. VS. DAVIS (PATTI-ANN), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001194-WC
								
									


DAUM (MELISSA) VS. GINTER (BETTY JO)



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001303-MR
								
									


HOFFMAN (GLORIA) (NOW THOMAS) VS. HOFFMAN (EVERETT SCOTT)



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001436-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, TRANSPORATION CABINET VS. WATSON (ROBERT J.), ET AL.



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001610-MR
								
									


RETHERFORD (APRIL) VS. MONDAY (KYLE)



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001803-ME
								
									


SCOTT (GREGORY WALLACE) VS. SCOTT (TARA DOWELL)



Date:  September 2, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000281-ME
								
									


TYNDALL (ROY L.) VS. BANK OF AMERICA, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001262-MR
								
									


KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, A NATIONAL BANK VS. ALLEN (GEORGE R.)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001320-MR
								
									


ADKINS (ROGER) VS. WRIGHTWAY READYMIX, LLC



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001644-MR
								
									


ESTATE OF STUART C. MATHES VS. COSBY (KATHLEEN), ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001776-MR
								
									


SCHWAN'S HOME SERVICE, INC. VS. DAMRON (DAVID), ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000101-WC
								
									


STINNETT (LAWRENCE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000157-MR
								
									

VIOLETT (DONALD RAY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000266-MR
								
									


MCGEORGE (SCOTT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000356-MR
								
									


JONES (VICTOR) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000387-MR, 2015-CA-000468-MR
								
									


JENNINGS (RONALD MATTHEW) VS. DRAYER PHYSICAL THERAPY OF KENTUCKY, PLLC, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000516-MR
								
									


WALLING (THOMAS) VS. SAFECO INSURANCE COMPANY OF ILLINOIS



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000519-MR
								
									


FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE HOLDINGS, INC. VS. MITCHELL (TAMORAH), ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000598-WC, 2015-CA-000599-WC
								
									


RICHARDSON (GREGORY W.) VS. RICHARDSON (SONDRA K.)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000615-ME
								
									


NORTHERN KENTUCKY AREA PLANNING COMMISSION, ET AL. VS. JEFFERIES (CHRIS)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000687-MR
								
									


COWING (CHARLES) VS. COMMARE (ANDY)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000769-MR
								
									


D. (L. J.), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000808-ME, 2015-CA-000809-ME
								
									


M. (T.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000933-ME
								
									


GRAHAM (KEVIN SCOTT) VS. GRAHAM (JONELL TAYLOR) (NOW HOMER)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000973-ME
								
									


ISGRIGG (MICHELLE) VS. ISGRIGG (JAMIE)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001075-MR
								
									


FLAT ROCK FURNITURE VS. NEELEY (STEVEN), ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001255-WC
								
									


MOORE (ABRA) VS. MOORE (DONOVAN)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001373-MR
								
									


BACIOMICULO, LLC VS. NICK BOHANON, LLC, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001654-MR
								
									


CATHERSON (THOMAS) VS. DOLL (JAMIE MATAISZ)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001693-ME
								
									


HOWARD (CHARLES SCOTT) VS. CUMBERLAND RIVER COAL CORPORATION, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001704-WC
								
									


JANSSEN (MELISSA) VS. EDENS (CHARLES)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001789-ME
								
									


H. (R. F.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001813-ME
								
									


T. (W.), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000066-ME
								
									


JACKSON (LINDSAY) VS. VERST (WILLIAM)



Date:  August 26, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000068-ME
								
									


JUDY WELLS REALTOR, INC., ET AL. VS. TAMMY J. STAGGS, LLC



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000139-MR
								
									


MILLER (THOMAS) VS. JEWISH HOSPITAL & ST. MARY'S HEALTHCARE, INC. D/B/A JEWISH HOSPITAL AND KENTUCKY UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE COMMISSION



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000168-MR
								
									


LAWRENCE (MARCUS J.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000315-MR
								
									


BRYANT (JENNIFER A.) VS. STOWERS (BRIAN)



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000817-MR
								
									


MORRIS (KEVIN) VS. MORRIS (ELIZABETH)



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-000857-ME, 2015-CA-000019-ME
								
									


WALKER (MARCIE) VS. BROCK (VALERIE), ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-000868-MR, 2014-CA-000953-MR
								
									


CASTLE (MYRA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000970-MR
								
									


DOYLE-FORTWENGLER (SHANNON) VS. FORTWENGLER (JEFFREY B.)



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001037-MR
								
									


MCWHORTER (CHARLES F.), ET AL. VS. HANDY (THOMAS V.)



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001238-MR
								
									


MERCER (MATT), ET AL. VS. BREWER (PRISCILLA.), ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001748-MR
								
									


GAINES-GENTRY THOROUGHBREDS, LLC VS. CLAY WARD AGENCY, INC.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001750-MR, 2014-CA-001787-MR
								
									


BHANDARU (CHAITANYA) VS. VUKKUM (SUDHAKAR)



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001832-MR, 2014-CA-001875-MR, 2014-CA-001832-MR, 2014-CA-001875-MR
								
									


JOHNSON (HAROLD DEAN), JR., ET AL. VS. SEAGLE PIZZA, INC., ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000085-MR
								
									

BELL (RAY), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000108-MR
								
									


MCCORMICK (TUCKER) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000209-MR
								
									


MEADOR (JOE K.) VS. SARVER (GLIDDIE), ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000417-MR
								
									


TALLEY (WILLIE LOVE) VS. MAC AUTO TEAM, LLC, ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000453-MR
								
									


DURBIN (MICHAEL SCOTT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000646-MR
								
									


WILKINS (DAVID) VS. BROWN (GLENN), ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000760-MR
								
									


HOLLAND (KENNETH) VS. BAUMANN PAPER CO., INC.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000910-MR
								
									


PEYTON (SARA) VS. PAINTER (TAMELA), ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001210-ME
								
									


REVELL (TRACY LYNN) VS. HERNANDEZ (DIEGO)



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001379-MR
								
									


HILL (CORNELIUS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001384-MR
								
									


TUNGETT (RAYMOND) VS. IRVING MATERIALS, INC., ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001478-WC
								
									


F. (A.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001646-ME
								
									


C. (C.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  August 19, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001941-ME
								
									


JEFFERSON (MAURICE R.), II VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000229-MR
								
									

MAUNEY (CAROLYN), ET AL. VS. LOUISVILLE METRO COUNCIL, ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000263-MR
								
									


THOMERSON (JAMES L.), ET AL. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, EX REL., ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001208-MR, 2014-CA-001216-MR
								
									


GERALDS (JANICE) VS. GERALDS (LESLIE ARVIL)



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001313-MR
								
									


LAVIT (THEODORE H.) VS. MATTINGLY (CAROL S.), ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001676-MR
								
									


HAYES (TONYA) VS. GOLDSMITH (GUS), ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001795-MR
								
									


MORRISON (KEVIN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001817-MR
								
									


HAMMER (JAMES) VS. HAMMER (HAZEL)



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000001-MR
								
									


G. (S.) VS. S. (D.), SR., ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000107-ME
								
									


GOODMAN (CARRIE) VS. TROUSDALE (EMILI)



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000127-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL. VS. OWENSBORO MEDICAL HEALTH SYSTEM, INC.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000229-MR
								
									


THE CADLE COMPANY, ET AL. VS. GASBUSTERS PRODUCTION I LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000323-MR
								
									


COLEMAN (MELISSA), ET AL. VS. STATE FARM FIRE AND CASUALTY, ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000350-MR
								
									


SHIRRELL (THOMAS) VS. THE KROGER COMPANY, ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000362-MR
								
									


HANNAH (RANCIE WAYNE) VS. HANNAH (ANGELA REBECCA)



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000381-MR
								
									


KENTUCKY RETIREMENT SYSTEMS, ET AL. VS. PRICE (ELMER AUSTIN) A/K/A AUSTIN PRICE



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000882-MR
								
									


SKAGGS (LARRY DAYTON) VS. SKAGGS (DEBORAH ANN) (NOW COX)



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001045-MR
								
									


PARTIN (SONNY GENE) VS. PARTIN (DEBBIE KAY) (NOW POTTER)



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001256-ME
								
									


HERITAGE HEALTHCARE/MIDDLESBORO NURSING & REHAB VS. DANIELS (MELISSA), ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001354-WC
								
									


READY ELECTRIC VS. SCHARRINGHAUSEN (THOMAS), ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001816-WC
								
									


CITY OF MAYFIELD, KENTUCKY VS. BARRY M. KENNEMORE, ET AL.



Date:  August 12, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000841-MR
								
									


HALL (TONY) VS. HALL (ALICIA)



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001602-ME
								
									


SMITH (FRANK ROBERT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002049-MR
								
									


C. (T. M.) (F/K/A T.M.K) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-002071-ME, 2014-CA-002072-ME, 2014-CA-002073-ME, 2014-CA-002074-ME
								
									


THE HARRISON MEMORIAL HOSPITAL, INC. D/B/A HARRISON MEMORIAL HOSPITAL VS. WELLCARE HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY OF KENTUCKY, INC. D/B/A WELLCARE OF KENTUCKY



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000024-MR
								
									


H. (S. L.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000575-ME, 2015-CA-000576-ME, 2015-CA-000577-ME
								
									


TEMA ISENMANN, INC. VS. MILLER (JEFF), ET AL.



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001544-WC
								
									


W. (D.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001849-ME, 2015-CA-001850-ME
								
									


BOLING (ROGER BRENT) VS. OWENSBORO MUNICIPAL UTILITIES, ET AL.



Date:  August 5, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000086-WC
								
									


tHORSLEY (WILBERT E.) hVS. SMITH (KENNETH R.), M.D., INDIVIDUALLY AND D/B/A KS EYEWORKS



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2011-CA-002202-MR
								
									


PATTON (SAMUEL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001115-MR
								
									


HUFFMAN (WILLIAM P.) VS. BALD EAGLE HOME SALES



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001413-DR
								
									

A. (J.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001962-ME
								
									


DAY (JOHN B.) VS. DAY (CRYSTAL S.)



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-002020-ME, 2014-CA-002050-ME
								
									


COLEMAN (RAPHAEL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000090-MR
								
									


E. (L.) VS. S. (M. K.), ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000315-ME
								
									


MULLINS (JESSE) VS. GRABER (MATTHEW M.), M.D., ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000346-MR
								
									

DIXON (WILLIE) VS. BOTTOM (DON) WARDEN, NORTHPOINT TRAINING CENTER



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000618-MR
								
									


MALONE (DARNELL A.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000644-MR
								
									


MARTIN (LOUIS) VS. STORM (RICHARD)



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000762-MR
								
									


BENTLEY (JONATHAN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000806-MR
								
									


S. (C.), ET AL. VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000871-ME, 2015-CA-000872-ME, 2015-CA-000957-ME
								
									


JEFFERSON (KENNETH D.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000895-MR
								
									


FLETCHER (EARL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000896-MR
								
									


KNOEBEL (WILLIAM G.), ET AL. VS. MCKAY (LEO A.)



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001086-MR, 2015-CA-001087-MR
								
									


M. (L. R.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001190-ME
								
									


M. (C.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001499-ME
								
									

CIRCLE K VS. CARTER (TRAVIS W.), ET AL.



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001527-WC
								
									


FLINT (EDWARD H.) VS. NATIONWIDE INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  July 29, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001699-MR
								
									


TGRIMES (ANTHONY THOMAS) hVS. uCOMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY rOPINION AFFIRMING â€™COMBS (PRESIDING JUDGE) D. LAMBERT (CONCURS) AND VANMETER (CONCURS)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000547-MR
								
									


HITCHCOCK (JOHNNY A.) VS. CSX TRANSPORTATION, INC.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000972-MR
								
									


STOKLEY (JOHN) VS. HANEY (STEVE), WARDEN, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001480-MR
								
									


FRASURE (SHARI) (FORMERLY CRISP) VS. CRISP (TIM F.)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001906-MR
								
									


MCGLONE (GLEN), ET AL. VS. HARDIN (K.C.), JR., ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000082-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. MAUPIN (MICHAEL DONNELL)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000147-MR
								
									


BALL (DUSTIN) VS. MCGOWAN (LUCILLE)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000302-ME
								
									


NELSON COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATION, ET AL. VS. HAUN (CURT D.)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000309-MR
								
									


H. (M.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000426-ME
								
									


PATTERSON (WILLIAM ELLIS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000454-MR
								
									


EQT GATHERING, LLC, ET AL. VS. BIG SANDY COMPANY, LP



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000490-MR
								
									


COSBY (JOHN) VS. SPRINGFIELD (ALICIA)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000544-ME
								
									


JACKSON (ROY EDWARD), III VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000671-MR
								
									

STACY (BRIAN) VS. HANEY (STEVE), WARDEN, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000784-MR
								
									


ADAMS (MARIANITA) VS. BOWKER (GWENDOLYN), ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000824-ME
								
									


ROBY (EVA BETH) VS. TRIM MASTERS. INC., ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000923-WC
								
									


HENDY (CAROLINE L.), DR., ET AL. VS. MARYLAND CASUALTY COMPANY



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001030-MR
								
									


M. (D. R.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001068-ME
								
									

ROBERTS (JEREMY W.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001096-MR
								
									

EDMONDSON (PHILLIP) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001198-MR
								
									


Y (C. V.) VS. M. (M. D.), ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001211-ME
								
									


SALINAS (RUBEN R.) VS. KENTUCKY DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001216-MR
								
									


H. (K. G.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001308-ME
								
									


D. (J. C.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001491-ME
								
									


S. (L.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-001537-ME, 2015-CA-001538-ME, 2015-CA-001539-ME
								
									


RILEY (WILLIAM E.) VS. PLUNKETT (LISA)



Date:  July 22, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001773-ME
								
									


CARLOTTA (MARK G.), ET AL. VS. REED (BARRY G.)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001567-MR
								
									


MANNAHAN (LINDA), ET AL VS. EATON CORPORATION, ET AL.



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-002005-MR
								
									


LEWIS (ALLEN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000117-MR
								
									


WARD EDISONâ€™S PROFESSIONAL CLEANING SERVICES, LLC VS. LIBERTY LANDMARK GROUP, LLC



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000140-MR
								
									


FARMER (JOHN M.), M.D. VS. MILLER (STEPHEN H.)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000330-MR
								
									


LEE (JOHN DAVID), ET AL. VS. LEE (JILL) (NOW STANLEY), ET AL.



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000387-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. PERRY (BOBBY)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001282-MR, 2014-CA-001283-MR
								
									


PATMON (ANN), ET AL. VS. HOBBS (LANIER)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001411-MR
								
									


BAKER (JAMES) VS. TRAVELERS PROPERTY CASUALTY INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001525-MR
								
									


BOYD (LAMAR LEE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001543-MR
								
									


Plaintiff v. Defendant




Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001582-DG
								
									


BURNETT (LARRY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001674-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, PUBLIC PROTECTION CABINET, ET AL. VS. VEITCH (JOHN), ET AL.



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001973-MR, 2015-CA-000008-MR
								
									


MARCUM (BETTY) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000047-MR
								
									


RICHARDSON (DANIEL O.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000203-MR
								
									


WHANN (JESSICA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000255-MR
								
									


MOBERLY (RAKIM LAMON) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000370-MR
								
									


KENTUCKY INDUSTRIAL UTILITY CUSTOMERS, INC. VS. KENTUCKY PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION, ET AL.



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000398-MR
								
									


MARTIN (JESSE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000597-MR
								
									


GONZALES DE ALBA (ALEJANDRO) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000859-MR
								
									


JONES (WILLIAM) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001106-MR
								
									


KOSOBUD (CINTHIA) VS. RHODEN (THERESA)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001649-ME
								
									


BOWE (ALANA) VS. BLEDSOE (BARBARA)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001760-ME
								
									


WILLIAMS (KATHERINE EMILY) VS. WILLIAMS (MICHAEL GENE)



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001805-ME
								
									


AUSTIN POWDER COMPANY VS. STACY (BILLY KEITH), ET AL.



Date:  July 15, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001947-WC
								
									


0MARK BLANKENSHIP AND OTHER INDIVIDUAL APPELLANTS AS DESIGNATED IN THE NOTICE OF APPEAL VS. LEXINGTON-FAYETTE URBAN COUNTY GOVERNMENT



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2008-CA-002044-MR
								
									


JUMP (DEWEY RAY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001882-MR
								
									

HARRISON SILVERGROVE PROPERTY, LLC, ET AL. VS. CAMPBELL COUNTY, ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000619-MR
								
									


HARRIS (JAMES), ET AL. VS. LIBKE (RYAN), ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001029-MR
								
									


MUCHRISON (BRIAN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001375-MR
								
									


MCCALEB (JOSEPH) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001735-MR
								
									


TAMAYO-MORA (JORGE) VS. THOMPSON (LADONNA), COMMISSIONER KENTUCKY DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000022-MR
								
									


STRINKO (KYLE) VS. HANEY (STEVE), WARDEN, ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000196-MR
								
									


NUNN (STEPHEN ROBERTS) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000225-MR
								
									


CLARK (KIMBERLY) VS. FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK OF ELIZABETHTOWN, INC.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000262-MR
								
									


TURNAGE (JOSEPH D.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000393-MR
								
									


TUSSEY (CHARLES RAY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000394-MR
								
									


PRUITT (BRADLEY H.) VS. PRUITT (ELLEN BIELEFELD)



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000587-MR
								
									


WALLS (DAVID G.) VS. THOMPSON (LADONNA), DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000595-MR
								
									


SELECT PORTFOLIO SERVICING, INC. VS. BLEVINS (DONALD W.), FAYETTE COUNTY CLERK



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000807-MR
								
									


CHIN (RAYMOND) VS. CHIN (TERRY), ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000914-MR
								
									


SOMERSET-BURNSIDE GARAGE DOOR AND GLASS CO., INC. VS. COOK (LEE A.), ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001258-WC
								
									


HILL (PEGGY BRYANT) VS. BRYANT (VICKI), ET AL.



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001290-MR
								
									


B. (K.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, A. H., (A CHILD)



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001514-ME
								
									


MADDIN (KARI MICHELLE) VS. CHILDERS (BUDDY ALLEN)



Date:  July 8, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001933-ME
								
									


WALTON (ED) VS. LAWSON (SHERMAN), AS THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ESTATE OF EARL CARTER



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2012-CA-001550-MR
								
									


DALTON (DARIEN J.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001332-MR
								
									


DRACS CONSULTING GROUP, INC. VS. V-SOFT CONSULTING GROUP, INC.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000910-MR
								
									


JACKSON (JOSHUA) VS. STATE FARM FIRE AND CASUALTY COMPANY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001000-MR
								
									


WILSON (NORMAN) VS. KENTUCKY UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE COMMISSION, ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001023-MR
								
									


BECRAFT (HARLAN RANDALL) VS. ELLINGTON (WILLIAM DAVID), ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001214-MR
								
									


SUTTON (TERRY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001529-DG
								
									


PHILLIPS (MADISON I.) VS. TOUCHSTONE PROPERTIES, LLC, ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001851-MR
								
									


REED (DOUGLAS) VS. WEBER (THOMAS)



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002030-MR
								
									


FISHER (EMANUEL) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000033-MR
								
									


ABDULLAH (RAHMAN), ET AL. VS. SEI AARON'S INC., D/B/A AARONâ€™S AND AARONâ€™S, INC.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000063-MR
								
									


ENGLE (DAVID), ET AL. VS. FIELDS (PETE), ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000432-MR
								
									


FARMER (TERRY) VS. KENTUCKY EXECUTIVE BRANCH ETHICS COMMISSION, JOHN STEFFEN, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000541-MR
								
									


HASHEMIAN (FARHAD) VS. LOUISVILLE REGIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY, ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000741-MR
								
									


L. (A. S.), MOTHER VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000750-ME, 2015-CA-000751-ME
								
									


MANER (CAROL LYNN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000779-MR
								
									


CLEMENT (TOMMY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000811-MR
								
									


NICOULIN (KENNETH) VS. NICOULIN (CHRISTIANE) (NOW MORE)



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000834-ME
								
									


SAXTON (ORLANDO JAY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000984-MR
								
									


MCNEILL (HEATHER) VS. MACKEY (BRIAN)



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001157-ME
								
									


JONES (ROBERT) VS. JONES (CONSTANCE)



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001302-ME
								
									


LKLP CAC INC. VS. FLEMING (BRANDON), ET AL.



Date:  July 1, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000163-WC
								
									


THE CITY OF HENDERSON UTILITY COMMISSION VS. DONTA (MICHAEL C.), EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE DEPARTMENT OF WORKPLACE STANDARDS, ET AL.



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001082-MR
								
									


HARLOW (JEFFREY D.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-001940-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. SHARP (KIONTAE)



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001209-MR
								
									


WELLS (RUTH FARMER), ET AL. VS. C.W. HOSKINS HEIRS, ET AL.



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001220-MR, 2014-CA-001511-MR
								
									


COHORN (WENDI), ET AL. VS. CARCAMO (CARLOS), ET AL.



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001934-MR
								
									


ROMERO-PEREZ (BENIGNO) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002006-MR
								
									


SANFORD (DOMINIQUE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000260-MR
								
									


PRATHER (SAMUEL R.), II VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000285-MR
								
									


TAYLOR (QUINCY MARQUISE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000337-MR
								
									


CLAY (ONDRA) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000343-MR
								
									


THE PETITION COMMITTEE, ET AL. VS. BOARD OF EDUCATION OF JOHNSON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, ET AL.



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000449-MR
								
									


S. (M. N.) VS. CABINET FOR HEALTH AND FAMILY SERVICES, ET AL.



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2015-CA-000712-ME, 2015-CA-000713-ME, 2015-CA-000714-ME, 2015-CA-000715-ME
								
									


FORTWENGLER (JEFFREY B.) VS. DOYLE-FORTWENGLER (SHANNON)



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001058-ME
								
									


STANFILL (CHARLES), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 24, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001323-MR
								
									


KINDRED NURSING CENTERS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, ET AL. VS. KLECKNER (BILL LEE), ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2013-CA-002089-MR
								
									


JASPER (CRAIG), D/B/A CREATIVE TOUCH JEWELRY VS. BLAIR (JOYCE)



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000204-MR
								
									


WARD (J. STEVE), F.D./EMB. VS. KENTUCKY BOARD OF EMBALMERS AND FUNERAL DIRECTORS, ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000534-MR
								
									


MITCHELL (CHARLES) VS. BOARD OF EDUCATION OF MENIFEE COUNTY, KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000649-MR
								
									


JESUOROBO (UWA KEN) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000681-MR
								
									


HOWARD (MICHAEL DALE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-000731-MR, 2014-CA-001287-MR
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY VS. FRIED-DEANGELIS (MADELINE E.)



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001605-MR
								
									


SIMMONS (DEONTE LAMONT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001613-MR, 2015-CA-000154-MR
								
									


FEINBERG (DAVID), DR. VS. KEETON (ROBIN)



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001656-MR
								
									


HASTE (WILLIAM MICHAEL), EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF DAVID PECK VS. THE VANGUARD GROUP, INC., ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001992-MR
								
									


BARRISTER CONSTRUCTION CORPORATION VS. ROUCK PLUMBING COMPANY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000204-MR
								
									


KELSO (JANET), ET AL. VS. ALLEN (MONICA HUDSON), ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000224-MR
								
									


GREER (SHARON DALE) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000240-MR
								
									


LEAP (GARY) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000261-MR
								
									


GILLAND (JEFFREY G.), ET AL. VS. DOUGHERTY (PATRICK), ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000286-MR
								
									


BARE (GERALDINE) VS. KENTUCKY RETIRMENT SYSTEMS, ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000409-MR
								
									


CHOATE (JEFF H.), ET AL. VS. BANK OF CADIZ & TRUST CO.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000435-MR
								
									


DAHMS (DAVID L.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000444-MR
								
									


CRAIN (NORMAN TAYLOR), ET AL. VS. HARDIN COUNTY WATER DISTRICT NO. 2, ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000499-MR
								
									


BUCKLER (EARL E.) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000511-MR
								
									


MCCANN (RONDALE LAMONT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000515-MR
								
									


DYER (JONATHAN) VS. HARDIN (DIONNE), ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000534-MR
								
									


BEECHWOOD BOARD OF EDUCATION VS. WINTERSHEIMER (CRAIG), ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000582-MR
								
									


ROGERS (CRAIG) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000626-MR
								
									


MULLINS (MARGIE) VS. LEGGETT & PLATT, ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-000814-WC
								
									


SULLIVAN (WILLIAM S.) VS. SULLIVAN (LEIGH ANN)



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001083-ME
								
									


GRAY (BILL), JR. VS. JAMES RIVER COAL/BEECH FORK MINE, ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001123-WC
								
									


KIDD (LARRY) VS. CROSSROCK DRILLING, LLC, ET AL.



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2015-CA-001239-WC
								
									


COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, ET AL. VS. EUBANKS AND MARSHALL OF LEXINGTON, P.S.C., D/B/A EMW WOMENâ€™S CLINIC



Date:  June 17, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2016-CA-000444-I
								
									


HAWTHORNE (MICHAEL) VS. MAYO (RICHARD), ET AL.



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000491-MR
								
									


CAUDILL (SELENA), ET AL. VS. NEW HAMPSHIRE INSURANCE COMPANY



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000921-MR
								
									


HELM (WILLIAM ROY), JR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-000990-MR
								
									

YORK (TOMMY), SR. VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001027-MR
								
									


INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. VS. PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC.



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Numbers:  
						2014-CA-001189-MR, 2014-CA-001236-MR
								
									

BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF KENTUCKY RETIRMENT SYSTEMS VS. LIZER (JEFFREY L.)



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-001622-MR
								
									


MCCANN (RONDALE LAMONT) VS. COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY



Date:  June 10, 2016
Docket Number:  
						2014-CA-002021-MR
								
									


1
2
Next




		The opinions published on Justia State Caselaw are sourced from individual state court sites.
		These court opinions may not be the official published versions, and you should check your local court rules before citing to them. 
		We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site, 
		or the information linked to on the state site.
	
 








Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions








 



Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank









 















Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.



Moody's Org ID:600050205
Market Segment:Corporates
Industry:MEDIA: CABLE TV & TELEVISION NETWORKS
Peer Group:Media, Broadcast and Advertising Related Industrie
Domicile:UNITED STATES




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Peer Group

















    Issuer Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 2
Of 
        2


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Rating Action


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    24 Oct 2000
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ASSIGNS B1 RATING TO INSIGHT MIDWEST'S PROPOSED $500 MILLION SR NOTES OFFERING; PROPOSED NEW BANK FACILITIES RATED Ba3





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Sep 1999
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ASSIGNS B1 RATING TO INSIGHT MIDWEST'S PROPOSED $200 MILLION SR NOTES OFFERING; SUBSIDIARY BANK DEBT RATED Ba3





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 2
Of 
        2


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay






























































































 SECGems: Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
7













	 
	
	 400 ATLANTIC STREET, 10TH FLOOR
	 
	
	
	   STAMFORD, 
	   CT, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   2039057801    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-07Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001686506
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










All related persons/companies# Filings





 AVALON CABLE LLC


7




 Adcast North Carolina Cable Advertising, LLC (0001686382) 


7




 Alabanza LLC (0001686373) 


7




 America's Job Exchange LLC (0001686350) 


7




 American Cable Entertainment Company, LLC (0001686362) 


7




 Athens Cablevision, LLC (0001686348) 


7




 BHN Home Security Services, LLC (0001686347) 


7




 BHN SPECTRUM INVESTMENTS, LLC (0001451509) 


7




 BRESNAN BROADBAND HOLDINGS LLC (0001177754) 


7




 BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS, LLC (0001451510) 


7




 Bresnan Broadband of Colorado, LLC (0001686595) 


7




 Bresnan Broadband of Montana, LLC (0001686594) 


7




 Bresnan Broadband of Utah, LLC (0001686313) 


7




 Bresnan Broadband of Wyoming, LLC (0001686529) 


7




 Bresnan Communications, LLC (0001686403) 


7




 Bresnan Digital Services, LLC (0001686404) 


7




 Bresnan Microwave of Montana, LLC (0001686405) 


7




 Bright House Networks Information Services (Alabama), LLC (0001686367) 


7




 Bright House Networks Information Services (California), LLC (0001686368) 


7




 Bright House Networks Information Services (Florida), LLC (0001686374) 


7




 Bright House Networks Information Services (Indiana), LLC (0001686375) 


7




 Bright House Networks Information Services (Michigan), LLC (0001686377) 


7




 CC 10, LLC (0001686603) 


7




 CC Fiberlink, LLC (0001686602) 


7




 CC Michigan, LLC (0001686601) 


7




 CC Systems, LLC (0001686599) 


7




 CC V HOLDINGS LLC (0001082692) 


7




 CC VI Fiberlink, LLC (0001686596) 


7




 CC VI Operating Company, LLC (0001686518) 


7




 CC VII Fiberlink, LLC (0001686520) 


7




 CC VIII , LLC (0001686426) 


7




 CC VIII Fiberlink, LLC (0001686525) 


7




 CC VIII Holdings, LLC (0001686692) 


7




 CC VIII Operating, LLC (0001686421) 


7




 CCO Fiberlink, LLC (0001686427) 


7




 CCO HOLDINGS LLC (0001271833) 


7




 CCO LP, LLC (0001686443) 


7




 CCO NR Holdings, LLC (0001686456) 


7




 CCO Purchasing, LLC (0001686457) 


7




 CCO SoCal I, LLC (0001686486) 


7




 Cable Equities Colorado, LLC (0001686407) 


7




 Cable Equities of Colorado Management LLC (0001686527) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (AL), LLC (0001686597) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (CA), LLC (0001686517) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (CO), LLC (0001686519) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (CT), LLC (0001686521) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (GA), LLC (0001686495) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (IL), LLC (0001686497) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (IN), LLC (0001686502) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (KY), LLC (0001686532) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (LA), LLC (0001686535) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MA), LLC (0001686538) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MD), LLC (0001686598) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MI), LLC (0001686600) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MN), LLC (0001686604) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MO), LLC (0001686605) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MS), LLC (0001686606) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (MT), LLC (0001686607) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (NC), LLC (0001686537) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (NE), LLC (0001686541) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (NH), LLC (0001686635) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (NV), LLC (0001686638) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (NY), LLC (0001686639) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (OH), LLC (0001686702) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (OR), LLC (0001686701) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (PA), LLC (0001686700) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (SC), LLC (0001686699) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (TN), LLC (0001686698) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (TX), LLC (0001686697) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (UT), LLC (0001686766) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (VA), LLC (0001686760) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (VT), LLC (0001686757) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (WA), LLC (0001686629) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (WI), LLC (0001686641) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (WV), LLC (0001686703) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services (WY), LLC (0001686708) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services VIII (MI), LLC (0001686712) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services VIII (MN), LLC (0001686726) 


7




 Charter Advanced Services VIII (WI), LLC (0001686728) 


7




 Charter Advertising of Saint Louis, LLC (0001686730) 


7




 Charter Cable Operating Company, LLC (0001686682) 


7




 Charter Cable Partners, LLC (0001686681) 


7




 Charter Communications Entertainment I, LLC (0001686679) 


7




 Charter Communications Entertainment II, LLC (0001686675) 


7




 Charter Communications Entertainment, LLC (0001686677) 


7




 Charter Communications Operating Capital Corp (0001291159) 


7




 Charter Communications Operating LLC (0001291157) 


7




 Charter Communications Properties LLC (0001686822) 


7




 Charter Communications VI, L.L.C. (0001686670) 


7




 Charter Communications VII, LLC (0001686672) 


7




 Charter Communications Ventures, LLC (0001686645) 


7




 Charter Communications of California, LLC (0001686673) 


7




 Charter Communications, LLC (0001686835) 


7




 Charter Distribution, LLC (0001686647) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Alabama, LLC (0001686827) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Georgia, LLC (0001686831) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Illinois, LLC (0001686833) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Maryland II, LLC (0001686674) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Michigan, LLC (0001686824) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Missouri, LLC (0001686723) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Nebraska, LLC (0001686724) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Pennsylvania, LLC (0001686761) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink - Tennessee, LLC (0001686669) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink AR-CCVII, LLC (0001686686) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink CA-CCO, LLC (0001686834) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink CC VIII, LLC (0001686685) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink CCO, LLC (0001686825) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink CT-CCO, LLC (0001686722) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink LA-CCO, LLC (0001686821) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink MA-CCO, LLC (0001686819) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink MS-CCVI, LLC (0001686683) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink NC-CCO, LLC (0001686719) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink NH-CCO, LLC (0001686644) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink NV-CCVII, LLC (0001686720) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink NY-CCO, LLC (0001686830) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink OH-CCO, LLC (0001686828) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink OR-CCVII, LLC (0001686721) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink SC-CCO, LLC (0001686671) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink TX-CCO, LLC (0001686643) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink VA-CCO, LLC (0001686676) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink VT-CCO, LLC (0001686680) 


7




 Charter Fiberlink WA-CCVII, LLC (0001686684) 


7




 Charter Helicon, LLC (0001686832) 


7




 Charter Home Security, LLC (0001686829) 


7




 Charter Leasing Holding Company, LLC (0001686826) 


7




 Charter Leasing of Wisconsin, LLC (0001686823) 


7




 Charter RMG, LLC (0001686820) 


7




 Charter Stores FCN, LLC (0001686714) 


7




 Charter Video Electronics, LLC (0001686715) 


7




 DukeNet Communications Holdings, LLC (0001686693) 


7




 DukeNet Communications, LLC (0001686694) 


7




 FALCON CABLEVISION (0001068723) 


7




 FALCON TELECABLE (0001068722) 


7




 Falcon Cable Communications, LLC (0001686951) 


7




 Falcon Cable Media, a California Limited Partnership (0001686688) 


7




 Falcon Cable Systems Co II, L.P. (0001686687) 


7




 Falcon Community Cable, L.P. (0001686950) 


7




 Falcon Community Ventures I Limited Partnership (0001686689) 


7




 Falcon First Cable of the Southeast, LLC (0001686948) 


7




 Falcon First, LLC (0001686949) 


7




 Falcon Video Communications, L.P. (0001686947) 


7




 HELICON GROUP LP (0000915767) 


7




 HPI Acquisition Co. LLC (0001686449) 


7




 Helicon Partners I, L.P. (0001686416) 


7




 Hometown T.V., LLC (0001686418) 


7




 ICI Holdings, LLC (0001686800) 


7




 INSIGHT COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY L P (0000833611) 


7




 INSIGHT COMMUNICATIONS OF CENTRAL OHIO LLC (0001070242) 


7




 INSIGHT INTERACTIVE


7




 INSIGHT INTERACTIVE, LLC (0001100944) 


7




 INSIGHT MIDWEST LP (0001110458) 


7




 Insight Blocker LLC (0001686450) 


7




 Insight Capital, LLC (0001549207) 


7




 Insight Communications Midwest, LLC (0001686467) 


7




 Insight Communications of Kentucky, L.P. (0001686451) 


7




 Insight Kentucky Capital, LLC (0001686505) 


7




 Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P. (0001686526) 


7




 Insight Midwest Holdings, LLC (0001686559) 


7




 Insight Phone of Indiana, LLC (0001686453) 


7




 Insight Phone of Kentucky, LLC (0001686454) 


7




 Insight Phone of Ohio, LLC (0001686455) 


7




 Interactive Cable Services, LLC (0001686425) 


7




 Interlink Communications Partners, LLC (0001686799) 


7




 Intrepid Acquisition LLC (0001686452) 


7




 Long Beach, LLC (0001686460) 


7




 Marcus Cable Associates, L.L.C. (0001686434) 


7




 Marcus Cable of Alabama, L.L.C. (0001686464) 


7




 Marcus Cable, LLC (0001686797) 


7




 Midwest Cable Communications, LLC (0001686438) 


7




 NAVISITE INC


7




 NAVISITE LLC (0001084750) 


7




 New Wisconsin Procurement LLC (0001686439) 


7




 Oceanic Time Warner Cable LLC (0001686445) 


7




 Parity Assets LLC (0001686462) 


7




 Peachtree Cable TV, L.P. (0001686920) 


7




 Peachtree Cable TV, LLC (0001686463) 


7




 Phone Transfers (AL), LLC (0001686472) 


7




 Phone Transfers (CA), LLC (0001686474) 


7




 Phone Transfers (GA), LLC (0001686479) 


7




 Phone Transfers (NC), LLC (0001686481) 


7




 Phone Transfers (TN), LLC (0001686482) 


7




 Phone Transfers (VA), LLC (0001686483) 


7




 RIFKIN ACQUISITION PARTNERS LLC (0001011695) 


7




 RIFKIN ACQUISITION PARTNERS LLLP


7




 Renaissance Media LLC (0001686555) 


7




 Robin Media Group, LLC (0001686487) 


7




 Scottsboro TV Cable, LLC (0001686488) 


7




 TIME WARNER CABLE ENTERPRISES LLC (0000893657) 


7




 TIME WARNER CABLE LLC (0001450621) 


7




 TIME WARNER ENTERTAINMENT CO L P


7




 TIME WARNER ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L. P.


7




 TWC Administration LLC (0001686562) 


7




 TWC Communications, LLC (0001686573) 


7




 TWC Digital Phone LLC (0001686575) 


7




 TWC Media Blocker LLC (0001686634) 


7




 TWC News & Local Programming Holdco LLC (0001686780) 


7




 TWC News & Local Programming LLC (0001686779) 


7




 TWC Regional Sports Network I LLC (0001686770) 


7




 TWC SEE Holdco LLC (0001686763) 


7




 TWC Security LLC (0001686764) 


7




 TWC Wireless LLC (0001686631) 


7




 TWC/Charter Dallas Cable Advertising, LLC (0001686574) 


7




 TWC/Charter Green Bay Cable Advertising, LLC (0001686577) 


7




 TWC/Charter Los Angeles Cable Advertising, LLC (0001686570) 


7




 TWCIS Holdco LLC (0001686637) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Business LLC (0001686566) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Alabama), LLC (0001686496) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Arizona), LLC (0001686498) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (California), LLC (0001686499) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Colorado), LLC (0001686501) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Hawaii), LLC (0001686524) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Idaho), LLC (0001686522) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Illinois), LLC (0001686325) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Indiana), LLC (0001686411) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Kansas), LLC (0001686480) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Kentucky), LLC (0001686613) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Maine), LLC (0001686540) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Massachusetts), LLC (0001686542) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Michigan), LLC (0001686543) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Missouri), LLC (0001686546) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Nebraska), LLC (0001686549) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (New Hampshire), LLC (0001686749) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (New Jersey), LLC (0001686554) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (New Mexico) LLC (0001686585) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (New York), LLC (0001686582) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (North Carolina), LLC (0001686586) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Ohio), LLC (0001686592) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Pennsylvania), LLC (0001686709) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (South Carolina), LLC (0001686710) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Tennessee), LLC (0001686717) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Texas), LLC (0001686718) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Virginia), LLC (0001686612) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Washington), LLC (0001686620) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (West Virginia), LLC (0001686626) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Information Services (Wisconsin), LLC (0001686627) 


7




 Time Warner Cable International LLC (0001686478) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Internet Holdings III LLC (0001686476) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Internet Holdings LLC (0001686475) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Internet LLC (0001686477) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Media LLC (0001686633) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Midwest LLC (0001686636) 


7




 Time Warner Cable New York City LLC (0001686774) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Northeast LLC (0001686775) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Pacific West LLC (0001686772) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Services LLC (0001686732) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Southeast LLC (0001686735) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Sports LLC (0001686733) 


7




 Time Warner Cable Texas LLC (0001686734) 


7




 VOIP Transfers (AL), LLC (0001686707) 


7




 VOIP Transfers (CA), LLC (0001686713) 


7




 VOIP Transfers (GA), LLC (0001686727) 


7




 VOIP Transfers (NC), LLC (0001686729) 


7




 VOIP Transfers (TN), LLC (0001686731) 


7




 VOIP Transfers (VA), LLC (0001687016) 


7




 Vista Broadband Communications, LLC (0001686642) 


7




 Wisconsin Procurement Holdco LLC (0001686936) 


7




 cco holdco transfers vii, llc (0001686459) 


7




 cco socal II, llc (0001686563) 


7




 cco socal vehicles, llc (0001686571) 


7




 cco transfers, llc (0001686572) 


7







 








db
 
 








































