










 




Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:12 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership owns and operates cable television systems. The company was formerly known as Intermedia Partners Of Kentucky, L.P. Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership is based in Champaign, Kentucky. Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership operates as a subsidiary of Insight Kentucky Partners I, L.P.


2105 West Park CourtChampaign, IL 61821United States



Phone: 217-373-7877

Fax: 217-355-1295








Key Executives for Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership


Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Insight Kentucky Partners II, Limited Partnership, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS | Nos. 2014-CA-001189... | Leagle.com












































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. v. PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC.



					 
				




								INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. v. PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Nos. 2014-CA-001189-MR, 2014-CA-001236-MR.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P., Appellant/Cross-Appellee,
v.
PREFERRED AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES, INC., Appellee/Cross-Appellant.


Court of Appeals of Kentucky.
Rendered: June 10, 2016.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Culver V. Halliday ,  Adam Goebel ,  Barry Lee Dunn , Louisville, Kentucky, Brief for Appellant/Cross-Appellant.
 R. Kenyon Meyer ,  Jeremy Stuart Rogers , Louisville, Kentucky, brief for Appellee/Cross-Appellee.
 Debra Stamper ,  John T. McGarvey ,  M. Thurman Senn , Louisville, Kentucky, Amicus curiae brief for The Kentucky Bankers Association.
BEFORE: DIXON, NICKELL, AND TAYLOR, JUDGES.




OPINION
DIXON, Judge.
Appellant, Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P., appeals from a judgment of the Jefferson Circuit Court following a jury trial finding it liable to Appellee, Preferred Automotive Services, Inc., for aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty by Jerry Key, Preferred's former General Manager. Preferred has filed a cross-appeal challenging the trial court's reduction of the jury's award of punitive damages, as well as the denial of Preferred's motion to amend its complaint to add a trade secrets claim. For the reasons set forth herein, we reverse and remand the matter for a new trial.
Preferred was formed in 2001 to provide vehicle repair and maintenance services. Brothers Brian Payne and Jack Payne together owned eighty percent of Preferred with Key owning the remaining twenty percent. Key was responsible for all of Preferred's daily operations. Preferred's corporate report filed with Kentucky's Secretary of State identified Key as president, vice-president, treasurer and sole director.
Soon after Preferred's formation, Insight began using Preferred for all of its local vehicle fleet maintenance and repair work. Key was the primary contact and managed all of Insight's business with Preferred. During the time period that Preferred provided services to Insight, Bob Mathena and Todd Knight were the Insight employees responsible for the company's vehicle fleet maintenance. It is undisputed that Preferred and Insight never entered into any type of contract.
In June 2007, the Paynes accused Key of embezzling from Preferred. Rather than terminate Key, however, the Paynes chose to take over all financial responsibilities, although Key continued to manage the other daily operations. However, Preferred's annual corporate report filed in July 2007 identified Brian Payne as president, Jack Payne as vice-president, and both Paynes as the only directors of Preferred. Key was listed only as a shareholder. Preferred's 2008 annual report contained the same information, except that Key was no longer identified in any capacity.
On January 13, 2009, the Paynes again accused Key of embezzling money from Preferred. Key contended that he was terminated on that date and never returned to or had any further responsibilities with Preferred. Indeed, the record herein contains Preferred's payroll records reflecting that Key was "TERMINATED 1/13/09" as well as a letter dated February 18, 2009, from Brian Payne to Preferred's vendors stating that "Key is no longer employed by Preferred Automotive as of January 13, 2009." In addition, Payne testified at trial that Key had no authority to do anything on Preferred's behalf after January 13, 2009. Nevertheless, Preferred claimed that Key was not terminated on January 13th, but rather took "time off to think about the situation," and intended to return to work. Preferred contended that despite its records to the contrary, Key, in fact, remained an employee until January 30, 2009, because he had a company cell phone and insurance benefits until that date, as well as remained a corporate director until 2010.1
Sometime between January 13th and January 30th, Key met with Mathena and Knight and discussed the possibility of Insight moving its business if Key obtained employment elsewhere. At the end of January 2009, Key met with Robert Johnson, the owner of Southside Automotive and arranged to rent a building to start a vehicle fleet maintenance business to compete with Preferred. Key hired two of Preferred's longtime mechanics and began operations under the name of Southside Automotive. Around the middle of February 2009, Insight began sending some of its vehicles to Southside. At the same time, Insight also increased its use of other vendors including Nationwide Truck Service for maintenance work, Jim Berry Collision Center for body work, and Mosby Towing for towing services.
In March 2009, a billing dispute arose between Preferred and Insight. Specifically, in a March 11th letter to Bob Mathena, Brian Payne accused Insight of defamation by "passing rumors" that Preferred was double billing and otherwise cheating Insight. As evidenced through a string of internal e-mails, Insight thereafter made the decision to terminate its relationship with Preferred, noting specifically that there was no contract prohibiting it from doing so.
In June 2009, Preferred filed an action against Key asserting breach of fiduciary duty, conversion and fraud. That lawsuit was settled in 2010. Preferred thereafter filed a lawsuit against Southside and Johnson in August 2010, alleging aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty, misappropriation of trade secrets, and tortious interference. That lawsuit similarly settled in November 2011.
In January 2012, Preferred filed the instant action against Insight alleging that Insight (1) tortiously interfered with a noncompete agreement between Key and Preferred, and (2) aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty owed by Key to Preferred. A nine-day jury trial was held beginning January 27, 2014. Preferred sought $4,340,000 in lost profit damages. Despite not having a contract, Preferred based its damages upon the assumption that Insight would have continued to send all of its business to Preferred from the time Preferred lost Insight as a customer in 2009 until 2022. Preferred also sought $22 million in punitive damages.
At the close of Preferred's proof, the trial court granted Insight's motion for a directed verdict on the tortious interference claim. With respect to the aiding and abetting claim, Preferred asserted that Insight knew that Key owed fiduciary obligations to Preferred and it nonetheless helped Key breach that duty by assisting him in establishing a new business to compete with Preferred and by encouraging Key to utilize confidential information he obtained from Preferred for Insight's benefit and to the detriment of Preferred. At the close of evidence, the jury found that Insight aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty owed by Key to Preferred and awarded $2 million in compensatory damages and $2 million in punitive damages. The trial court apportioned the compensatory damages 50% to Key, 35% to Insight, and 15% to Preferred. As a result, the original trial judgment awarded Preferred $2.7 million in damages.
Insight thereafter filed a motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict (JNOV), as well as motions to alter, amend or vacate the judgment and for a new trial. Following an extensive hearing, the trial court denied the JNOV and new trial motions. However, the trial court granted the motion to alter, amend or vacate, in part, by reducing the punitive damages award from $2 million to $1.4 motion on the grounds that the award was the result of "passion, prejudice, and/or bias as to [Insight's] financial status and sympathy for employees of [Preferred], given [Insight's] degree of reprehensibility and the lack of contact between the parties." Insight then appealed to this Court. Preferred has filed a cross-appeal on several issues. Additional facts are set forth as necessary.
Before we turn to the issues herein, we would note that this case involved a nine-day trial and a voluminous record. The hearing on Insight's post-trial motions lasted over two hours and involved a multitude of issues. Yet, the trial court made no rulings from the bench, nor did it include any findings or rationale in its orders denying the motions for JNOV and new trial. In CertainTeed Corporation v. Dexter, 330 S.W.3d 64, 74-75 (Ky. 2010), our Supreme Court in reviewing an appeal from a trial court order granting a new trial, commented,
The reason appellate courts defer to the trial court's decision to grant a new trial is because the decision may depend on factors that do not readily appear in the appellate record, such as witness demeanor and observations of the jury. . . . But that deference does not make such decisions beyond review. Thus, it is crucial that the factors going into the decision appear somewhere in the trial record, or else there may be no record of them at all. Even if the record is complete, the trial judge's evaluation of this evidence, recorded as findings of fact in support of the decision, are just as important, at least from the appellate perspective. Otherwise, an appellate court has to sift through a voluminous record to see what possibly could have been the basis for the ruling, which wastes judicial resources and begs for erroneous reversals.
In this case, for example, the trial court simply found that the jury's verdict in the first trial was "manifestly unsupported by the evidence and manifestly a product of jury passion and prejudice." While these are findings of fact, of a sort, they lack of any discussion of the evidence supporting them, which makes their review difficult. Though CR [Kentucky Rules if Civil Procedure] 59.01 does not currently require them, the better practice is for a trial court to include in its order at least some specific findings regarding the evidence (or lack of evidence) that supports the ultimate decision to grant or deny the motion for a new trial.
Admittedly, our review of this matter has been made more difficult because of the absence of any findings or reasoning supporting the trial court's rulings on the post-trial motions. Given the complexity of this case, the trial court's evaluation of evidence and factors not readily apparent from the record would have greatly benefitted this Court in our review. With that, we now turn to the issues presented.
DIRECTED VERDICT/JNOV
Insight first argues that the trial court's judgment should be vacated because Preferred failed to prove the necessary elements of aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. As such, Insight contends that the trial court erred in failing to grant its motions for a directed verdict and/or JNOV.
The standard of review regarding a motion for a directed verdict or JNOV has been described as a difficult one for an appellant to meet. Peters v. Wooten, 297 S.W.3d 55, 65 (Ky. App. 2009). In Taylor v. Kennedy, 700 S.W.2d 415 (Ky. App. 1985), a panel of this Court described it as follows:
In ruling on either a motion for a directed verdict or a motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict, a trial court is under a duty to consider the evidence in the strongest possible light in favor of the party opposing the motion. Furthermore, it is required to give the opposing party the advantage of every fair and reasonable inference which can be drawn from the evidence. And, it is precluded from entering either a directed verdict or judgment n.o.v. unless there is a complete absence of proof on a material issue in the action, or if no disputed issue of fact exists upon which reasonable men could differ.
Id. at 416 (citation omitted).
In reviewing evidence supporting a judgment entered upon a jury verdict, the role of an appellate court is limited to determining whether the trial court erred in failing to grant the motion for a directed verdict or JNOV. See Bierman v. Klapheke, 967 S.W.2d 16 (Ky. 1998); NCAA v. Hornung, 754 S.W.2d 855 (Ky. 1988). All evidence which favors the prevailing party must be taken as true and the reviewing court is not at liberty to determine credibility or the weight which should be given to the evidence, these being functions reserved to the trier of fact. We may not disturb the trial court's ruling unless the decision is clearly erroneous. Peters v. Wooten, 297 S.W.3d 55, 65 (Ky. App. 2009) (citing Bierman, 967 S.W.2d at 18). As such, a denial of a directed verdict or JNOV "should only be reversed on appeal when it is shown that the verdict was palpably or flagrantly against the evidence such that it indicates the jury reached the verdict as a result of passion or prejudice." Id. (citation omitted).
Kentucky follows the Restatement (Second) of Torts, § 876 in defining the elements of aiding and abetting. To prevail on a claim of aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty, a plaintiff must prove the following elements: (1) the existence and breach of a fiduciary relationship; (2) the defendant gave the breaching party "substantial assistance or encouragement" in effectuating the breach; and (3) the defendant knew that the party's conduct breached that fiduciary duty. Miles Farm Supply, LLC v. Helena Chem. Co., 595 F.3d 663, 666 (6th Cir. 2010) (citations omitted) (applying Kentucky law). Insight claims, as it did in the trial court, that Preferred failed to prove any of the above elements.
Preferred had to first prove that Key breached a fiduciary duty. A claim for breach of fiduciary duty requires that a plaintiff allege that "(1) the defendant owes a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff; (2) the defendant breached that duty; and (3) the plaintiff suffered damages as a result of the breach." Fastenal Co. v. Crawford, 609 F.Supp.2d 650, 665 (E. D. Ky. 2009). "The scope of the fiduciary duty has been variously defined as one requiring utter good faith or honesty, loyalty or obedience, as well as candor, due care, and fair dealing." Lach v. Man O'War, LLC, 256 S.W.3d 563, 569 (Ky. 2008) (quoting Anthony v. Padmar, Inc., 465 S.E.2d 745, 752 (S.C. Ct. App. 1995)). Preferred alleged that while Key was still a fiduciary he (1) formed Southside to compete with Preferred; (2) misappropriated Preferred's confidential information about Insight's vehicle fleet; and (3) hired Preferred's "key" employees. Preferred also argued that Key breached his fiduciary duties throughout the tenure of his employment by diverting resources to Insight in the form of free service perks to Insight employees and gift cards to Mathena and Knight.
Insight contends that the evidence at trial affirmatively established that Key was not a fiduciary after January 13, 2009, when he was terminated from Preferred. Insight relies upon the decision in Aero Drapery of Kentucky, Inc. v. Engdahl, 507 S.W.2d 166, 170 (Ky. 1974), wherein the Court held that the end of a fiduciary relationship coincides with the "termination of actual responsibilities." Insight points out that even if Preferred's position that Key was not terminated until January 30, 2009, is taken as true, Preferred nonetheless conceded that he had no responsibilities or authority to act on behalf of Preferred after January 13, 2009.
Consequently, Insight argues that Key did not breach any fiduciary duty to Preferred. As Insight notes, "[s]ettled law permits an employee to prepare to compete with his employer before leaving the company, provided the employee does not act unfairly or otherwise injure his principal before the departure." Miles Farm Supply, LLC, 595 F.3d at 667. Further, a fiduciary may compete after the fiduciary relationship has ended, see Aero Drapery, 507 S.W.2d at 169-70, and even has the right to solicit a former employee's customers. Venture Express, Inc. v. Zilly, 973 S.W.2d 602, 604 (Tenn. App. 1998). As such, Insight contends that Key did not breach any fiduciary duty because Southside did not begin operations until after he was terminated from Preferred.
Similarly, Insight argues that Key did not misappropriate any confidential information, but rather utilized his own knowledge and skills that he acquired while employed by Preferred. The business information that Preferred contends was confidential included (1) the repair history of Insight's vehicles; (2) information regarding the parts used on the vehicles; (3) warranty information on those parts; (4) pricing of the repair work done on Insight's vehicles; and (5) the inventory necessary to maintain Insight's fleet. Insight points out, however, that much of that information was included on the service invoices provided to Insight. The record indicates that the invoices typically contained the year, make and model of the repaired vehicle; the repaired vehicle's license number, Insight's unit number and VIN number; the repaired vehicle's mileage; the parts installed on the vehicle, including the part name, number and price; the hours spent on labor; and the amount charged for labor. Moreover, Insight argues that it was certainly entitled to the maintenance and repair information on its own fleet, and would certainly have had the right to provide that information to another vendor to whom it used for maintenance. Insight posits that after termination of the fiduciary relationship, Key was permitted to "carry with him his personal experience, enterprise, and knowledge" to compete with Preferred. Stewart v. Kentucky Paving Company, Inc., 557 S.W.2d 435, 439 (Ky. App. 1977) (quoting Aero Drapery, 507 S.W.2d 166).
Finally, Insight argues that Preferred's claim that Key breached his fiduciary duty by hiring Preferred's employees is without merit because the evidence was undisputed that Key hired mechanics Tyler Boone and Quentin Stevens after they were terminated by Preferred. Furthermore, Insight claims that any hiring prohibition applies only to "key" employees, and Preferred's own expert essentially testified that it is common for auto mechanics to frequently change jobs.
To establish aiding and abetting, Preferred had to next prove that Insight provided Key substantial assistance or encouragement in the alleged breach of fiduciary duty. Preferred alleged that Insight helped Key by (1) telling Key it would continue to do business with him and (2) verifying that Southside met Insight's insurance requirements and could handle its fleet maintenance.
Restatement (Second) of Torts § 876 provides that "substantial assistance" means that a defendant's conduct was a substantial factor in causing the tort. Aetna Casualty & Surety Co. v. Leahey Const. Co., 219 F.3d 519, 537 (6th Cir. 2000). The comments to § 876 list factors to consider when determining whether substantial assistance has been provided: "the nature of the act encouraged, the amount of assistance given by the defendant, his presence or absence at the time of the tort, his relation to the other and his state of mind." Id. (citation omitted). Further, "substantial assistance means something more than merely providing routine professional services that aid the tortfeasor in remaining in business, but do not proximately cause the plaintiffs' harm." El Camino Resources, LTD. v. Huntington National Bank, 722 F.Supp.2d 875, 911 (W.D. Mich. 2010).
Insight argues that its decision to send its vehicles to Southside cannot be substantial assistance or encouragement because it was under no contractual obligation to do business with Preferred. In other words, because Insight had no contract with Preferred, its decision to direct business to Southside cannot result in liability for loss of that business. Furthermore, Insight argues that Mathena and Knight's conversations with Key about starting a new business can likewise not be considered substantial assistance because Key had no fiduciary duties after January 13th. Finally, Insight points out that verifying that Southside met its insurance requirement was done in the routine course of business and cannot support aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. Banco Industrial de Venezuela, C.A. v. CDW Direct, LLC, 888 F.Supp.2d 508, 516 (S.D.N.Y. 2012).
Insight finally claims that there was no evidence presented that it had knowledge that Key was a fiduciary or that his conduct may be a breach of his fiduciary duty. Insight argues that constructive knowledge does not suffice and that Preferred had to show that Insight actually knew not just that Key's conduct breached a fiduciary duty but also that he did not have consent from Preferred to seek out other opportunities. Miles Farm Supply, LLC, 595 F.3d at 666. Insight points out that Brian Payne, in meeting with Insight employees on several occasions, never informed them that Key remained a fiduciary and, in fact, specifically stated that Key had been terminated as of January 13th.
Therefore, Insight contends that Preferred failed to present any evidence that Insight had actual knowledge that (1) Key remained a fiduciary after being terminated, (2) Key's competition at Southside breached a fiduciary duty, (3) Key's use of nonconfidential information about Insight's own vehicles breach a fiduciary duty, or (4) Key's hiring of former Preferred employees breached a fiduciary duty. Thus, Insight maintains that Preferred failed to prove the necessary elements of aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty and that the trial court erred by not granting its motions for a directed verdict or JNOV.
Admittedly, this is a very close case. Initially, we harbor doubts as to whether Key was a fiduciary at the time he allegedly met with Mathena and Key or when he started Southside Automotive. Insight claims that Key was terminated on January 13th while Preferred maintains that he only took time off with the intention of returning to work after that date. Undoubtedly, Preferred's claim that Key remained a director until 2010 is disingenuous at best. The record clearly indicates that he had not been listed in any capacity on Preferred's corporate reports since 2007, and it was only after litigation commenced that he reappeared as a director. Nonetheless, because there is some question as to whether Key remained employed until January 30th, we cannot conclude that there is a "complete absence of proof" that Key was a fiduciary at the time of the alleged tortious conduct. Further, if Key's employment did not end until January 30th and if Preferred is given every fair and reasonable inference from the evidence, it is not beyond reason that a jury could have found he breached his fiduciary duties to Preferred.
With respect to Insight's participation in Key's alleged breach, Preferred introduced some evidence that Mathena and Knight were aware that Key continued to have fiduciary "obligations" to Preferred at the time they discussed moving Insight's business to Key/Southside. Preferred alleged at trial that Insight managers received kickbacks from Key and that is why they "colluded' with him to compete against Preferred. Again, while the evidence of record that Insight aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty is certainly weak, we simply cannot find that there was a complete absence of proof on the issue.
The trial court, in ruling on Insight's motions for a directed verdict and JNOV was required to give Preferred the advantage of every fair and reasonable inference which could be drawn from the evidence. Furthermore, it is not this Court's function to determine the credibility or the weight afforded to the evidence. Although we do not know the basis for the trial court denying the motions, we are compelled to find that there did exist sufficient disputed issues of fact upon which a reasonable jury could have differed so as to preclude a directed verdict or JNOV. Therefore, the trial court did not err in denying Insight's motions.
JURY INSTRUCTIONS
Insight next argues that it is entitled to a new trial because the trial court erroneously instructed the jury on breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty, the proper measure of damages, and apportionment of fault.
It is well-settled that Kentucky follows the bare bones approach to jury instructions in all civil cases. Olfice, Inc. v. Wilkey, 173 S.W.3d 226, 229 (Ky. 2005). See also Meyers v. Chapman Printing Co., 840 S.W.2d 814, 824 (Ky. 1992). However, fundamental to that approach is that all of the bones must be presented to the jury. Correct instructions are absolutely essential to an accurate jury verdict. The function of instructions is to tell the jury what it must believe from the evidence in order to resolve each dispositive factual issue in favor of the party who has the burden of proof on that issue. See Webster v. Commonwealth, 508 S.W.2d 33 (Ky. 1974), cert. denied, 419 U.S. 1070 (1974). In light of the importance of correct jury instructions, erroneous instructions are presumed prejudicial. McKinney v. Heisel, 947 S.W.3d 32, 35 (Ky. 1997). If it cannot be affirmatively shown that no prejudice resulted from the erroneous instruction, reversal is required. Id.
Insight first challenges the instruction given on the law of fiduciary duty. Instruction No. 2 provided:
A fiduciary relationship is founded on the trust and confidence that one person or entity places in another. The person in whom trust or confidence is placed is said to have a "fiduciary duty." This duty includes that he act primarily for the benefit of the other party in matters within the scope of their relationship.
It was the duty of Key to exercise the utmost good faith toward Preferred Auto while he was an officer, director, employee and/or general manager of Preferred Auto, by acting in Preferred Auto's best interests, by disclosing any conflict between his private interests and corporate interests, and by not competing with Preferred Auto or profiting at its expense.
After termination of Key's fiduciary relationship, Key could not use his prior fiducial information contrary to Preferred Auto's interests, nor take with him key personnel to operate a competing enterprise.
Insight contends that the instruction should have stated that Key could not use prior "fiducial confidences" to the detriment of Preferred. Instead, the trial court used the term "fiducial information," which Insight maintains is meaningless and could have included any information, confidential or otherwise, Key learned while he was a fiduciary. We agree.
A fiduciary is prohibited from using only confidential information that belongs to a former employer. Aero Drapery, 507 S.W.2d at 170. "After the termination of his fiduciary relationship . . . he may carry with him his personal experience, enterprise, and knowledge, but he may not use prior fiducial confidences." Id. at 170-71. (Emphasis added). See also Baptist Physicians Lexington, Inc. v. New Lexington Clinic, P.S.C., 436 S.W.3d 189 (Ky. 2013); Davis v. Davis, 343 S.W.3d 610 (Ky. App. 2011); Stewart v. Kentucky Paving Co., 557 S.W.2d 435 (Ky. App. 1977). Contrary to Preferred's position, we do not believe that a jury would necessarily interpret "fiducial information" and "fiducial confidences" as being one in the same. The term "fiducial," in and of itself, is vague, and when coupled with "information" becomes far too broad and meaningless. See DSG Corp. v. Anderson, 754 F.2d 678, 682 (6th Cir. 1985) (holding that the district court should have provided the jury with any guidance concerning what the term "fiducial confidence" means.). We are of the opinion that the instruction did not properly inform the jury that Key was only prohibited from using confidential information that belonged to Preferred.
We also agree with Insight that Instruction No. 2 erroneously instructed the jury that after the termination of Key's fiduciary relationship with Preferred, he could not hire key personnel employed by Preferred. In fact, the law is that "he cannot, while still a corporate fiduciary, set up a competitive enterprise or resign and take with him the key personnel of the corporation for the purpose of operating his own competitive enterprise." Aero Drapery, at 169 (emphasis added) (citations omitted). See also Baptist Physicians Lexington, Inc., 436 S.W.3d at 200. ("While Kentucky law is not extensive, it is nonetheless instructive regarding the duties of a corporate director who plans to compete. The conduct alleged by NLC, misuse of corporate information and recruiting of NLC personnel prior to resignation, if proven, would support a claim for breach of the Physicians' common law fiduciary duties.") (Emphasis added).
The wording of the instruction herein essentially stated that Key could never hire key personnel of Preferred, even after his fiduciary duties ceased. Even accepting as true Preferred's dubious argument that its mechanics were "key personnel," once Key was no longer a fiduciary of Preferred, he was not prohibited from recruiting any of Preferred's employees. See B & L Corp. v. Thomas and Thorngren, Inc., 162 S.W.3d 189, 208 (Tenn. Ct. App. 2004) ("We therefore find that the trial court properly premised its finding that defendants breached their duties of loyalty to B & L upon defendants' wrongful solicitation of employees Benson and Donnelly prior to their termination or resignation from B & L."). Accordingly, we conclude that Instruction No. 2 erroneously misstated the law regarding breach of a fiduciary duty.
Insight next argues that the trial court's instruction on aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty was erroneous. Instruction No. 3 provided as follows:
INSTRUCTION NO. 3
If you answered "YES" to Interrogatory No. 1, you will now consider whether Insight Communications is liable for aiding and abetting Jerry Key's breach of fiduciary duty. To find that Insight Communications aided and abetted Jerry Key in breaching a fiduciary duty to Preferred Auto, you must determine that:
(a) Insight knowingly joined with, encouraged, aided or gave substantial assistance in the actions constituting the breach of fiduciary duty; and
(b)Preferred Auto suffered damages.
Indeed, the above-instruction differs significantly from the language of Restatement (Second) of Torts § 876(b) which states:
For harm resulting to a third person from the tortious conduct of another, one is subject to liability if he . . . (b) knows that the other's conduct constitutes a breach of duty and give substantial assistance or encouragement to the other so to conduct himself.
The Restatement standard clearly requires both (1) knowledge of the breach of fiduciary duty and (2) substantial assistance or encouragement to the fiduciary to breach such duty. See Miles Farm Supply, LLC, 595 F.3d at 666. The trial court's instruction, however, combined the requirements and allowed the jury to find for Preferred upon a finding that Insight knowingly joined, assisted or encouraged Key. Contrary to the Restatement, the jury was not required to specifically find that Insight had actual knowledge of Key's alleged breach. The wording is made all the more erroneous because it only required the jury to find that Insight knowingly joined with, encouraged or aided Key, which unquestionably departs from the substantial assistance requirement contained in § 876. Clearly, the law requires that the encouragement, aid or assistance be substantial. Id. However, the instruction herein failed to provide the "substantial" qualifier to the relevant actions, and essentially authorized the jury to find that any encouragement, aid, or assistance on Insight's part constituted aiding and abetting. Consequently, we must agree with Insight that Instruction No. 3 erroneously misstated the law on aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty.
Insight also argues that the trial court failed to instruct the jury on the measure of damages. Specifically, Instruction No. 4 provided:
If you have found for Preferred Auto and answered "Yes" to Interrogatories No. 1 and 2, then you may award Preferred Auto such damages as will reasonably compensate it for the losses it has suffered. In awarding damages, you will exclude from the amount of the award so much of Preferred Auto damages as you are satisfied from the evidence could have been avoided through the exercise of ordinary care in attempting to continue its business by seeking new customers.
From the evidence, please set forth the amount of money that will compensate Preferred Auto for Insight's aiding and abetted [sic] the breach of fiduciary duty of Key.
Insight contends that the trial court was required to instruct the jury that it could only award damages that Preferred suffered as a direct result of Insight's aiding and abetting Key's breach.
In the Baptist Physicians of Lexington, Inc. decision, our Supreme Court stated:
[I]f NLC establishes a breach of fiduciary duty by any of the Physicians (or aiding and abetting by Baptist) the recoverable damages are those caused by the actual breach of those duties, not some portion of the revenue stream generated by the Physicians through their medical practices after their departure. . . .
. . . .
While quantifying the damages that a corporation incurs when a director improperly uses confidential information or hires corporate employees for a competing venture is not an easy task, courts in other jurisdictions have tackled the task. See, e.g., B & L Corporation v. Thomas and Thorngren, Inc., 162 S.W.3d 189 (Tenn. App. 2004); Monotronics Corp. v. Baylor, 107 Ill.App.3d 14, 62 Ill.Dec. 760, 436 N.E.2d 1062 (1982). When fiduciary duty breaches are proven, Kentucky trial courts and juries are equally capable of making damage causation determinations on a case-by-case basis.
436 S.W.3d at 201. As Preferred points out, the final sentence of the instruction did instruct the jury to award an amount of money that would compensate Preferred for Insight's tortious conduct. Nonetheless, the prior language in the instruction can also be interpreted as allowing the jury to award such damages as would reasonably compensate Preferred for its losses in general, including those unrelated to Insight's alleged tortious conduct. That language, when coupled by improper expert testimony regarding Preferred's lost profits, also discussed in this opinion, certainly could have resulted in the jury awarding Preferred damages for losses that it may have sustained as a result of losing Insight's business but that were not directly attributable to any tortious conduct.
Insight next argues that Instruction No. 5 pertaining to apportionment of fault erroneously omitted Southside and Johnson. Insight contends that it introduced sufficient evidence, including Preferred's complaint against Southside and Johnson claiming that Key misappropriated information belonging to Preferred for Southside's benefit and Preferred's demand letter claiming that Key left Preferred to work for Southside, to warrant including Southside and Johnson in an apportionment instruction pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes (KRS) 411.182.
"If there is an active assertion of a claim against joint tortfeasors, and the evidence is sufficient to submit the issue of liability to each, an apportionment instruction is required whether or not each of the tortfeasors is a party-defendant at the time of trial." Floyd v. Carlisle Construction. Co., Inc., 758 S.W.2d 430, 432 (Ky. 1988) (Emphasis added). See also Savage v. Three Rivers Medical Center, 390 S.W.3d 104, 118 (Ky. 2012). Insight suggests that the decision in CertainTeed Corp. v. Dexter, 330 S.W.3d 64 (Ky. 2010), stands for the proposition that a complaint filed against a non-party is sufficient to submit an apportionment instruction that includes that non-party party. In fact, however, our Supreme Court in CertainTeed held that
[e]mpty-chair defendants who have settled are to be treated no differently than participating defendants in regard to what must be proved to apportion fault against them. Though the empty-chair defendant will not actually be held liable in the trial, since it is literally not on trial, a participating defendant must still prove liability on the part of the tortfeasor onto whom it seeks to shift some of the blame.
Id. at 74. As stated more explicitly in a case in which the instructions improperly allowed the jury to apportion damages to parties without finding them at fault:
Fault may not be properly allocated to a party, a dismissed party or settling nonparty unless the court or the jury first finds that the party was at fault; otherwise, the party has no fault to allocate . . . The mere fact that a party has been sued or has settled does not permit the factfinder to allocate part of the total fault to that party.
Owens Corning Fiberglas Corp. v. Parrish, 58 S.W.3d 467, 471 n. 4, 5 (Ky. 2001) (citation omitted); see also Morgan v. Scott, 291 S.W.3d 622, 634 (Ky. 2009) ("[F]ault may be apportioned only among those against whom the evidence of liability was sufficient to allow submission of the issue of fault to the jury.").
We are of the opinion that Insight failed to meet its burden of proving that Southside and Johnson knew Key owed a fiduciary duty to Preferred or that they provided substantial assistance to Key in breaching that duty. That Preferred stated claims against both does not satisfy Insight's burden of proving their liability so as to shift the blame accordingly.
The trial court has the authority to deny requested instructions, and if there is doubt that the evidence supports the giving of an instruction, their decision to do so will only be reversed for an abuse of discretion. See Olfice Inc., 173 S.W.3d at 229; Nazar v. Branham, 291 S.W.3d 599 (Ky. 2009). Based on the record before us, we cannot conclude that the trial court abused its discretion by excluding Southside and Johnson from the apportionment instruction.
ERRONOUS EVIDENTIARY RULINGS
Insight first argues that testimony from Preferred's damage expert, James Gravitt, should have been excluded under Kentucky Rules of Evidence (KRE) 702 as it was unreliable and based on assumptions. We agree.
At trial, Gravitt testified that he was bound by the professional standards of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("AICPA"). Gravitt explained that the AICPA Practice Aid on Calculating Lost Profits requires a link between the wrongful act and the resulting damages. Gravitt stated that he calculated Preferred's damages as being $4,340,000, which represented its lost profits from the time Insight ceased doing business with Preferred until Brian Payne's forecasted retirement date in 2022. However, during his testimony, Gravitt acknowledged that he included in his calculations any monies that Insight spent at vendors other than Preferred and Southside, including completely unrelated body, tire and towing work that Preferred had not previously performed for Insight. When questioned, Gravitt was unable to identify a causal link between that other work and Preferred's damages. In fact, Gravitt conceded that his damages estimate would be greatly reduced if monies representing Insight's lawful conduct unrelated to the alleged tortious conduct were excluded. We must agree with Insight that the damage model presented to the jury sought to hold Insight liable for damages that had no relationship to the claims asserted by Preferred.
Further troubling is the fact that Gravitt specifically acknowledged that Insight did not have a contract with Preferred and was free to move its business to another vendor at any time, yet calculated his damages using Payne's proposed retirement date of 2022 because "it seemed to be a reasonable time period." Loss of anticipated profits is a recognized form of damages in Kentucky if proven with a reasonable certainty. Pauline's Chicken Villa, Inc. v. KFC Corp., 701 S.W.2d 399, 401 (Ky. 1985). Kentucky Utilities Co. v. Warren Ellison Café, 231 Ky. 558, 563, 21 S.W.2d 976, 978 (Ky. 1929). Although the "[m]ere uncertainty as to the amount will not preclude recovery[,]" Illinois Valley Asphalt, Inc. v. Harry Berry, Inc., 578 S.W.2d 244, 245 (Ky. 1979), more than a mere estimate is required. Further, there must be "no lack of certainty on account of being too remote, conjectural, and speculative." Kentucky Utilities Co., 21 S.W.2d at 978.
Preferred has produced no evidence, and we find none in the record, to indicate that Insight would have stayed with Preferred after Key's departure. Significantly, the parties did not have a contract. Further, there seems to be no dispute that Insight and Preferred's business was premised upon Key's relationship with Insight employees. Thus, there is a distinct possibility, if not probability, that Insight would have chosen to maintain its relationship with Key and forsaken its business with Preferred even absent any alleged wrongful conduct. See B & L Corp., 162 S.W.3d at 220; Baptist Physicians Lexington, Inc., 436 S.W.3d at 201. ("Patients . . . can and do choose from whom they will receive their medical care. The patients that have been the subject of much dispute in this case did not belong to NLC and they do not belong to the Physicians and Baptist, a fact that should not be lost on any of the parties on remand.").
Gravitt's expert testimony that he believed Insight would continue to do business with Preferred until 2022 was based on nothing more than pure speculation and conjecture. Consequently, his calculation of lost profit damages was unreliable and should have been excluded.
Next, Insight argues that the trial court erred in allowing a Preferred employee, Barbara Hargrove, to testify that, while he was still employed with Preferred, Key gave her $10,000 to obtain two $5,000 gift cards from L&N Credit Union so that he could give one of them to "Bob." Hargrove stated that she assumed Bob was Bob Mathena of Insight. Insight contends that Hargrove's testimony was hearsay, irrelevant and prejudicial.
We agree with Insight that, contrary to Preferred's argument, the hearsay exception contained in KRE 803(3) for a declarant's state of mind is inapplicable. Key's state of mind concerning his alleged intent to give Mathena a gift card at a point in time well before he was terminated was simply not an issue in the case. However, we are more troubled by the fact that Insight was prohibited from calling an L&N representative or introducing a certified business record to establish that the bank had a maximum limit on gift cards of $1,000. Hargrove's testimony was demonstrably false and the trial court's prohibition of any rebuttal evidence proving such was clearly erroneous.
CROSS-APPEAL
In its cross-appeal, Preferred first argues that the trial court erred in denying its motion to amend its complaint to add claim for a violation of the Kentucky Uniform Trade Secrets Act ("KUTSA"), KRS 365.880 et seq. Preferred contends that in denying the motion, the trial court engaged in an improper and incorrect analysis of the merits of the claim when it ruled that "no information identified by [Preferred] constitute[ed] a trade secret as defined by KRS 365.880(4)." We disagree.
CR 15.01 provides that, with exceptions not applicable here, "a party may amend his pleading only by leave of court or by written consent of the adverse party; and leave shall be freely given when justice so requires." See also Nichols v. Zurich American Ins. Co., 423 S.W.3d 698 (Ky. 2014). In Kenney v. Hanger Prosthetics & Orthotics, Inc., 269 S.W.3d 866, 869-70 (Ky. App. 2007), a panel of this Court explained:
In determining whether to grant a motion to amend a party's complaint, a circuit court "may consider such factors as the failure to cure deficiencies by amendment or the futility of the amendment itself." First National Bank of Cincinnati v. Hartman, 747 S.W.2d 614, 616 (Ky.App. 1988). Other factors include whether amendment would prejudice the opposing party or would work an injustice. See Shah v. American Synthetic Rubber Corp., 655 S.W.2d 489, 493 (Ky. 1983).
A trial court may deny the right to amend a pleading on the basis of "the futility of the amendment itself," which essentially equates to a failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted. Bank One, Kentucky, N.A. v. Murphy, 52 S.W.3d 540 (Ky. 2001). Ultimately, a trial court is vested with the discretion to determine whether to allow an amended pleading, and its decision will not be disturbed absent an abuse of that discretion. Lambert v. Franklin Real Estate Co., 37 S.W.3d 770, 779 (Ky. App. 2000).
KRS 365.880, the statute wherein Kentucky codified the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, provides in relevant part:
(4) "Trade secret" means information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program, data, device, method, technique, or process, that:
(a) Derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and
(b) Is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.
Information cannot constitute a trade secret and, thus, is not confidential if the subject matter is "of public knowledge or general knowledge in the industry" or if the matter consists of "ideas which are well known or easily ascertainable." Heyer-Jordan & Associates, Inc. v. Jordan, 801 S.W.2d 814, 821 (Tenn. App. 1990) (quoting Hickory Specialties v. B & L Labs., Inc., 592 S.W.2d 583, 586-87 (Tenn. App. 1979)).
We agree with the trial court that there is simply nothing in the record to satisfy the statutory definition of a trade secret. In its tendered amended complaint, Preferred alleged that Key acquired and misappropriated "certain proprietary and confidential trade secret information belonging to Preferred Automotive relating to its operations, pricing, business arrangements, suppliers, customers, parts warranties and vehicle repair histories." As we previously concluded, however, it is questionable whether the information at issue is even confidential much less trade secrets. Preferred did not derive any "independent economic value" from its knowledge of Insight's vehicles. Preferred profited simply because Insight chose to have its fleet maintained by Preferred. Furthermore, Insight certainly had the right to share with any other vendor it chose for service the repair and maintenance histories, as well as the parts and price charged for them.
In Venture Express, Inc. v. Zilly, 973 S.W.2d at 606, the Court stated that
[i]n the absence of evidence to the contrary, this court has held that the following types of information are not confidential:
(1) Remembered information as to a business's prices;
(2) The specific needs and business habits of certain customers; and
(3) An employee's personality and the relationships which he has established with certain customers.
See also B & L Corp., 162 S.W.3d at 213 (names of customers, the prices charged for services rendered, the renewal dates for customer contracts, and the name of the customer contact person authorized to enter into binding contracts is not confidential simply "because it can be difficult to obtain."). Finally, as the Pennsylvania Supreme Court recognized in Van Products Co. v. General Welding & Fabricating Co., 213 A.2d 769, 776 (Pa. 1965) "material sources and costs" are "something that would be learned in any productive industry, . . . ." See also SI Handling Systems, Inc. v. Heisley, 753 F.2d 1244 (3rd Cir. 1985).
We are of the opinion that even if the factual allegations of the amended claim were taken as true, Preferred would not have been entitled to any relief for a violation of the KUTSA because the information it alleges Key to have acquired and misappropriated does not satisfy the definition of a trade secret under KRS 365.880(4). We conclude that the trial court properly found that it would have been futile for Preferred to amend its complaint and, as such, denied the motion accordingly.
Preferred next argues that the trial court erred by including itself and Key in the apportionment instruction. Specifically, Preferred contends that apportionment of fault is only permitted among parties in pari delicto, and that it cannot share fault in the breach of fiduciary duty since the beneficiary of a fiduciary duty cannot be in pari delicto with the fiduciary who breaches the duty. Further, Preferred argues that apportionment to Key was improper because Insight and Key were joint and severally liable pursuant to Steelvest, Inc. v. Scansteel Service Center, 807 S.W.2d 476, 485 (Ky. 1991). We find both of Preferred's arguments to be without merit.
KRS 411.182, Kentucky's comparative fault statute provides, in relevant part:
(1) In all tort actions, including products liability actions, involving fault of more than one (1) party to the action, including third-party defendants and persons who have been released under subsection (4) of this section, the court, unless otherwise agreed by all parties, shall instruct the jury to answer interrogatories or, if there is no jury, shall make findings indicating:
(a) The amount of damages each claimant would be entitled to recover if contributory fault is disregarded; and
(b) The percentage of the total fault of all the parties to each claim that is allocated to each claimant, defendant, third-party defendant, and person who has been released from liability under subsection (4) of this section.
(2) In determining the percentages of fault, the trier of fact shall consider both the nature of the conduct of each party at fault and the extent of the causal relation between the conduct and the damages claimed.
(3) The court shall determine the award of damages to each claimant in accordance with the findings, subject to any reduction under subsection (4) of this section, and shall determine and state in the judgment each party's equitable share of the obligation to each claimant in accordance with the respective percentages of fault.
With the adoption of comparative fault, the trier of fact is required to consider the conduct of all of the parties, including claimants such as Preferred, and to determine the percentage of total fault of those parties. "Fault" has been defined to include an "unreasonable failure to avoid an injury or to mitigate damages." Owens Corning Fiberglas Corp. v. Parrish, 58 S.W.3d at 473 (quoting Uniform Comparative Fault Act, 12 U.L.A. 123, note 10 at §1(b) (Cum. Supp. 2000)).
Preferred's argument that apportionment can only be among parties in pari delicto is misplaced. In fact, the concept of pari delicto, as it is applicable herein, refers only to whether a joint tortfeasor is entitled to apportionment or indemnity. In Degener v. Hall Contracting Corp., 27 S.W.3d 775 (Ky. 2000), the Kentucky Supreme Court explained the circumstances in which a defendant has a right to apportion liability and when its right is to indemnity. Apportionment of liability arises "when two or more joint tortfeasors are guilty of concurrent negligence of substantially the same character which converges to cause the plaintiff's damages." Id. at 778. Such joint tortfeasors "are said to be `in pari delicto.'" Id. Indemnity, on the other hand, "is available to one exposed to liability because of the wrongful act of another with whom he/she is not in pari delicto." Id. at 780. In either case, however, whether the joint tortfeasors are or are not in pari delicto has no bearing whether fault can be apportioned to a plaintiff.
Further, contrary to Preferred's argument, liability among joint tortfeasors is no longer joint and several, but is several only. Dix & Associates Pipeline Contractors, Inc. v. Key, 799 S.W.2d 24 (Ky. 1990). Thus, because the liability is several as to each joint tortfeasor, it is necessary to apportion a specific share of the total liability to each of them, whether joined in the original complaint or by third-party complaint, and the several liability of each joint tortfeasor with respect to the judgment is limited by the extent of his/her fault. Id. at 27-28. Degener, 27 S.W.3d at 779.
Preferred erroneously contends that the recent decision in Abbott v. Chesley, 413 S.W.3d 589 (Ky. 2013), supports joint and several liability for breach of fiduciary duty. In fact, our Supreme Court specifically recognized that joint and several liability is barred in tort cases by KRS 411.182, but nevertheless determined that the appellants' claim was essentially contractual, based upon a breach of the attorney-client contract, and further that the appellees had engaged in a joint enterprise, or joint adventure, for which joint and several liability is properly assessed pursuant to KRS 362.220. Id. at 603. Abbott has no applicability to the instant case.
Based upon the language of KRS 411.182 and the cases interpreting comparative negligence, we conclude that the trial court did not err by instructing the jury to apportion fault to Preferred and Key.
Both parties have appealed the award of punitive damages. Insight argues the punitive damages award must be vacated because there was no clear and convincing evidence that it acted with fraud, oppression, malice or gross negligence. KRS 411.184(2); Williams v. Wilson, 972 S.W.2d 260 (Ky. 1998). Insight further contends that once the trial court ruled that the punitive damage award was the result of passion or prejudice, it was required to vacate the award rather than arbitrarily reduce it. In its cross-appeal, however, Preferred argues that the full punitive damage award should be reinstated because the trial court lacked the authority to reduce it and because the trial court erred in finding that it was the result of passion or prejudice. Because we are remanding this matter for a new trial, however, any issues regarding the punitive damages award are necessarily rendered moot. For the same reason, we decline to address Insight's arguments pertaining to the closing arguments.
For the reasons set forth herein, the judgment of the Jefferson Circuit Court is reversed and this matter is remanded for a new trial in accordance with this opinion.
ALL CONCUR.


FootNotes 
1. Curiously, in July 2009, shortly after Preferred instituted legal action against Key, Preferred filed its 2009 annual corporate report, which identified Key as a director for the first time since 2006. Although Key maintained that he had not been identified on a corporate report in any capacity since 2007, he nonetheless executed a formal resignation of any purported director status.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us



















 Kentucky US Federal District Courts Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Kentucky US Federal District Courts Case Law

Kentucky US Federal District Courts


US District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky
US District Court for the Western District of Kentucky


Browse Opinions From Kentucky

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 Western District of Kentucky US Federal District Court Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Western District of Kentucky US Federal District Court Case Law

Browse Opinions From the US District Court for the Western District of Kentucky

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925


Recent Decisions From the US District Court for the Western District of Kentucky



Martin v. Strode



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00067
								
									


Thomas v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00659
								
									


GGNSC Louisville St. Matthews LLC et al v. Badgett



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00188
								
									


United Parcel Service Co. et al v. DNJ Logistic Group, Inc. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00609
								
									


Liebe v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00270
								
									


Moore v. Hopkins County, Kentucky et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00039
								
									


Jones et al v. Midwest Poultry Services, LP et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00225
								
									


Employers Mutual Casualty Company v. SG&D Ventures, LLC



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00105
								
									


Downer v. Bolton et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00341
								
									


Thornsberry v. Kuchenbrod et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00146
								
									


Akins v. Miller



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00138
								
									


Lethiot v. Werner Shipping Company et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00488
								
									


Mathis & Sons, Inc. et al v. The Commonwealth Of Kentucky Transportation Cabinet et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00535
								
									


Department of Agriculture v. McGregor et al



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2007cv00004
								
									


Carver v. Strode et al



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00109
								
									











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P. v. Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government et al, No. 3:2016cv00625 - Document 25 (W.D. Ky. 2017) :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P. v. Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government et al, No. 3:2016cv00625 - Document 25 (W.D. Ky. 2017)



Court Description:  MEMORANDUM OPINION signed by Senior Judge Charles R. Simpson, III on 3/29/2017, re Defendants' 18 MOTION TO DISMISS. cc: Counsel (RLK)
			




Download PDF



					Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P. v. Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government et al Doc. 25 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT WESTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY AT LOUISVILLE INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. PLAINTIFF v. CIVIL ACTION NO. 3:16-cv-00625-CRS LOUISVILLE/JEFFERSON COUNTY METRO GOVERNMENT and LOUISVILLE METRO COUNCIL DEFENDANTS Memorandum Opinion I. Introduction This matter is before the Court on the motion of Defendants Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government and Louisville Metro Council (collectively, “Defendants”) to dismiss the claims under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6), ECF No. 18. Plaintiff Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P. (“Insight”) responded, ECF No. 23. Defendants replied, ECF No. 24. For the reasons explained below, the Court will grant in part and deny in part Defendants’ motion to dismiss. II. Allegations in the Complaint Wireline video providers use facilities placed in public rights-of-way to provide video programming to their customers. Compl. ¶ 9, ECF No. 1. These providers run wires and cables, including fiber optic wires, from central locations to their customers’ businesses and residences. Id. ¶ 10. Most of the wires and cables are hung aerially on existing utility poles along the public rights-of-way. Id. A. Insight and the Louisville Metro Council Regulations Insight is a wireline video provider operating in Louisville, Kentucky. Id. ¶ 9. Insight and its predecessor entities have been providing customers in the area with services for decades. Id. ¶ 1 Dockets.Justia.com 15. Louisville Metro Council regulates Insight as a “Cable Communications System.” Id. ¶ 17. The regulations placed on Insight are apparently costly and concern “extension of service requirements, customer service obligations, privacy regulations, performance measurements, interconnection requirements with other similar networks, rate regulation, requirements regarding street occupancy, reporting requirements, handling complaints, and the requirement to obtain a franchise from Louisville Metro.” Id. ¶¶ 19, 20. For example, the regulations require Insight to maintain a repair and maintenance service that is capable of responding to customer complaints or requests within twenty-four hours and to provide Louisville Metro Council with the results of system performance measurement tests. Id. ¶ 37. Insight must also maintain service logs and follow a preventive maintenance program. Id. Regarding the franchise requirement, Insight has operated under a franchise agreement with Louisville Metro Council since May 31, 1998. Id. ¶ 21. In 2010, the franchise agreement expired. Id. Insight initiated timely renewal negotiations under the Federal Cable Act. Id. In 2012 and 2015, Insight entered into settlement agreements with Louisville Metro Council. Id. ¶ 21 n.1. These agreements confirmed that the 1998 franchise agreement was still in effect. Id. B. AT&T and the Louisville Metro Council Regulations BellSouth Telecommunications, LLC (AT&T) is another wireline video provider operating in Louisville. Id. ¶ 9. Unlike with Insight, Louisville Metro Council does not regulate AT&T as a “Cable Communications System.” Id. ¶ 24. According to Insight, AT&T takes the position that it operates under a historic state-issued telecommunications franchise and does not require a separate video franchise to operate in Louisville. Id. Thus, AT&T apparently is not subject to the regulations placed on Insight, nor is it required to obtain a franchise from Louisville Metro Council. Id. 2 C. Google and the Louisville Metro Council Regulations Google Fiber Kentucky, LLC (“Google”) has applied for and been granted authority by Louisville Metro Council to become a wireline video provider in the city and surrounding area, and plans to construct its own wireline video network. Id. ¶ 9. When Google has finished constructing its wireline video network, it will compete with AT&T and Insight in providing video services to customers in Louisville. Id. ¶¶ 11–14. Unlike with Insight, Louisville Metro Council does not plan to regulate Google as a “Cable Communications System.” Id. ¶ 27. Instead, Louisville Metro Council will treat Google as a “Communications Service” provider and will subject it to minimal regulations. Id. In February 2016, Louisville Metro Council approved an “Interlocal Cooperation Agreement” with the Jefferson County, Kentucky municipalities that possess franchise authority. Id. ¶ 29. The agreement authorizes Louisville Metro Council to advertise and process bids for a single, standard franchise agreement for communication infrastructure service providers seeking to serve the Louisville Metro area and municipalities in Jefferson County (a “Uniform Franchise”). Id. In June 2016, Louisville Metro Council awarded Google a Uniform Franchise. Id. ¶ 30. The Uniform Franchise requires Google to comply with applicable requirements in the Louisville Metro Public Works & Assets Utility Policy and with Louisville Metro Council’s permitting and inspection requirements related to working in the public right-of-way. Id. ¶ 31. The Uniform Franchise also requires Google to pay a “Communications Franchise Fee” in an amount not to exceed $50,000.00, if state law were changed to permit such a fee. Id. Overall, Insight asserts that the Uniform Franchise agreement and the Louisville Metro Code regulations placed on 3 Google will be less burdensome than those that Louisville Metro Council has placed on it. Id. ¶ 37. D. Insight’s Request to Decrease Regulations and the Louisville Metro Council’s Adoption of the One-Touch Ordinance In June 2016, Insight sent Louisville Metro Council a letter seeking regulatory treatment similar to the regulations that it will apparently place on Google. Id. ¶ 43. In July 2016, after Louisville Metro had awarded Google a Uniform Franchise, Insight sent another letter that again sought regulatory treatment similar to the regulations that will be placed on Google. Id. ¶ 44. In August 2016, Louisville Metro Council declined Insight’s requests. Id. ¶ 46. A few months before Insight sought similar regulatory treatment, in February 2016, Louisville Metro Council adopted the One-Touch Ordinance. Id. ¶ 59. The One-Touch Ordinance allows a communications service provider seeking to make a new utility pole attachment to relocate or alter the attachments or facilities of any preexisting third-party user to accommodate its own approved attachments. Id. ¶ 60. The communications service provider must use the owner of the utility pole’s approved contractors. Id. The One-Touch Ordinance does not require the communications service provider to notify the preexisting third-party of its intent to relocate or alter the attachments, unless the relocation or alteration would cause a customer outage. Id. ¶ 61. If the communications service provider has not provided advance notice of its intent to relocate or alter an attachment, it must notify the preexisting third-party about any relocation or alteration within 30 days after performing the work. Id. ¶ 62. The preexisting thirdparty then has 14 days to inspect the work to make any claim of damages or other complaints. Id. E. Insight’s Claims against Defendants In September 2016, Insight filed suit against Defendants. Compl. 1, ECF No. 1. Insight asserts six claims. First, Insight claims under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 that Defendants’ preferential 4 treatment of AT&T and Google infringed on its ability to engage in and transmit speech, which violated the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and Section 8 of the Kentucky Constitution (Count I). Id. ¶¶ 71–86. Second, Insight asserts under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 that Defendants’ preferential treatment of AT&T and Google denied it equal protection of the law, which violated the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and Section 2 of the Kentucky Constitution (Count II). Id. ¶¶ 87–105. Third, Insight asserts that Kentucky law granting the Public Service Commission exclusive authority to regulate utility pole attachments preempts Louisville’s One-Touch Ordinance (Count III). Id. ¶¶ 106–15. Fourth, Insight claims under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 that the One-Touch Ordinance constitutes an unlawful taking of its property, which violates the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and Section 13 of the Kentucky Constitution (Count IV). Id. ¶¶ 116–24. Fifth, Insight also seeks declaratory relief and an award of attorney fees under 42 U.S.C. §§ 1983 and 1988 to remedy the alleged constitutional violations (Count V). Id. ¶¶ 125–32. Sixth, Insight seeks a declaratory judgment under 28 U.S.C. §§ 2201 and 2202 to determine the respective rights of the parties (Count VI). Id. ¶¶ 133–36. III. Discussion Defendants now move to dismiss Counts I through V under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6).1 Rule 12(b)(6) provides that a party may move to dismiss a cause of action for “failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted.” To survive a motion to dismiss, a complaint must contain sufficient facts to state a claim that is “plausible on its face.” Bell Atl. Corp. v. Twombly, 55 U.S. 544, 570 (2007). A complaint states a plausible claim for relief when 1 Defendants do not address Count VI. They note, however, in their memorandum in support of their motion to dismiss that “Counts V and VI of the Complaint merely repeat the allegations of the first four counts and seek attorneys’ fees under 42 U.S.C. § 1988, and declaratory relief under 28 U.S.C. §§ 2201 and 2202.” Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 2, ECF No. 18-1. 5 the court may “draw the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable for the misconduct alleged.” Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 678 (2009). A court is not required to accept legal conclusions or “threadbare recitals of the elements of a cause of action.” Id. When resolving a motion to dismiss, the court must “construe the complaint in the light most favorable to the plaintiff, accept its allegations as true, and draw all reasonable inferences in favor of the plaintiff.” Wesley v. Campbell, 779 F.3d 421, 428 (6th Cir. 2015) (quoting Directv, Inc. v. Treesch, 487 F.3d 471, 476 (6th Cir. 2007)). Defendants argue that the Court should dismiss Counts I and II because Insight waived its right to assert violations of the right to free speech and equal protection when it entered into settlement agreements with Louisville Metro Council in 2012 and 2015 and because any claim based on comparisons to Louisville Metro Council’s treatment of Google is not yet ripe. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 5–13, ECF No. 18-1. Defendants argue that Count III should be dismissed because Louisville’s One-Touch Ordinance is not preempted by Kentucky law. Id. at 13–16. Defendants maintain that the Court should dismiss Count IV because Louisville Metro Council’s One-Touch Ordinance does not constitute an unlawful taking of property. Id. at 16–20. Defendants finally argue that Count V should be dismissed because the declaratory relief is unavailable for reasons found in their arguments related to Counts I, II, and IV and because 47 U.S.C. § 555a bars Insight’s request for attorney fees as a matter of law. Id. at 20–22. A. Whether Counts I and II Should Be Dismissed As noted above, Insights asserts in Count I that Defendants’ preferential treatment of AT&T and Google infringed on its free speech rights under the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and Section 8 of the Kentucky Constitution. Compl. ¶¶ 71–86, ECF No. 1. Insight also contends in Count II that this preferential treatment 6 denied it equal protection of the law, which violated the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and Section 2 of the Kentucky Constitution. Id. ¶¶ 87–105. Defendants argue that the Court should dismiss Count I and Count II because Insight waived its free speech and equal protection rights and because, to the extent that the claims are based on comparisons to Louisville Metro’s treatment of Google, they are not yet ripe. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 5–13, 6 n.6, ECF No. 18-1. i. Whether Insight Waived its Free Speech and Equal Protection Rights An initial matter regarding Defendants’ waiver argument that this Court must address is whether waiver may be asserted in a motion to dismiss under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6). Insight contends that waiver is an affirmative defense and thus is improperly asserted on a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss. Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 10–12, ECF No. 23. Defendants reply that the “Sixth Circuit has repeatedly held a motion to dismiss may be granted on the basis of a conclusively established affirmative defense.” Reply 2–3, ECF No. 24. Waiver is an affirmative defense. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 8(c)(1) (listing affirmative defenses). A motion to dismiss may be granted based on an affirmative defense when “the facts conclusively establish the defense as a matter of law.” Grant, Konvalinka & Harrison, PC v. Banks (In re McKenzie), 716 F.3d 404, 412 (6th Cir. 2013) (citing Hensley Mfg. v. ProPride, Inc., 579 F.3d 603, 613 (6th Cir. 2009)). Thus, Defendants may properly assert waiver in their motion to dismiss. Turning to the merits of Defendants’ waiver argument, Defendants explain that Insight was aware of their allegedly more favorable treatment of AT&T when entering into settlement agreements with Louisville Metro Council in 2012 and 2015; therefore, Defendants maintain, Insight waived any freedom of speech or equal protection claims that allegedly arise out of their 7 unequal treatment of AT&T. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 8–11, ECF No. 18-1. Defendants further assert that Insight waived its free speech and equal protection rights by accepting the application of the 1998 Franchise Agreement and Louisville Metro Code in the 2012 and 2015 settlement agreements. Id. at 12–13. The 1998 Franchise Agreement included provisions acknowledging that Insight was subject to local law, including § 116.49 of the Louisville Metro Code. Id. This portion of the Louisville Metro Code provides that a franchisee will not challenge a franchise as “unreasonable, arbitrary, voidable or void.” Id. Insight argues in opposition that it never waived its right to assert a freedom of speech or equal protection claim. Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 12–15, ECF No. 23. Insight notes that the settlement agreements with Louisville Metro Council from 2012 and 2015 expressly provide that it does not waive any rights held under applicable law. Id. at 12. Insight also clarifies that it is not challenging the franchise as “unreasonable, arbitrary, voidable, or void,” and thus § 116.49 of the Louisville Metro Code does not apply to this case. Id. at 13. And regardless, Insight did not waive any constitutional rights in agreeing to abide by § 116.49 of the Louisville Metro Code. Id. at 13. Constitutional rights may be contractually waived when “the facts and circumstances surrounding the waiver make it clear that the party foregoing its rights has done so of its own volition, with full understanding of the consequences of its waiver.” Henley v. Cuyahoga Cty. Bd. of Mental Retardation & Developmental Disabilities, 141 F. App’x 437, 446 (6th Cir. 2005) (citing Erie Telecomms., Inc. v. City of Erie, 853 F.2d 1084, 1096 (3d Cir. 1988)). Waiver must be “voluntary, knowing, and intelligent,” depending on the “particular facts and circumstances surrounding that case, including the background, experience and conduct of the waiving party.” 8 Erie Telecomms., 853 F.2d at 1094 (internal citations omitted). Waiver must be established by “clear and compelling evidence.” Id. (internal citations omitted). The Supreme Court analyzed the contractual waiver of a constitutional right in D.H. Overmyer Co. v. Frick Co., 405 U.S. 174 (1972) and in Fuentes v. Shevin, 407 U.S. 67 (1972). In D.H. Overmyer, the defendant contracted with the plaintiff to have a refrigeration system placed in a warehouse. 405 U.S. at 176. The defendant fell behind on its payments for the refrigeration system. Id. The defendant negotiated with the plaintiff regarding the delayed payments. Id. at 180. It eventually executed a note containing a judgment clause that waived service of process and allowed the plaintiff to confess a judgment against it. Id. at 180–81. When the defendant still failed to pay for the refrigeration system, the plaintiff’s attorney filed suit against the defendant and caused judgment to be entered against the defendant under the note. Id. at 181. The defendant appealed, asserting in relevant part that the judgment and the note violated its Constitutional right to due process. Id. at 184. The Supreme Court emphasized that due process rights are waivable and held that the defendant had knowingly, voluntarily, and intelligently waived its constitutional right to due process when it agreed to the confession of judgment clause. Id. at 186–87. In Fuentes, the plaintiff purchased a stove and stereo from the defendant under an installment contract. 407 U.S. at 70. The plaintiff retained title to the merchandise, but she was only entitled to possession if she timely paid the installment contract. Id. When she had paid all but $200.00 of the installment contract, the defendant filed suit in a small-claims court for repossession of the stove and stereo. Id. The clerk of the small claims court issued a writ of replevin, and a local deputy sheriff and one of the defendant’s agents went to the plaintiff’s home and seized the stereo and stove. Id. at 71. The plaintiff then sued the defendant and challenged 9 the state’s replevin procedures under the Fourteenth Amendment due process clause. Id. On appeal, the Supreme Court addressed whether the plaintiff’s signing of a conditional sales contract that provided that the defendant could take the merchandise if payment was defaulted waived her constitutional right to due process. Id. at 94. The Court found that the parties had not bargained over contractual terms and that the language of the contract was “no more than a statement of the seller’s right to repossession upon occurrence of certain events.” Id. at 95–96. Thus, the Court held that the contract did not waive the plaintiff’s right to due process. Taking all reasonable inferences in favor of Insight, Defendants have not established that Insight’s purported knowledge of AT&T’s allegedly more favorable contract with Louisville Metro Council constituted a knowing, voluntary, and intelligent waiver of its constitutional rights to free speech and equal protection. Further challenging Defendants’ waiver argument is that neither the parties’ 2012 settlement agreement nor their 2015 settlement agreement includes a waiver of Insight’s freedom of speech and equal protection constitutional rights. See 2012 Settlement Agreement, ECF No. 18-2; 2015 Settlement Agreement, ECF No. 18-3. Moreover, the 2012 settlement agreement states, “Nothing herein shall constitute a waiver of any rights held by Insight or [Louisville Metro Council] under applicable law.” 2012 Settlement Agreement 3, ECF No. 18-2. The 2015 settlement agreement likewise provides, “Nothing herein shall constitute an amendment or modification of the Franchise, or a waiver of any rights held by Franchisee or [Louisville Metro Council] under applicable law.” 2015 Settlement Agreement 7, ECF No. 18-3. Section 116.49 of the Louisville Metro Code similarly fails to support Defendants’ waiver argument. Insight’s 1998 Franchise Agreement, under which Insight continues to operate as agreed in the 2012 and 2015 settlement agreements, states that Insight will abide by the Cable 10 Act and “any other applicable provisions of federal, state, and local law.” Franchise Agreement 26, ECF No. 1-2. Section 116.49 of the Louisville Metro Code states: By acceptance of any franchise hereunder a franchisee covenants and agrees that it will not at any time or in any manner or proceeding set up any term or condition of this chapter or of any ordinance or agreement awarding a franchise hereunder as unreasonable, arbitrary, voidable or void, or that the Metro Government had not the power or authority to make such term, or condition, but shall be required to accept the validity of same in their entirety. Counts I and II do not challenge the 1998 Franchise Agreement as “unreasonable, arbitrary, voidable, or void”; instead, the claims challenge Louisville Metro’s allegedly unequal treatment of Insight as compared to AT&T and Google. See Compl. ¶¶ 71–105, ECF No. 1. And § 116.49 appears not to waive Insight’s right to assert constitutional claims against Louisville Metro Council for violations of its constitutional rights. In sum, Defendants’ argument that Counts I and II should be dismissed because Insight waived its right to assert freedom of speech and equal protection claims is unavailing. ii. Whether Insight’s Claims Based on Comparisons to Louisville Metro’s Treatment of Google are Ripe. Defendants explain that because Insight has not specifically alleged that Google accepted the offered Uniform Franchise agreement, deployed any facilities in Louisville’s right-of-way, or offered any competing services to customers in Louisville, Insight cannot yet show any freedom of speech or equal protection injury as related to Google. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 6 n.6, ECF No. 18-1. Insight contends in opposition that Defendants’ ripeness argument is not properly addressed in a motion to dismiss and, regardless, it “challenges Defendants’ decision not to treat it substantially similar to Google. That claim is ripe for review now.” Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 15, ECF No. 23. 11 Under the doctrine of ripeness, “federal judicial power is to be exercised . . . only at the instance of who is himself immediately harmed, or immediately threatened with harm, by the challenged action.” Poe v. Ullman, 367 U.S. 497, 504 (1961). A plaintiff, however, need not “await the consummation of threatened injury to obtain preventive relief.” Blum v. Yaretsky, 457 U.S. 991, 1000 (1982) (quoting Penn. v. W.V., 262 U.S. 553, 593 (1923)). “[The] question becomes whether any perceived threat to respondents is sufficiently real and immediate to show an existing controversy.” Id. (citing O'Shea v. Littleton, 414 U.S. 488, 496 (1974)). Here, given the allegations in the complaint, the constitutional claims asserted in Counts I and II are ripe for review. According to the complaint, Louisville Metro has already declined to place Insight under the same regulatory scheme as Google, thereby leading to Insight’s constitutional claims. See e.g., Compl. ¶ 46, ECF No. 1 (explaining that Louisville Metro wrote Insight a letter declining Insight’s requests to be treated under the same regulatory scheme as Google). Furthermore, the perceived threat to Insight arising from Defendants’ different regulatory treatment is sufficiently real and immediate; Insight does not need to wait until Google completes its wireline network to bring its constitutional claims. Thus, Defendants’ argument that Insight’s constitutional claims involving Google are not ripe is unavailing. B. Whether Count III Should Be Dismissed Count III asserts that Kentucky law granting the state’s Public Service Commission exclusive authority to regulate utility pole attachments preempts Louisville’s One-Touch Ordinance.2 Id. ¶¶ 106–15. The relevant state law, Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.040, provides: The One-Touch Ordinance provides, “Upon approval of an Attachment Application, Attacher may relocate or alter the attachments or facilities of any Pre-Existing Third Party User as may be necessary to accommodate [its] Attachment.” Ordinance No. 021 at 4, ECF No. 1-7. Insight 2 12 The commission shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the regulation of rates and service of utilities, but with that exception nothing in this chapter is intended to limit or restrict the police jurisdiction, contract rights or powers of cities or political subdivisions. Ky. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 278.040(2). The parties’ dispute concerning Count III’s dismissal centers on whether Louisville Metro’s One-Touch Ordinance concerns the “regulation of . . . services of utilities,” as set out in Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.040, or falls within the municipality’s general police power. Defendants argue that the One-Touch Ordinance “falls within Louisville Metro’s police power to manage its rights-of-way and therefore falls outside of the exclusive jurisdiction of the [Public Service Commission].”3 Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 13–16, ECF No. 18-1. Insight argues in opposition that the One-Touch Ordinance concerns the movement and relocation of utility pole attachments, which the Public Service Commission regulates as a service of a utility. Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 16–18, ECF No. 23. Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.010(13) defines “service” of a utility as: any practice or requirement in any way relating to the service of any utility, including the voltage of electricity, the heat units and pressure of gas, the purity, pressure, and quantity of water, and in general the quality, quantity, and pressure of any commodity or product used or to be used for or in connection with the business of any utility, but does not include Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service. alleges that the One-Touch Ordinance was “designed to reduce Google’s costs of constructing its network and speed time to market for delivery of its services to the subscribing public.” Compl. ¶ 47, ECF No. 1. 3 In support of their motion to dismiss Count III, Defendants cite to materials that are not referenced in Insight’s claims. See, e.g., Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 4 n.3–5, ECF No. 18-1; id. at 14 n.14 (providing background information about the development of the One-Touch Ordinance). As these materials are not cited in the complaint and are not central to Insight’s claims, the Court did not consider them in ruling on Defendants’ motion to dismiss. See Bassett v. NCAA, 528 F.3d 426, 430 (6th Cir. 2008) (“When a court is presented with a Rule 12(b)(6) motion, it may consider the Complaint and any exhibits attached thereto, public records, items appearing in the record of the case and exhibits attached to defendant's motion to dismiss so long as they are referred to in the Complaint and are central to the claims contained therein.”). 13 Kentucky case law interpreting the definition of a “service” in the context of Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.040 is limited. One applicable case is Benzinger v. Union Light, Heat & Power. 293 Ky. 747, 748 (Ky. 1943). In Benzinger, the City of Covington enacted an ordinance requiring utility companies to place their wires underground and to remove all utility poles from the streets. Id. at 748. An electric company filed suit against Covington, alleging that the ordinance to place wires underground infringed on the Public Service Commission’s exclusive jurisdiction over the service of utilities. Id. at 748–49. The Kentucky Court of Appeals determined that the legislature’s use of the word “service” was intended to apply only to the “quality” and “quantity” of utility products. Thus, because Covington’s underground wire ordinance did not concern the quality or quantity of electric services, it did not fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission and instead was enacted under the municipality’s general police power. Id. at 754. Kentucky CATV Association v. Volz is another, more recent Kentucky case relevant to determining the definition of “service” in the context of Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.040. 675 S.W.2d 393 (Ky. Ct. App. 1983). In Volz, the Public Service Commission determined that it had jurisdiction to regulate utility pole attachment agreements between cable television operators and utility companies. Id. at 396. Plaintiffs, a collection of several cable companies, appealed the decision and argued that the Public Service Commission did not have authority to regulate contracts between private television operators and utility companies. Id. The Kentucky Court of Appeals noted that a utility pole is “an essential part of the facilities of most regulated utilities.” Id. at 396. The appellate court then explained that in allowing cable television operators to attach their cables to unused space on a utility pole, the utilities were providing a “service” as defined by Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.010(13). Id. at 396. The court noted that the definition of a 14 “service” is broad: it “not only includes the basic services for which a utility is created, but is also includes any service which arises from the use of a utility’s facilities, such as its poles.” Id. Therefore, the court determined that services generated by utility pole attachment agreements fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Public Service Commission. Id. Given the Kentucky Court of Appeal’s decision in Volz, the definition of “service” as used in Kentucky Revised Statute § 278.040 is broad. The activity of moving utility pole attachments, which the One-Touch Ordinance purports to regulate, plausibly falls within this definition. Therefore, Defendants’ argument that the One-Touch Ordinance is not preempted by Kentucky law fails, and the Court will deny their motion to dismiss Count III. C. Whether Count IV Should Be Dismissed Count IV alleges that Louisville Metro’s One-Touch Ordinance is an unlawful taking of property in violation of the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution and Section 13 of the Constitution.4 Compl. ¶¶ 116–24, ECF No. 1. Defendants first contend that Count IV should be dismissed because Insight has no property interest in a particular location on a utility pole. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 16–17, ECF No. 18-1. Insight maintains that it has identified a legally cognizable property right in the operation and maintenance of its existing cable network. Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 19, ECF No. 23. Property rights in a “physical thing have been described as the rights ‘to possess, use and dispose of it.’” Loretto v. Teleprompter Manhattan Catv Corp., 458 U.S. 419, 435 (1982) (citing United States v. General Motors Corp., 323 U.S. 373, 378 (1945)). In this case, Insight alleges a property interest greater than the right to a particular location on a utility pole; instead, it has alleged that it has “a “vested property interest in its physical network in Louisville, including its 4 The Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment and Section 13 of the Kentucky Constitution prohibit the government from taking private property for public use without just compensation. 15 wires, equipment, and other facilities attached to utility poles in Louisville.” Compl. ¶ 119, ECF No. 1. Given this allegation, Defendants have not met their burden of showing that Insight failed to identify in its complaint a cognizable property interest. Defendants secondly argue that Count IV should be dismissed because any touching of its wires that may be authorized by Louisville’s One-Touch Regulation is temporary and does not deprive Insight of any beneficial use of its facilities. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 17–19, ECF No. 18-1. Insight argues, however, that Defendants’ argument turns on a fact issue and thus is inappropriate for resolution on a Rule 12 motion and that it properly alleges a takings claim. Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 21–24, ECF No. 23. Whether a government action is a taking is fact dependent. Ark. Game & Fish Comm'n v. United States, 133 S. Ct. 511, 518 (2012). A regulatory taking occurs when a government regulation “‘goes too far’ in restricting a property owner’s use of their property.” Tenn. Scrap Recyclers Ass'n v. Bredesen, 556 F.3d 442, 455 (6th Cir. 2009). When the regulation does not render the property valueless, a court uses a balancing test found in Penn Central Transportation Co. v. City of New York, 438 U.S. 104 (1978). Id. The balancing test requires the court to look at “[t]he economic impact of the regulation on the claimant,” “the extent to which the regulation has interfered with distinct investment-backed expectations,” and “the character of the governmental action” to determine whether a regulatory taking has occurred. Penn Central Transp. Co., 438 U.S. at 124. Here, taking all reasonable inferences in favor of Insight, Insight has sufficiently pleaded that the One-Touch Ordinance constitutes a regulatory taking. Insight asserts that the One-Touch Ordinance “constitutes an unlawful taking of [its] property, by the state action of a municipal ordinance that allows a competitor repeatedly to trespass upon, take possession of, move and 16 potentially damage its facilities, for a private use.” Compl. ¶ 121, ECF No. 1. Insight also claims that the One-Touch Ordinance allows Google “to repeatedly handle, move, interfere with, and potentially damage [its] wires, equipment, and other facilities attached to utility poles in the right-of-way, which threatens to destroy Insight’s investment in and ability to use its facilities to provide service for its customers.” Id. ¶ 122. These allegations plausibly suggest that the OneTouch Ordinance could have severe economic impacts on Insight, could disrupt its investmentbacked expectations, and would be an intrusive government action. As such, Defendants’ argument that Count IV should be dismissed because of the temporary effect of the One-Touch Ordinance fails at this time. D. Whether Count V Should Be Dismissed Count V seeks declaratory relief and an award of attorney fees under 42 U.S.C. §§ 1983 and 1988 to remedy the alleged constitutional violations. Compl. ¶¶ 125–32, ECF No. 1. Defendants first argue that Insight’s request for declaratory relief in Count V should be dismissed for “the reasons set forth” in their discussion of Counts I, II, and IV. Mem. Supp. Mot. Dismiss 20, ECF No. 18-1. Insight asserts that it has alleged cognizable constitutional claims and thus Defendants’ motion to dismiss its request for declaratory relief should be denied. Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 22, ECF No. 23. As explained above, Insight has plausibly pled its claims alleging violations of its constitutional rights. The Court will accordingly deny Defendants’ motion to dismiss Count V to the extent that Insight seeks declaratory relief. Defendants also maintain that Insight’s request for attorney fees under 42 U.S.C. § 1988 in Count V should be dismissed because it is barred by 47 U.S.C. § 555a. Id. at 20–22. Insight asserts that it has alleged cognizable constitutional claims and that its claims are not barred by § 17 555a, which limits the relief a cable operator can obtain for a “claim,” not a “proceeding.” Resp. Opp. Mot. Dismiss 22, ECF No. 23. Section 555a(a) provides: In any court proceeding . . . involving any claim against a franchising authority or other governmental entity . . . arising from the regulation of cable service or from a decision of approval or disapproval with respect to a grant, renewal, transfer, or amendment of a franchise, any relief, to the extent such relief is required by any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, shall be limited to injunctive relief and declaratory relief. This court proceeding involves constitutional claims—Counts I, II, and IV—that are asserted against a franchising authority and that arise from the regulation of a cable service. Therefore, the relief in this case is limited to injunctive relief and declaratory relief; Insight’s claim for attorney fees based on the alleged constitutional injuries is barred by § 555a. The Court will dismiss Count V to the extent it seeks attorney fees for failure to state a claim as a matter of law. V. Conclusion The Court will grant in part and deny in part Defendants’ motion to dismiss. The Court will grant Defendants’ motion to dismiss regarding Count V to the extent that it seeks attorney fees. The Court will deny Defendants’ motion to dismiss regarding Counts I, II, III, IV, and V to the extent that it seeks declaratory relief. Because Defendants appear not to have addressed Count VI in their motion to dismiss, memorandum in support of their motion to dismiss, or reply, this claim remains pending. An order will be entered in accordance with this memorandum opinion. March 29, 2017 18
				












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 2017 Western District of Kentucky US Federal District Court Case Law, Court Opinions & Decisions :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










2017 Western District of Kentucky US Federal District Court Case Law

Opinions 1 - 500 of 528

1
2
Next




United Parcel Service Co. et al v. DNJ Logistic Group, Inc. et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00609
								
									


Liebe v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00270
								
									


Moore v. Hopkins County, Kentucky et al



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00039
								
									


Martin v. Strode



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00067
								
									


Thomas v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00659
								
									


GGNSC Louisville St. Matthews LLC et al v. Badgett



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00188
								
									


Strategic Marketing Services, LLC v. Skelton



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00231
								
									


Watkins v. Trust Under Will of William Marshall Bullitt By And Through Its Trustee, PNC Bank, N.A. et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv01113
								
									


Employers Mutual Casualty Company v. SG&D Ventures, LLC



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00105
								
									


Downer v. Bolton et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00341
								
									


Thornsberry v. Kuchenbrod et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00146
								
									


Jones et al v. Midwest Poultry Services, LP et al



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00225
								
									


Pogue v. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00598
								
									


Rudolph v. Ballard et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00342
								
									


Akins v. Miller



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00138
								
									


Lethiot v. Werner Shipping Company et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00488
								
									


Mathis & Sons, Inc. et al v. The Commonwealth Of Kentucky Transportation Cabinet et al



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00535
								
									


Department of Agriculture v. McGregor et al



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2007cv00004
								
									


Shinnick et al v. Ram Kabir, LLC



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00160
								
									


Carver v. Strode et al



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00109
								
									


Hasselback v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00307
								
									


Borum v. Smith et al



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00017
								
									


Odom v. Kelley et al



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00118
								
									


Davis v. Allen



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00135
								
									


Duncan v. Grief et al



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00042
								
									


Cadle v. Jefferson et al



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2007cv00070
								
									


Brewer v. Holland et al



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00014
								
									


Stephens v. Shearer



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00064
								
									


Martinez v. Bolton et al



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00265
								
									


Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Borders & Borders, PLC et al



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv01047
								
									


Branham v. Bolton et al



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00108
								
									


Brewer v. Holland et al



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00014
								
									


Fryar v. Smith et al



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00370
								
									


Ernst v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00900
								
									


Schall v. Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. et al



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2014cv00074
								
									


Aldridge v. Adams



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00018
								
									


Stansbury et al v. Hopkins Hardwoods, Inc.



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00016
								
									


Armstead v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00159
								
									


Taylor v. G.P.E.D.C., Inc



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00004
								
									


The Sterling Group LP v. Babcock Power, Inc. et al



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017mc00001
								
									


Osborne v. Unknown Defendants



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00032
								
									


White v. Thurman



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00366
								
									


United States of America v. Owensboro Dermatology Associates, P.S.C.



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016mc00003
								
									


Kennedy v. Life Insurance Company of North America



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00741
								
									


Applegate et al v. Bolton et al



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00197
								
									


Betar v. Advance Correctional et al



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00037
								
									


Hafley v. Osborne



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00045
								
									


Daugherty v. K.S.P. Medical Department



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00041
								
									


Poynter et al v. Hardin County Detention Center et al



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00767
								
									


Mullins v. Smith et al



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00128
								
									


Farlough v. Huskic et al



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00050
								
									


Samuels v. Whaley et al



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00340
								
									


Salyer v. Whitlock et al



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00260
								
									


Babcock Power Inc. et al v. Kapsalis



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00717
								
									


Perez v. Off Duty Police Services, Inc. et al



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00935
								
									


Bedell v. Jordan



Date:  June 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00763
								
									


C.G. v. Rogers et al



Date:  June 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00058
								
									


Lamb v. Bailey et al



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00123
								
									


I.T. Productions, LLC v. Does 1-11



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00836
								
									


Helm v. Ratterman et al



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00771
								
									


Lyvers v. Newkirk et al



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00096
								
									


Alvey v. State Farm Fire and Casualty Company



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00023
								
									


Jackson v. Coyne et al



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00174
								
									


Poynter et al v. Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00773
								
									


LeBlanc et al v. Hagan et al



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00178
								
									


EMW Women's Surgical Center, P.S.C. et al v. Glisson



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00189
								
									


Kennedy v. Life Insurance Company of North America



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00741
								
									


Sutherland v. Smith



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00111
								
									


Curtis v. Hardin et al



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00085
								
									


Dumas v. Meko



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00046
								
									


Hurt v. Trump



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00007
								
									


Reed v. Smith



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00051
								
									


David C. Saldana et al v. Amazon.com, LLC et al



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00290
								
									


Hill v. Carlisle



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00177
								
									


Sanders v. Print Fulfillment Services, LLC



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00245
								
									


Rudd Equipment Company, Inc. v. John Deere Construction & Forestry Company



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00703
								
									


Hurt v. National Museum of African American History and Culture et al



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00772
								
									


Frye v. Pfizer



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00295
								
									


C.R.L. v. United Parcel Service, Inc.



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00034
								
									


Key v. UniCare et al



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00851
								
									


Habin Yah v. Commonwealth of Kentucky



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00020
								
									


West et al v. Hayden et al



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00782
								
									


Buchanan v. United States Government



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00035
								
									


Snelling v. Gregory et al



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00041
								
									


Borum v. Smith et al



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00017
								
									


Trent v. Anderson et al



Date:  June 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00002
								
									


Barassi v. Lewis



Date:  June 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00040
								
									


Porter v. Louisville Jefferson County Metro Government et al



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00829
								
									


Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Borders & Borders, PLC et al



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv01047
								
									


Bradford v. Prosoft, LLC et al



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00373
								
									


Hagan v. Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00298
								
									


Phillips v. Knox et al



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00158
								
									


Beasley v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00108
								
									


Smith v. Donald et al



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00347
								
									


Epperson v. Crawford



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00321
								
									


Nored v. Hempfling



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00033
								
									


Martin v. James et al



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00114
								
									


Ford v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00115
								
									


Gupton v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00174
								
									


Pembroke Health Facilities, L.P. et al v. Ford et al



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00158
								
									


Cooper v. Bower, et al.



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00249
								
									


Scott v. Haun et al



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00815
								
									


Colston v. Regency Nursing, LLC



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00050
								
									


Fulkerson et al v. Lynch et al



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00003
								
									


Willis v. Daviess County Detention



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00011
								
									


Kirsch v. Dean



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00299
								
									


Pettus v. RXCrossroads



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00424
								
									


Cooper v. Belt et al



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00030
								
									


Busk v. Integrity Staffing Solutions



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00139
								
									


Hargrove et al v. Jefferson County Board of Education et al



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00806
								
									


Educational Impact, Inc. v. Scott



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00351
								
									


Johnson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00106
								
									


Collins v. White



Date:  June 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00026
								
									


Rodgers v. Southern Health Partners et al



Date:  June 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00070
								
									


Steeg v. Vilsack



Date:  June 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2013cv00086
								
									


Murillo et al v. Dillard



Date:  June 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00069
								
									


Jackson v. Coyn et al



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00061
								
									


J&J Sports Productions, Inc. v. Camacho et al



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00141
								
									


Sublett v. Sheets



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00199
								
									


Bailey v. White



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00152
								
									


King v. Tangilag et al



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00185
								
									


Adkins v. Peede



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00033
								
									


Edmonds v. White



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00170
								
									


Smith v. Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc et al



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00560
								
									


Hibbs v. Henderson County Detention Center et al



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00058
								
									


Branham v. Bolton et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00108
								
									


Johnson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00010
								
									


Morrison v. Humana Inc.



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00598
								
									


Taylor v. Weltman, Weinberg & Reis, Co., P.S.C. et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00775
								
									


Kaufman v. General Electric Company



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00204
								
									


Covington v. LORD Corporation



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00093
								
									


Warehime v. Louisville Retirement Residence Limited Liability Company et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00634
								
									


Kick v. Prisoner Transport Services LLC et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00074
								
									


Anderson v. Vaughn et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00069
								
									


Harmon v. Green-Taylor Water District et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00071
								
									


GGNSC Louisville St. Matthews et al v. Madison



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00830
								
									


Rainwater et al v. American Fidelity Assurance Company et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00182
								
									


Reinhardt v. User-Friendly Phone Book, LLC et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00483
								
									


Larue v. Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. et al



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00001
								
									


Smith v. Divison of Child Support et al



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00275
								
									


McKinney v. Napier et al



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00028
								
									


Cooper v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00165
								
									


Gough v. Louisville Jefferson County Metro Government et al



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00849
								
									


Wilden, et al. v. Laury Transportation, LLC et al



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00784
								
									


Rudd Equipment Company, Inc. v. John Deere Construction & Forestry Company



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00703
								
									


Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Marathon Petroleum Company LP



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00354
								
									


Galloway v. Henderson County et al



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00156
								
									


American Home Healthcare Services, Inc. v. Floyd Memorial Hospital and Health Services et al



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00048
								
									


Jones v. Bolton et al



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00831
								
									


National Water Services, LLC v. ACC Construction Co., Inc.



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00792
								
									


Guldenschuh v. Doe et al



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00005
								
									


Deere & Company v. FIMCO Inc.



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00105
								
									


Strategic Marketing Services, LLC v. Skelton



Date:  May 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00231
								
									


Sharber v. Bolton et al



Date:  May 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00526
								
									


Baum v. Metro Restoration Services, Inc.



Date:  May 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00787
								
									


Tinsley v. Henderson County Circuit Court



Date:  May 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00027
								
									


Keys v. Monument Chemical Kentucky, LLC



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00645
								
									


Greene v. White



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00223
								
									


Harden v. State of Kentucky et al



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00640
								
									


Corizon Health, Inc. v. CorrecTek, Inc. et al



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00035
								
									


Salter v. Aaron et al



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00055
								
									


GGNSC Louisville St. Matthews LLC et al v. Saunders



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00185
								
									


England v. The Hartford Financial Group Incorporated



Date:  May 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00153
								
									


Richardson v. Dollar General Corporation et al



Date:  May 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00617
								
									


Yah v. Bolton



Date:  May 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00774
								
									


Miracle v. Reivous et al



Date:  May 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00690
								
									


Brewer v. Holland et al



Date:  May 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00014
								
									


Miller v. Wilhelm Construction



Date:  May 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00194
								
									


Everett v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00074
								
									


Steitz v. Bowersock et al



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00715
								
									


Clark v. Ramey et al



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00044
								
									


Barber v. Lincoln National Life Insurance Company



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00034
								
									


Hall v. The Evangelical Lutheran Good Samaritan Society, Inc. et al



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00193
								
									


Bardwell v. KY New Era Newspaper et al



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00242
								
									


Blessing-Hardy v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00802
								
									


Percell v. Kentucky Department of Military Affairs et al



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00721
								
									


Lamb v. Crayton



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00241
								
									


Bardwell v. KY New Era Newspaper et al



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00242
								
									


Advanced Solutions Life Sciences, LLC v. Biobots, Inc.



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00709
								
									


Johnson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00135
								
									


Schall v. Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. et al



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2014cv00074
								
									


Mace v. Smith et al



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00283
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Crawley v. Bottom



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00070
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Jackson v. Jernigan et al



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00750
								
									


Winnett v. All Medical Staff et al



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00143
								
									


Quarles v. LaRue County Jailer



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00190
								
									


Wills v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  May 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00150
								
									


United States of America et al v. Forrest B. White, JR. Masonry, Inc. et al



Date:  May 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00958
								
									


Luckett v. Sprint



Date:  May 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00700
								
									


Parimax Holdings, LLC v. Kentucky Downs, LLC et al



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00082
								
									


Balcar et al v. Smith et al



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00119
								
									


Amtote International Inc. v. Kentucky Downs, LLC et al



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00047
								
									


Leary v. Ford Motor Company



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00048
								
									


Maqablh v. Heinz et al



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00289
								
									


Goines v. Liberty Life Assurance Co. Of Boston



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00103
								
									


Whybark et al v. Synthes, Inc. et al



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00084
								
									


Bonds v. Oldaker et al



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00724
								
									


West v. Pella Corp.



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00154
								
									


Jennings v. Webster County Jail et al



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00168
								
									


City of Murray, Kentucky v. Robertson, Incorporated Bridge & Grading Division et al



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00008
								
									


Cecil v. Hayne



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00107
								
									


Deere & Company v. FIMCO Inc.



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00105
								
									


Hillerich & Bradsby Co., Inc. v. Christie's, Inc. et al



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00808
								
									


Rudolph v. Ballard et al



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00342
								
									


Martinez v. White, et al.



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00192
								
									


Henley v. White



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00015
								
									


Hopkins v. Speedway SuperAmerica LLC et al



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00834
								
									


Milby v. Gates Rubber Company



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00104
								
									


Ervin et al v. United States of America



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2013cv00127
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Hatfield v. Teasley



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00012
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Nicholson v. Hyundai Capital America, Inc. et al



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00208
								
									


Ceres Protein, LLC et al v. Thompson Mechanical & Design et al



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00491
								
									


Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Indi's Fast Food Restaurant, Inc.



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00590
								
									


Patterson v. Metalsa Structural Products, Inc.



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00099
								
									


Miller v. Javitch Block LLC



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00746
								
									


Thurmand v. Dean Dairy Holdings, LLC et al



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00084
								
									


Westfield Insurance Company v. Estate of Arthur Gene McMahan, Jr. et al



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00809
								
									


Chatman v. White Lodging Services Corporation



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00826
								
									


Gripp v. Fed Gov.



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00223
								
									


Sublett v. Henson et al



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00184
								
									


Tarter v. Kentucky State Reformatory et al



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00773
								
									


Hurt v. All Federal Circuits et al



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00751
								
									


Ibrahim v. ABM Government Services, LLC



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00102
								
									


Winnett v. Teasly et al



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00008
								
									


Sigrist v. Riddell et al



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00176
								
									


Miracle v. Smith et al



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00346
								
									


Raymond v. Jones et al



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00019
								
									


McGuire v. Commonwealth Attorney et al



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00114
								
									


Pogue v. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00598
								
									


Martinez v. Hiland et al



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2013cv00182
								
									


Couch v. Transworld Systems, Inc.



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00618
								
									


Harden v. Hillman et al



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00594
								
									


French v. Security Seed and Chemical, Inc.



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00160
								
									


Pogue v. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00598
								
									


Bradford v. Prosoft, LLC et al



Date:  April 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00373
								
									


Thurmand v. Dean Dairy Holdings, LLC et al



Date:  April 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00084
								
									


West Bend Mutual Insurance Company v. Swain et al



Date:  April 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00532
								
									


Cleveland et al v. Louisville Metro Government et al



Date:  April 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00588
								
									


Johnson v. Circle K Stores, Inc. et al



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00046
								
									


McCormick v. Nurse Kendra et al



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00017
								
									


Dickey v. Rapier et al



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00712
								
									


Brooks et al v. Caterpillar Global Mining America, LLC



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2014cv00022
								
									


Phoenix Process Equipment Co. v. Capital Equipment & Trading Corporation et al



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00024
								
									


West Bend Mutual Insurance Company v. Swain et al



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00532
								
									


ACR Dealer Funding, LLC v. Auto Brokers USA Corp. et al



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00083
								
									


Auto-Owners Insurance et al v. Aspas et al



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00189
								
									


Felty v. Wedding et al



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00001
								
									


Thompson v. Causey et al



Date:  April 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00012
								
									


Briggs v. LSM Properties of Kentucky, LLC



Date:  April 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00619
								
									


Goodman v. Johnson



Date:  April 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00197
								
									


Duvall v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  April 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00080
								
									


Lyons v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  April 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00136
								
									


Ohio Farmers Insurance Company v. Charlie's Electric Service, Inc. et al



Date:  April 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00101
								
									


Pharmacy Corporation of America et al v. Concord Healthcare Group, LLC et al



Date:  April 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00037
								
									


National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania v. Bowling Green Recycling, LLC et al



Date:  April 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00024
								
									


Kuklinski v. United States Department of Treasury et al



Date:  April 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00843
								
									


Burris v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  April 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00092
								
									


Little et al v. Louisville Gas and Electric Company et al



Date:  April 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv01214
								
									


Maqablh v. Heinz et al



Date:  April 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00289
								
									


Sisco et al v. Ward et al



Date:  April 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00074
								
									


Humphrey v. Hardin County Detention Center et al



Date:  April 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00075
								
									


Price v. Unknown U.S. Marshal et al



Date:  April 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00199
								
									


Gamble v. McCracken County, Kentucky et al



Date:  April 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00195
								
									


Winnett v. Advanced Correctional Healthcare



Date:  April 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00005
								
									


Stansbury et al v. Hopkins Hardwoods, Inc.



Date:  April 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00016
								
									


Maqablh v. Heinz et al



Date:  April 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00289
								
									


SCA Hygiene Products Aktiebolag et al v. First Quality Baby Products, LLC et al



Date:  April 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2010cv00122
								
									


Evans v. Midland Funding, LLC



Date:  April 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00421
								
									


Fraze v. Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company



Date:  April 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00522
								
									


Gibson v. City of Sturgis, Kentucky et al



Date:  April 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00021
								
									


Windhorst v. Swift & Staley Inc.



Date:  April 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00077
								
									


Guldenschuh v. Doe et al



Date:  April 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00005
								
									


Carr v. Buckley et al



Date:  April 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00748
								
									


Byas v. Commonwealth of Kentucky et al



Date:  April 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00121
								
									


Chandler v. Hawkins et al



Date:  April 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00079
								
									


Schambon v. Orkin, LLC



Date:  April 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00130
								
									


Weber v. Louisville Metro Police Department et al



Date:  April 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00779
								
									


Kellar v. MH Equipment Corporation et al



Date:  April 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00005
								
									


Ward et al v. Sisco et al



Date:  April 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00059
								
									


Joe Hand Promotions, Inc. v. Dick et al



Date:  April 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00202
								
									


Kelly v. American Foods Group, LLC et al



Date:  April 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00757
								
									


Haier US Appliance Solutions, Inc. v. Menard, Inc.



Date:  April 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00761
								
									


Gray v. Midland Funding, LLC



Date:  April 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00036
								
									


Trinity Video Communications, Inc. v. Carey et al



Date:  April 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00730
								
									


McDowell v. Hording et al



Date:  April 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00104
								
									


Norris v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  April 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00105
								
									


Wolz v. Auto Club Property-Casualty Ins. Co.



Date:  April 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00638
								
									


Richardson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00116
								
									


Biller v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00875
								
									


Fausz v. NPAS, Inc



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00145
								
									


Bickett et al v. Countrymark Energy Resources, LLC



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00093
								
									


Armstead v. Social Security Administration et al



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00117
								
									


Summers v. Teasley et al



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00141
								
									


V-Soft Consulting Group, Inc. v. Logic Corporation



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00425
								
									


Warren et al v. Sheba Logistics, LLC et al



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00148
								
									


Tritchler v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2013cv00083
								
									


Mivelaz v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00720
								
									


Hopkins v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00216
								
									


Nwanguma et al v. Trump et al



Date:  March 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00247
								
									


Babcock Power Inc. et al v. Kapsalis



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00717
								
									


Howard v. The Prudential Insurance Company of America



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00752
								
									


Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P. v. Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government et al



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00625
								
									


Christopher Boling v. Prospect Funding Holdings LLC



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00081
								
									


Kuklinski v. United States Department of Treasury et al



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00843
								
									


Kendall v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00394
								
									


Ickes v. Woosley et al



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00030
								
									


Stennett v. Midland Funding, LLC



Date:  March 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00656
								
									


Eastridge v. Goodrich Corporation et al



Date:  March 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00862
								
									


Hatfield v. Daviess County Detention Center



Date:  March 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00144
								
									


Balcar v. Jefferson County Judicial District of Louisville, Kentucky, et al



Date:  March 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00025
								
									


Isaacs v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00095
								
									


Winnett v. Cobb



Date:  March 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00122
								
									


Winnett v. Cobb et al



Date:  March 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00010
								
									


Green v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00910
								
									


Monroe v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00123
								
									


Decola v. Prudential Insurance Company of America



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00185
								
									


Ingalsbe v. Henderson Health Facilities, L.P. et al



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00070
								
									


Collins v. PRG Real Estate et al



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00647
								
									


McGrew et al v. VCG Holding Corp. et al



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00397
								
									


Poynter v. Allen et al



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00066
								
									


Wink v. NaturMed, Inc.



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00090
								
									


Lani v. Schiller Kessler & Gomez, PLC et al



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00018
								
									


Cherry v. Howie et al



Date:  March 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2014cv00179
								
									


Lawrence v. Bevin et al



Date:  March 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00161
								
									


Ford v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company et al



Date:  March 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00151
								
									


Zywicki v. Sai Nath, LLC



Date:  March 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00435
								
									


Green River Marina, LLC v. Meredith et al



Date:  March 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00074
								
									


Martin v. James et al



Date:  March 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00114
								
									


Odom v. Thompson et al



Date:  March 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2013cv00211
								
									


Polylok Inc et al v. Bear Onsite, LLC et al



Date:  March 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00535
								
									


White v. Yamamoto FB Engineering, Inc.



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00793
								
									


Hurt v. Civil Rights Lawyer et al



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00039
								
									


Commonwealth of Kentucky Education and Workforce Development Cabinet Office for the Blind v. United States



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2012cv00132
								
									


Davis v. Richter et al



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00005
								
									


Saint Catharine College, Inc. v. King et al



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00113
								
									


Akins v. Corrigan



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00017
								
									


Dickerson v. Kentucky Correctional Psychiatric Center et al



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00724
								
									


Hobson v. United States Government



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00125
								
									


Lobley v. Guebert



Date:  March 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00202
								
									


Boggs v. Merideth



Date:  March 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00006
								
									


Grider v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2017cv00049
								
									


Wilson v. Anthem Health Plans of Kentucky, Inc.



Date:  March 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00743
								
									


Chambers v. Long et al



Date:  March 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00142
								
									


Jackson v. Johnson et al



Date:  March 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2014cv00031
								
									


Pedreira, et al v. Sunrise Children's Services, et al



Date:  March 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2000cv00210
								
									


Akins v. Reed et al



Date:  March 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00018
								
									


Lani v. Schiller Kessler & Gomez, PLC et al



Date:  March 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00018
								
									


Earley v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00053
								
									


Love-Lucas v. Fort Campbell Commissary et al



Date:  March 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2012cv00139
								
									


Armstead v. Cabinet for Health and Human Services et al



Date:  March 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00150
								
									


Fraze v. Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company



Date:  March 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00522
								
									


Maze et al v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. et al



Date:  March 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00641
								
									


Stinson v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00004
								
									


CDK Global, LLC et al v. Scott & Reynolds, LLC et al



Date:  March 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00045
								
									


Fausz v. NPAS, Inc



Date:  March 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00145
								
									


Lani v. Schiller Kessler & Gomez, PLC et al



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00018
								
									


Johnson v. American Education Services et al



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00710
								
									


Tassy v. Lindsay Entertainment Enterprises, Inc.



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00077
								
									


Martinez v. Hiland et al



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2013cv00182
								
									


Jarmon v. Intuitive Surgical, Inc.



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00334
								
									


Huttsell v. Radcliff Company, Inc.



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00796
								
									


Hargett v. Jefferson County Board of Education



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00869
								
									


Ashby v. Amscan, Inc.



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00643
								
									


Ricchuite v. Johnson et al



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00104
								
									


Baum v. Metro Restoration Services, Inc.



Date:  March 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00787
								
									


Blackwell v. Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00376
								
									


Aldridge v. Hampton



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00033
								
									


Deere & Company v. FIMCO Inc.



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00105
								
									


Wombles et al v. City of Mt. Washington, KY et al



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00856
								
									


Hickey v. General Electric Company



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00739
								
									


The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. et al v. Jones et al



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2014cv00042
								
									


Madden v. Parnell et al



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00023
								
									


Cooper v. Grief et al



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00006
								
									


Deere & Company v. FIMCO Inc.



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00105
								
									


Walls v. Crounse Corporation



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00058
								
									


Parker v. Sims



Date:  March 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00644
								
									


Burton v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  March 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00096
								
									


Barnes v. Stratton et al



Date:  March 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00214
								
									


Jones-Bey v. Jefferson County Government et al



Date:  March 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00657
								
									


McMullan v. United States of America



Date:  March 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00473
								
									


Mik et al v. Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation



Date:  March 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00273
								
									


Pharmerica Corporation et al v. Advanced HCS LLC et al



Date:  March 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00213
								
									


Parks v. Herrington



Date:  March 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00161
								
									


Dunbar v. Wal-Mart Stores East



Date:  March 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00160
								
									


Henson v. Daviess County Detention Center Medical Staff



Date:  March 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00169
								
									


Rams v. Cordish Operating Ventures, LLC et al



Date:  March 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00233
								
									


Frasure v. State Farm Fire & Casualty Co.



Date:  March 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00540
								
									


Brock v. Wright et al



Date:  March 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00065
								
									


Cooper v. Bower, et al.



Date:  March 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00249
								
									


Lockhart v. United States of America



Date:  February 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2017cv00016
								
									


Cervantez v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  February 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00617
								
									


Balcar v. Smith et al



Date:  February 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00054
								
									


McGuire v. Commonwealth Attorney et al



Date:  February 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00114
								
									


Childress v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  February 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00119
								
									


Wadlington v. Smith



Date:  February 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00209
								
									


Reno v. Bachelor et al



Date:  February 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00040
								
									


Baucom v. Kentucky Department of Corrections et al



Date:  February 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00011
								
									


Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB v. Jackson et al



Date:  February 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00627
								
									


Raben Tire Co., LLC v. McFarland et al



Date:  February 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00141
								
									


Wright v. Neece et al



Date:  February 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00148
								
									


Dunn v. Payne et al



Date:  February 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00802
								
									


Wright v. Ford et al



Date:  February 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00151
								
									


Roark v. Parnell et al



Date:  February 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00181
								
									


Edmonds v. White



Date:  February 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00170
								
									


Fausz v. NPAS, Inc



Date:  February 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00145
								
									


Century Capital Group, LLC et al v. Gunn et al



Date:  February 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00173
								
									


McDowell v. Meko



Date:  February 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00143
								
									


Jones-Bey v. Conrad et al



Date:  February 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00723
								
									


Balcar v. Kessinger et al



Date:  February 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00118
								
									


Carr v. Louisville Metro Department of Corrections et al



Date:  February 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00747
								
									


Curtis v. Bradford et al



Date:  February 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00060
								
									


Brunner v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  February 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00907
								
									


Borden v. United States of America



Date:  February 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00066
								
									


Eberhardt v. United States of America



Date:  February 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00063
								
									


Privilege Underwriters Reciprocal Exchange v. Research Products Corporation



Date:  February 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00426
								
									


Bardwell v. KY New Era Newspaper et al



Date:  February 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00242
								
									


Bedivere Insurance Company v. Triangle Enterprises, Inc. et al



Date:  February 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00339
								
									


Little et al v. Louisville Gas and Electric Company et al



Date:  February 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv01214
								
									


Haley v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  February 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00090
								
									


Pfeifer v. Thompson et al



Date:  February 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00007
								
									


Bryant v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  February 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00027
								
									


Presley v. LMPD et al



Date:  February 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00118
								
									


Adams et al v. Fifth Third Bank



Date:  February 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00218
								
									


Gaines et al v. General Electric Company



Date:  February 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00641
								
									


Estate of Jerry Demoss et al v. Eli Lilly and Company et al



Date:  February 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00103
								
									


Lamb v. Bailey et al



Date:  February 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00123
								
									


GGNSC Louisville Mt. Holly, LLC et al v. White



Date:  February 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00149
								
									


Quinn v. Daviess County Detention Center



Date:  February 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00012
								
									


Blair v. Thompson et al



Date:  February 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00035
								
									


Washington v. Wilkins



Date:  February 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00555
								
									


Macy et al v. GC Services Limited Partnership



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00819
								
									


Kaufmann et al v. Federal Aviation Administration et al



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00801
								
									


Guldenschuh v. Doe et al



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2017cv00005
								
									


Saunders v. Ford Motor Company et al



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00594
								
									


Porter v. Louisville Jefferson County Metro Government et al



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2012cv00829
								
									


McNabb v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00298
								
									


Boldry v. Gibson et al



Date:  February 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00088
								
									


Jackson v. Webster County Jail et al



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00147
								
									


Young v. Humphrey



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2014cv00131
								
									


Cruse v. Hamilton et al



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00139
								
									


La Bamba Licensing, LLC v. La Bamba Authentic Mexican Cuisine, Inc.



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00527
								
									


Davis v. Southern Health Partners



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00094
								
									


Murillo et al v. Dillard



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00069
								
									


Arterburn v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. et al



Date:  February 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00109
								
									


West American Insurance Company v. M & M Service Station Equipment Specialist, Inc. et al



Date:  February 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00046
								
									


Cox v. Fulton County Detention Center Staff



Date:  February 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00111
								
									


Shelton v. Print Fulfillment Services, LLC



Date:  February 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00563
								
									


Bentley v. Bailey et al



Date:  January 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00596
								
									


Detwiler v. Southern Health Partners



Date:  January 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00343
								
									


Sutherland v. Disability RMS



Date:  January 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00683
								
									


Southern Star Central Gas Pipeline, Inc. v. Edgen Murray Corporation



Date:  January 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00145
								
									


Hiser et al v. Seay et al



Date:  January 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2014cv00170
								
									


Ivy v. Leigh et al



Date:  January 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00093
								
									


United States of America v. Hargrove et al



Date:  January 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00503
								
									


Littlepage v. Century Aluminum Company et al



Date:  January 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2015cv00159
								
									


M.D. v. Bowling Green Independent School District



Date:  January 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00014
								
									


Brewer v. Holland et al



Date:  January 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00014
								
									


Reed v. Smith



Date:  January 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00030
								
									


Veach v. Southern Health Partners et al



Date:  January 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00100
								
									


Ivan Ware & Son, Inc. v. Delta Aliraq, Inc.



Date:  January 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2010cv00484
								
									


Balcar v. Smith et al



Date:  January 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00428
								
									


Miller v. Bullitt County Fiscal Court et al



Date:  January 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00219
								
									


Cobble v. Spalding University



Date:  January 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00525
								
									


Kimes v. Southern Health Partners



Date:  January 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00129
								
									


Williams et al v. Hardin County Detention Center et al



Date:  January 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00186
								
									


Madden v. Calvert



Date:  January 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00147
								
									


Porter v. Louisville Jefferson County Metro Government et al



Date:  January 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2013cv00923
								
									


Kuklinski v. United States Department of Treasury et al



Date:  January 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2014cv00843
								
									


Cleveland et al v. Louisville Metro Government et al



Date:  January 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00588
								
									


Stearns v. M & M Cartage Co., Inc.



Date:  January 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00661
								
									


Johnson v. Sparling et al



Date:  January 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00633
								
									


Bridges v. M&T Bank et al



Date:  January 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00178
								
									


Meredith v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  January 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00013
								
									


King v. Tangilag et al



Date:  January 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2015cv00185
								
									


Asiago v. Chegg, Inc. et al



Date:  January 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00438
								
									


Smith v. Bolton



Date:  January 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00528
								
									


Askew v. Ambrose et al



Date:  January 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00798
								
									


Sawyers et al v. Drummond



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2014cv00111
								
									


Tillery v. Commissioner of Social Security



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00045
								
									


Prather v. Corrections Care Solutions et al



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00060
								
									


Mayes v. Hayes



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00125
								
									


Raheel Foods LLC, et al v. YUM! Brands, Inc. et al



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00451
								
									


Vaughn v. Daviess County Detention Center



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00061
								
									


Ivy v. Wathen et al



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00092
								
									


Mullins v. Johnson et al



Date:  January 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2017cv00001
								
									


Day v. Shopko Stores Operating Co., LLC et al



Date:  January 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2016cv00050
								
									


Brinkley et al v. University of Louisville, et al



Date:  January 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00180
								
									


Bellar v. City of Auburn, Kentucky



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						1:2015cv00038
								
									


Guthrie v. Guffie



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						4:2016cv00111
								
									


Brown et al v. Tax Ease Lien Servicing, LLC et al



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2015cv00208
								
									


Blair v. Thompson et al



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00035
								
									


Durand v. The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. et al



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2007cv00130
								
									


Phoenix Process Equipment Co. v. Capital Equipment & Trading Corporation et al



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						3:2016cv00024
								
									


Thompson et al v. Campbell Crossing, LLC et al



Date:  January 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						5:2016cv00169
								
									


1
2
Next











Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions












INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. Champaign IL, 61821 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Communications
Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.



2105 W Park Ct

Champaign,
							
							
							 IL
							
							
							 61821-2986
							
							 |  view map


(217) 373-7877

www.charter.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. is in the Cable and Other Pay Television Services industry in Champaign, IL.  This company currently has approximately 75,000 to 100,000 employees  and  annual sales of Over $1,000,000,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Industry:
						Cable and Other Pay Television Services
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						1993
					

Sales Range:
						Over $1,000,000,000
					

Employees:
						75,000 to 100,000


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


AT&T has agreed to acquire Time Warner for $85.4 billion. AT&T said the proposed acquisition is a vertical integration that would combine Time Warner' EIN News
Charter invests in Kristin Dolan's 605 for advanced advertising Fierce Cable
Comcast and Charter christen new wireless partnership with joint Sprint talks: report Fierce Cable
Time Warner partners with Snapchat to reach new audiences Cable '&' Telecommunications Association for Marketing CTAM SmartBrief
Time Warner said to invest $100 million in Snapchat shows, ads The Orlando Sentinel - Business - Orlando, FL
Charter rejects Verizon buyout bid: Report The St. Louis Business Journal - News - St. Louis, MO
Charter teaming up with AMC to produce original content The St. Louis Business Journal - News - St. Louis, MO
Charter Spectrum partners with city of Riverside Press-Enterprise Local News
Charter Communications to hire 20K workers over 4 years WDSU  - NBC - New Orleans, LA
Turner and Warner Bros. Announce New Domestic Premium Streaming Service Featuring the World's Greatest Collection of Animation in One Exclusive Destin World News - Business




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Barnes & Noble


Walbro


RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


A 1 Raidator Service


Hammer & CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Ideal Construction CO


TRI State Metal Works








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								4.0
							


							( Based on
							
							55
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								55
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.
Rate Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p. on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.p.
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLTAIRE
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VUDEN INC
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
YADIN CO INC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
FACTOR SALES INC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














 







Carrollton Hospitality, LLC et al v. Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P.































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










April 18, 2013
Carrollton Hospitality, LLC et al v. Insight Kentucky Partners II, L.P.



Track this case


Case Number:
3:13-cv-00021
Court:
Kentucky Eastern
Nature of Suit:
Contract: Other
Judge:
Gregory F. VanTatenhove
Firms

Stites & Harbison
Stoll Keenon








View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In






















INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. - Cable Station Profile - FCC Public Inspection Files















 Skip to main content Skip to footer and contact information 



This entity has confirmed that it has completed uploading all existing public file material required to be included in the online public file.
 









Cable Profile 


INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P.


PSID 006105






Search Station Profile







 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cable System Info

Legal Name:
INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P.
PSID:
006105
Facility Type:
Cable System
Operator Address:

                                                                        12405 Powerscourt Drive
                                                                                                            St. Louis, MO 63131
                                    800-892-4357 [phone]  Operator E-Mail
 Operator Website

Principal Headend:
This information is kept in the local file.
Communities Served:




CUID
County
Community




KY0467
WARREN
BOWLING GREEN


KY0468
WARREN
WARREN


KY0604
WARREN
SMITHS GROVE


KY0605
WARREN
OAKLAND


KY0630
WARREN
WOODBURN


KY0631
WARREN
PLUM SPRINGS




Zip Codes Served:

                                42101, 42103, 42104, 42122, 42159, 42170, 42171, 42274                            
General Resources

 Part 76 of the Code of Federal Regulations
 Emergency Alert Procedures for Cable Systems

 

 
For help or assistance please contact us at 1-877-480-3201 or 1-717-338-2824 (TTY) or you may submit requests online via e-support.
 













































INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P. - Cable Station Profile - FCC Public Inspection Files















 Skip to main content Skip to footer and contact information 



This entity has confirmed that it has completed uploading all existing public file material required to be included in the online public file.
 









Cable Profile 


INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P.


PSID 004604






Search Station Profile







 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cable System Info

Legal Name:
INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P.
PSID:
004604
Facility Type:
Cable System
Operator Address:

                                                                        12405 Powerscourt Drive
                                                                                                            St. Louis, MO 63131
                                    800-892-4357 [phone]  Operator E-Mail
 Operator Website

Principal Headend:
This information is kept in the local file.
Communities Served:




CUID
County
Community




IN0083
CLARK
CHARLESTOWN


IN0084
CLARK
SELLERSBURG


IN0085
CLARK
CLARKSVILLE


IN0086
CLARK
JEFFERSONVILLE


IN0101
HARRISON
CORYDON


IN0194
FLOYD
NEW ALBANY


IN0206
WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON


IN0387
JACKSON
CROTHERSVILLE


IN0631
SCOTT
SCOTT


IN0791
HARRISON
PALMYRA


IN0792
HARRISON
LANESVILLE


KY0139
CARROLL
CARROLLTON


KY0169
JEFFERSON
LOUISVILLE


KY0330
HARDIN
HARDIN


KY0396
HARDIN
RADCLIFF


KY0427
SHELBY
SHELBYVILLE


KY0488
JEFFERSON
GLENVIEW MANOR


KY0489
JEFFERSON
WORTHINGTON HILLS


KY0490
JEFFERSON
HICKORY HILLS


KY0491
JEFFERSON
MEADOWBROOK


KY0577
OLDHAM
OLDHAM


KY0579
JEFFERSON
HILLS AND DALES


KY0581
JEFFERSON
CREEKSIDE


KY0624
HENRY
PLEASUREVILLE


KY0625
HENRY
EMINENCE


KY0626
HENRY
HENRY


KY0627
HENRY
NEW CASTLE


KY0729
SPENCER
SPENCER


KY0730
SPENCER
TAYLORSVILLE


KY0953
MEADE
BRANDENBURG


KY0956
MEADE
MEADE


KY0957
JEFFERSON
NAVAL ORDNANCE STA


KY0972
BULLITT
BULLITT


KY1012
HENRY
CAMPBELLSBURG


KY1016
TRIMBLE
BEDFORD


KY1042
TRIMBLE
MILTON


KY1043
CARROLL
PRESTONVILLE


KY1044
CARROLL
CARROLL


KY1075
CARROLL
GHENT


KY1183
JEFFERSON
HURSTBOURNE


KY1195
JEFFERSON
MURRAY HILL


KY1196
JEFFERSON
SPRING VALLEY


KY1211
JEFFERSON
COLD STREAM


KY1257
JEFFERSON
GLENVIEW


KY1258
SHELBY
SIMPSONVILLE


KY1321
JEFFERSON
GRAYMOOR-DEVONDALE


IN0056
WASHINGTON
SALEM


IN0081
CLARK
CLARK


IN0240
FLOYD
FLOYD


IN0243
SCOTT
AUSTIN


IN0244
SCOTT
SCOTTSBURG


IN0255
FLOYD
GEORGETOWN


IN0256
FLOYD
GREENVILLE


IN0636
CLARK
BORDEN


IN0640
WASHINGTON
NEW PEKIN


IN0652
CLARK
UTICA


IN0793
HARRISON
HARRISON


IN0938
WASHINGTON
CAMPBELLSBURG


IN0939
WASHINGTON
SALTILLO


KY0428
SHELBY
SHELBY


IN1167
JACKSON
JACKSON COUNTY


KY0378
JEFFERSON
AUDUBON PARK


KY0379
JEFFERSON
KINGSLEY


KY0380
JEFFERSON
SENECA GARDENS


KY0381
JEFFERSON
STRATHMOOR VILLAGE


KY0382
JEFFERSON
STRATHMOOR MANOR


KY0383
JEFFERSON
WELLINGTON


KY0384
JEFFERSON
PARKWAY VILLAGE


KY0400
JEFFERSON
ROLLING FIELD


KY0401
JEFFERSON
LINCOLNSHIRE


KY0429
JEFFERSON
WOODLAWN PARK


KY0432
JEFFERSON
WINDY HILLS


KY0436
JEFFERSON
SHIVELY


KY0437
JEFFERSON
BELLEMEADE


KY0439
JEFFERSON
HERITAGE CREEK


KY0441
JEFFERSON
BROWNSBORO VILLAGE


KY0442
JEFFERSON
CAMBRIDGE


KY0443
JEFFERSON
HOUSTON ACRES


KY0444
JEFFERSON
LYNNVIEW


KY0445
JEFFERSON
MEADOWVIEW ESTATES


KY0446
JEFFERSON
MOCKINGBIRD VALLEY


KY0448
JEFFERSON
MARYHILL ESTATES


KY0450
JEFFERSON
BELLEWOOD


KY0451
JEFFERSON
ST MATTHEWS


KY0452
JEFFERSON
LYNDON


KY0454
JEFFERSON
RICHLAWN


KY0455
JEFFERSON
DRUID HILLS


KY0456
JEFFERSON
CROSSGATE


KY0458
JEFFERSON
JEFFERSONTOWN


KY0492
JEFFERSON
ROLLING HILLS


KY0493
JEFFERSON
ANCHORAGE


KY0495
JEFFERSON
GOOSE CREEK


KY0496
JEFFERSON
BEECHWOOD VILLAGE


KY0498
JEFFERSON
OLD BROWNS BORO PL


KY0499
JEFFERSON
FOREST HILLS


KY0500
JEFFERSON
INDIAN HILLS


KY0501
JEFFERSON
ST REGIS PARK


KY0502
JEFFERSON
DOUGLASS HILLS


KY0503
JEFFERSON
LANGDON PLACE


KY0504
JEFFERSON
HURSTBOURNE ACRES


KY0505
JEFFERSON
SOUTH PARK VIEW


KY0510
JEFFERSON
GLENVIEW HILLS


KY0512
JEFFERSON
WOODLAND HILLS


KY0513
JEFFERSON
WILDWOOD


KY0514
JEFFERSON
BANCROFT


KY0516
JEFFERSON
NORBOURNE ESTATES


KY0517
JEFFERSON
NORTHFIELD


KY0518
JEFFERSON
NORWOOD


KY0519
JEFFERSON
SYCAMORE


KY0521
JEFFERSON
WEST BUECHEL


KY0522
JEFFERSON
WESTWOOD


KY0568
BULLITT
SHEPHERDSVILLE


KY0569
BULLITT
MOUNT WASHINGTON


KY0570
BULLITT
LEBANON JUNCTION


KY0571
BULLITT
POINEER VILLAGE


KY0572
BULLITT
HUNTERS HOLLOW


KY0574
BULLITT
HILLVIEW


KY0575
OLDHAM
LAGRANGE


KY0576
OLDHAM
CRESTWOOD


KY0582
JEFFERSON
BARBOURMEADE


KY0583
JEFFERSON
BROECK POINTE


KY0584
JEFFERSON
BROWNSBORO FARM


KY0585
JEFFERSON
MANOR CREEK


KY0586
JEFFERSON
MOORLAND


KY0587
JEFFERSON
PLANTATION


KY0588
JEFFERSON
PROSPECT


KY0589
JEFFERSON
THORNHILL


KY0590
JEFFERSON
BRIARWOOD


KY0591
JEFFERSON
TEN BROECK


KY0593
JEFFERSON
FINCASTLE


KY0594
JEFFERSON
MIDDLETOWN


KY0606
HARDIN
FORT KNOX


KY0607
MEADE
MULDRAUGH


KY0615
JEFFERSON
HOLLYVILLA


KY0616
JEFFERSON
MEADOW VALE


KY0617
JEFFERSON
BLUE RIDGE MANOR


KY0623
JEFFERSON
HOLLOW CREEK


KY0628
JEFFERSON
WATTERSON PARK


KY0636
OLDHAM
ORCHARD GRASS HILLS


KY0656
OLDHAM
PEWEE VALLEY


KY0657
HARDIN
WEST POINT


KY0658
JEFFERSON
RIVERWOOD


KY0659
OLDHAM
RIVER BLUFF


KY0660
JEFFERSON
GREEN SPRINGS


KY1076
CARROLL
WORTHVILLE


KY1125
HENRY
SMITHFIELD


KY1171
TRIMBLE
TRIMBLE




Zip Codes Served:

                                40003, 40006, 40010, 40011, 40014, 40019, 40022, 40023, 40025, 40026, 40031, 40045, 40047, 40050, 40055, 40056, 40057, 40059, 40065, 40067, 40068, 40071, 40076, 40077, 40108, 40109, 40117, 40118, 40121, 40142, 40150, 40155, 40157, 40160, 40165, 40175, 40177, 40205, 40207, 40209, 40210, 40211, 40213, 40214, 40215, 40216, 40217, 40218, 40219, 40220, 40222, 40223, 40228, 40229, 40241, 40242, 40243, 40245, 40258, 40272, 40291, 40299, 40601, 41008, 41045, 41098, 42701, 47102, 47106, 47108, 47111, 47112, 47114, 47119, 47122, 47124, 47126, 47129, 47130, 47136, 47141, 47143, 47147, 47150, 47161, 47162, 47163, 47164, 47165, 47166, 47167, 47170, 47172, 47177, 47229                            
General Resources

 Part 76 of the Code of Federal Regulations
 Emergency Alert Procedures for Cable Systems

 

 
For help or assistance please contact us at 1-877-480-3201 or 1-717-338-2824 (TTY) or you may submit requests online via e-support.
 






















































INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P | Federal Communications Commission






















Jump to navigation











              Federal Communications Commission
            





Magnifying-glass











Browse bycategory
Browse bybureaus & offices


Menu

 





About the FCCAbout the FCC Overview
What We Do
Rulemaking Process
Leadership
FCC Initiatives
Find People
Organizational Charts
Advisory Committees
Jobs and Internships
Contracting
Strategic Plans & Budgets
Contact
FY 2018 Congressional Budget Request
Privacy Policy

Proceedings & ActionsProceedings and Actions Overview
Electronic Comment Filing System (ECFS)
Commission Documents (EDOCS)
Most Active Proceedings
Items on Circulation
Ex-Parte
Daily Digest
Mergers & Transactions
Auctions
Paper Filings

Licensing & DatabasesOverview
About Licensing
Databases
Fees
Forms
ASR 
CDBS
COALS
CORES
CSRS
DIRS
EA
ECFS
EDOCS
ELS
ETFS
ETRS
GenMen
HAM
KDB
KIDVID
LMS
MyIBFS
NORS
PIF
RLD
SADCS
TCB
TCNS
ULS
VPD
FCC Registration System (CORES)

Reports & ResearchReports and Data Overview
Reports
Data
Guides
Maps
Working Papers
For Developers
Fiscal Year 2015-2018 Strategic Plan

News & EventsNews and Events Overview
Headlines
FCC Blog
Commission Meetings
Events
Archived Events
RSS Feeds & Email Signup
Social Media
August 2017 Open Commission Meeting

For ConsumersHelp Center Overview
Consumer Blogs
Consumer Complaint Center
Disability Rights
Headlines
Social Media and RSS
TV Spectrum Auction
Robocalls
Consumer Complaint Center




Consumer
Enforcement
International
Media
Public Safety
Wireless
Wireline
Offices






 INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P







Full Title
INSIGHT KENTUCKY PARTNERS II, L.P
Description
        Granted the petition      
              Document Type: Memorandum Opinion and Order
FCC Record: DA-11-279A1_Rcd.pdf
Bureau(s):
        Media        
Files
Memorandum Opinion and Order:  Doc Pdf Txt
 



Document Dates
Released On: Feb 14, 2011
Adopted On: Jan 21, 2011
Issued On: Feb 14, 2011
Document Numbers
DA/FCC: DA-11-279




 




















Commission Documents | Federal Communications Commission
























Jump to navigation











              Federal Communications Commission
            





Magnifying-glass











Browse bycategory
Browse bybureaus & offices


Menu

 





About the FCCAbout the FCC Overview
What We Do
Rulemaking Process
Leadership
FCC Initiatives
Find People
Organizational Charts
Advisory Committees
Jobs and Internships
Contracting
Strategic Plans & Budgets
Contact
FY 2018 Congressional Budget Request
Privacy Policy

Proceedings & ActionsProceedings and Actions Overview
Electronic Comment Filing System (ECFS)
Commission Documents (EDOCS)
Most Active Proceedings
Items on Circulation
Ex-Parte
Daily Digest
Mergers & Transactions
Auctions
Paper Filings

Licensing & DatabasesOverview
About Licensing
Databases
Fees
Forms
ASR 
CDBS
COALS
CORES
CSRS
DIRS
EA
ECFS
EDOCS
ELS
ETFS
ETRS
GenMen
HAM
KDB
KIDVID
LMS
MyIBFS
NORS
PIF
RLD
SADCS
TCB
TCNS
ULS
VPD
FCC Registration System (CORES)

Reports & ResearchReports and Data Overview
Reports
Data
Guides
Maps
Working Papers
For Developers
Fiscal Year 2015-2018 Strategic Plan

News & EventsNews and Events Overview
Headlines
FCC Blog
Commission Meetings
Events
Archived Events
RSS Feeds & Email Signup
Social Media
August 2017 Open Commission Meeting

For ConsumersHelp Center Overview
Consumer Blogs
Consumer Complaint Center
Disability Rights
Headlines
Social Media and RSS
TV Spectrum Auction
Robocalls
Consumer Complaint Center




Consumer
Enforcement
International
Media
Public Safety
Wireless
Wireline
Offices






 Commission Documents






Proceedings & Actions

Proceedings and Actions Overview
Electronic Comment Filing System (ECFS)
Commission Documents (EDOCS)
Most Active Proceedings
Items on Circulation
Ex-Parte
Daily Digest
Mergers & Transactions
Auctions
Paper Filings
















July 28, 2017 
 - Broadcast Applications
      
Broadcast Applications Report No: 29037









July 28, 2017 
 - Broadcast Action
      
Broadcast Actions Report No: 49037









July 28, 2017 
 - Public Notice
      
Satellite Application Grants









July 28, 2017 
 - Public Notice
      
Space Station Accepted for Filing PN 07/28/2017









July 28, 2017 
 - Public Notice
      
International Applications Streamlined Accepted PN 07/28/2017









July 28, 2017 
 - Order
      
Jamul Indian Village Development Corp. Modification Order









July 28, 2017 
 - Memorandum Opinion and Order
      
Application Fee Refund Requests









July 28, 2017 
 - Public Notice
      
OET Announces Release of Version 2.2.3 of TVStudy









July 28, 2017 
 - Letter
      
Chairman Regarding Open Internet




Letter:  Pdf Txt
Letter:  Pdf Txt
Letter:  Pdf Txt
 






July 28, 2017 
 - Letter
      
Chairman Response Regarding All About the Message Petition




Letter:  Pdf Txt
Letter:  Pdf Txt
Letter:  Pdf Txt
Letter:  Pdf Txt
Letter:  Pdf Txt
 




 











            Bureaus/Offices          



 Administrative Law Judges


 Auctions


 Cable Services


 Common Carrier


 Communications Business Opportunities


 Consumer and Governmental Affairs


 Consumer Information


 Enforcement


 Engineering & Technology


 Federal Communications Commission


 General


 General Counsel


 Inspector General


 International


 Legislative & Intergovernmental Affairs


 Legislative Affairs


 Managing Director


 Mass Media


 Media


 Media Relations


 No Bureau


 Office of Chairman Pai


 Office of Commissioner Clyburn


 Office of Commissioner O'Rielly


 Office of Former Chairman Genachowski


 Office of Former Chairman Kennard


 Office of Former Chairman Martin


 Office of Former Chairman Powell


 Office of Former Chairman Wheeler


 Office of Former Commissioner Abernathy


 Office of Former Commissioner Adelstein


 Office of Former Commissioner Baker


 Office of Former Commissioner Copps


 Office of Former Commissioner Furchtgott-Roth


 Office of Former Commissioner McDowell


 Office of Former Commissioner Ness


 Office of Former Commissioner Rosenworcel


 Office of Former Commissioner Tate


 Office of Former Commissioner Tristani


 Office of the Chairman


 Office of the Commissioners


 Other


 Plans & Policy


 Public Affairs


 Public Safety and Homeland Security


 Strategic Planning & Policy Analysis


 Wireless Telecommunications


 Wireline Competition


 Workplace Diversity







            EDOCS Document Types          



 Advisory


 Authorization & Certificate


 Broadcast Action


 Broadcast Applications


 Cable Landing Licenses


 Callsign Changes


 Citation & Order


 Citations


 Compliance Guide


 Consent Decree


 Consumer Advisory


 Correction


 Court Filing


 Court Opinion


 Decision


 Declaratory Ruling


 Eb Field Office NAL


 Erratum


 Exparte


 Fact Sheet


 FM Windows


 FNPRM


 Forfeiture Order


 Hearing Designation Order


 Index


 Initial Decision


 ITFS Notices


 Letter


 LPTV Notices


 M&O


 MDS Notices


 Memorandum Opinion and Order


 MO&OR


 MOO&A


 N/A


 NAL


 News Release


 Notice


 Notice of Apparent Liability For Forfeiture


 Notice of Inquiry


 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking


 Notice of Violation


 O&A


 Order


 Order Authorization


 Order Designating Issues For Investigation


 Order Extending Pleading Cycle


 Order of Revocation


 Order on Reconsideration


 Order on Remand


 Order on Review


 Order Proposing Modification


 Order to Show Cause


 Order/Consent Decree


 Plan


 Policy Statement


 Presentation


 Protective Order


 Public Draft


 Public Notice


 R&O/NPRM


 Radio Cutoffs


 Report


 Report and Order


 See Citator3


 Speech


 Statement


 Study


 Summary Decision


 Sunshine


 Tariffs Combined


 Testimony


 TV Notices


 Warning







            Released On          


Start date 

Date 

 E.g., 07/29/2017




End date 

Date 

 E.g., 07/29/2017



 


 


 



 









