










 




Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:13 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. develops neuro-stimulation devices for the treatment of people with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). It offers a system that uses neuro-stimulation technologies and incorporates an algorithm that stimulates key airway muscles based on a patient’s unique breathing patterns. The company’s therapy solution is designed to reduce OSA severity and improve quality of life for patients living with OSA. Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. was founded in 2007 and is based in Maple Grove, Minnesota.


9700 63rd Avenue NorthSuite 200Maple Grove, MN 55369United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 763-205-7970

Fax: 763-537-4310

www.inspiresleep.com







Key Executives for Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.




Mr. Tim Herbert


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Mr. Richard Buchholz


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Sean Cleary


      	Vice President of Global Market Development
      








Mr. Gary A. Goetzke J.D.


      	Vice President of Health Economics
      








Mr. Howard Green


      	Vice President of Marketing
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. Key Developments

Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. Presents at JMP Securities Life Sciences Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 08:00 AM
Jun 17 17
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. Presents at JMP Securities Life Sciences Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 08:00 AM. Venue: St. Regis Hotel, 2 East 55 Street, New York, New York, United States.


Inspire Medical Systems Names Marilyn Carlson Nelson to the Board
Nov 16 16
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. announced that Marilyn Carlson Nelson has been named to the Board of Directors, effective immediately. Mrs. Carlson replaces her husband, Dr. Glen Nelson, who passed away on May 14 after a long illness. Mrs. Carlson is currently chairman and former Chief Executive Officer of Carlson. She also serves on the board of the United Nations Global Compact, the Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy, the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and Harvard Kennedy School Advisory Board.


Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. Presents at Stifel 2016 Healthcare Conference, Nov-16-2016 03:00 PM
Oct 29 16
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. Presents at Stifel 2016 Healthcare Conference, Nov-16-2016 03:00 PM. Venue: Lotte New York Palace Hotel, New York, New York, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 25, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., please visit www.inspiresleep.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Obstructive Sleep Apnea Treatment | Inspire Sleep

















































Skip to content



Inspire Sleep 


Deutsch
| Francais
| Nederlands
Important Safety Information
For Inspire Therapy Patients









Giving You the FREEDOM TO SLEEP Like Everyone Else
Discover Inspire, a breakthrough sleep apnea treatment that works inside your body with your natural breathing process. No mask, no hose, no noise.
How It Works Find A Doctor
Watch Inspired Lives





Inspire is also accessible to veterans, active military members & beneficiaries.
Click below to get started
CLICK HERE





Inspire therapy highlighted as a “miracle” sleep apnea treatment on Inside Edition.
Click below to watch the story
CLICK HERE





Inspire Informational Events 



Aug 

2017 


Minneapolis, MN: Advancements in the Treatment of OSA
August 24, 2017 , 7:00-8:00 PM
View Event Details ›


View All Events



Inspire Therapy Stories 


I just thought tired was part of life. Ever since we've been married my husband has been telling me that I didn't sleep at night. I would wake up so I've always been tired. I didn't know any better. Life is good now!



Ivy, Inspire therapy recipient  WATCH STORIES




It's a way of life that's very simple to incorporate. It's like getting up and brushing your teeth every day.



Dan, Inspire therapy recipient  WATCH STORIES




I wake up every morning and I am well rested. I turn off my device and I'm ready to face the world.



Christine, Inspire therapy recipient  WATCH STORIES







Take Control of Your Sleep Apnea
Inspire therapy is an innovative Obstructive Sleep Apnea treatment option for people unable to use or get consistent benefit from CPAP. The fully implanted system delivers mild stimulation to key airway muscles which keeps the airway open during sleep. Inspire therapy is controlled with a small, handheld remote no mask or hose needed. Simply turn the therapy on before you go to bed and off when you wake up. Inspire therapy helps you take control of your sleep apnea and can give you the restful night’s sleep you’ve been missing.
Learn More




In The News 


 May 17 2017 
New Procedure For Sleep Apnea
Read More ›


 May 17 2017 
New Hope With New Device For People With Sleep Apnea
Read More ›


 May 8 2017 
New Device Helping People Who Suffer From Sleep Apnea
Read More ›




Find a Doctor Near You
To see if Inspire might be right for you.
Locations




Top 






























Obstructive Sleep Apnea Implanted Device | Inspire Sleep














































Skip to content



Inspire Sleep 


Deutsch
| Francais
| Nederlands
Important Safety Information
For Inspire Therapy Patients









Take Comfort.
Inspire therapy can help.
Inspire therapy is a breakthrough implantable treatment option for people with Obstructive Sleep Apnea who are unable to use or get consistent benefit from Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP). While you’re sleeping, Inspire monitors every breath you take. Based on your unique breathing patterns, the system delivers mild stimulation to the hypoglossal nerve which controls the movement of your tongue and other key airway muscles. By stimulating these muscles, the airway remains open during sleep.
The Inspire obstructive sleep apnea device is controlled by a small handheld sleep remote. The remote allows you to turn Inspire therapy on before bed and off when you wake up, increase and decrease stimulation strength, and pause during the night if needed.


 
 
 








 
 
To learn more about how Inspire therapy can be easily incorporated into your everyday life, watch the short video series entitled Inspired Lives. The series features four Inspire therapy patients: Chris, Dan, Ivy and Al, and a physician moderator, Dr. Ron Hanson.
The group discusses their struggles with CPAP and oral appliances, why they’ve made the decision to treat their sleep apnea with Inspire therapy, and how Inspire has changed their lives for the better. Click the video to learn more.



 
Click here to find an Inspire therapy-trained doctor in your area
 




Find an Inspire therapy-trained doctor



Hear from people like you



Sign up to receive Inspire updates





Top 































About Us | Inspire Medical Systems














































Skip to content



Inspire Sleep 


Deutsch
| Francais
| Nederlands
Important Safety Information
For Inspire Therapy Patients








About Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. is focused on delivering a breakthrough treatment for people with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). As a result of this commitment, Inspire is leading the way with a groundbreaking advance in OSA treatment.
Inspire developed the world’s first fully implanted neurostimulation device approved by the FDA for the treatment of OSA. The Inspire system uses well-established neurostimulation technologies and incorporates a proprietary algorithm that stimulates key airway muscles based on a patient’s unique breathing patterns. Inspire therapy is designed to reduce OSA severity and improve quality of life for patients living with this challenging condition.
Inspire was formed in 2007 when the technology and a significant intellectual property portfolio were spun out of Medtronic (NYSE: MDT).




Find an Inspire therapy-trained doctor



Hear from people like you who chose Inspire therapy



See how Inspire is making headlines





Top 
























Inspire Medical Systems Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























inspire medical systems inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Health Care Supplies
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. provides medical products and devices. The Company develops implantable neurostimulation systems to treat obstructive sleep apnea. Inspire Medical Systems operates in the the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

9700 63rd Avenue North
Suite 200
Maple Grove, MN 55369
United States


Phone:
1-844-672-4357


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.inspiresleep.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Marilyn Nelson
Curtis L Carlson Family Foundation/The


Dana Mead
Beaver-Visitec International Inc




Mudit Jain
Synergy Life Science Partners


Casey Tansey
Intuity Medical Inc


Chau Khuong
OrbiMed Advisors LLC




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Inspire Medical Systems Announces FDA Approval of  Inspire 3028 Neurostimulator for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea

Jun 05, 2017






Key Executives


Herbert Tim


President/CEO




Richard Buchholz "Rick"


Chief Financial Officer




Randy Ban


Senior VP:Sales & Marketing




Quan Ni


VP:Research




Gary Goetzke


VP:Health Economics







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































Contact Us | Inspire Medical Systems














































Skip to content



Inspire Sleep 


Deutsch
| Francais
| Nederlands
Important Safety Information
For Inspire Therapy Patients









Contact Us
Are you interested in finding out if Inspire therapy is right for you? 
Let us help connect you with a qualified doctor in your area.
Find a Doctor
For media inquiries, please contact [email protected].
Access media resources.


Get In Touch
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.
9700 63rd Ave. N., Suite 200
Maple Grove, MN 55369
 (844) OSA-HELP
 (844-672-4357)
 [email protected]





Find an Inspire therapy-trained doctor



Hear from people like you who chose Inspire therapy



Learn how Inspire therapy works without a mask





Top 


























Inspire Medical Systems Announces FDA Approval of  Inspire 3028 Neurostimulator for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea 









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Inspire Medical Systems Announces FDA Approval of  Inspire 3028 Neurostimulator for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea




















June 05, 2017 09:00 ET

 | Source: Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.






Next generation technology is 40% smaller & 18% thinner than current neurostimulator and includes MRI Conditional labeling Product launched at SLEEP 2017 annual meeting, taking place in Boston, June 3-7 MINNEAPOLIS, June  05, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., manufacturer of the only FDA-approved implantable device for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for its next-generation device, the Inspire 3028 implantable pulse generator, which includes magnetic resonance (MR) conditional labeling, allowing patients to undergo magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) safely. “The continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) intolerant patients I see want to lead active and engaging lives,” said Alan Kominsky, MD, a practicing ENT-otolaryngologist at the Cleveland Clinic.  “With conditional MRI labeling, the new Inspire device provides my OSA patients peace of mind now that MRIs are an option.  Similar to approvals in the cardiac and neurological implantable device arenas, this labeling expansion is a welcome addition to the upper airway stimulation therapy.” In addition to the conditional MRI labeling, the newly approved implantable device provides many OSA patients with a size profile that meets the needs of patients who cannot use or get benefit from CPAP.  The Inspire 3028 device is 40% smaller and 18% thinner than the current Inspire neurostimulator which received FDA approval in April 2014.  “We have received consistent feedback from the medical community that providing the ability for patients to have an MRI is very important,” said Tim Herbert, President and CEO of Inspire Medical Systems.  “We incorporated features to allow for an MRI and redesigned the device to have both a smaller footprint as well as being significantly thinner without compromising product functionality or device battery life which remains at about 11 years. We believe that the peace of mind and improved patient comfort with this next generation device will have a direct and positive impact on the commercial opportunity for Inspire therapy.” Inspire therapy is currently being implanted in over 100 leading medical centers across the United States and over 25 centers in Europe.  Over 1,700 patients worldwide are currently using Inspire therapy, and objective and subjective patient outcomes have proven the therapeutic benefit of the technology. Inspire also announced that two key publications have been issued in peer-reviewed medical journals further describing the safety and efficacy of Inspire therapy.  First, the four-year long-term follow-up clinical data of patients in the STAR phase III pivotal trial was published in the journal, Otolaryngology–Head and Neck Surgery, in May 2017. The results of the four-year follow-up showed sustained quality of life improvements in patients who have used the therapy for over four years. Also published, in the April 2017 of Otolaryngology–Head and Neck Surgery, was the first multi-center trial conducted to validate the results of the STAR trial.  This second trial was conducted in Germany with 60 patients implanted with the Inspire device.  The authors concluded that selective upper airway stimulation is a safe and effective therapy for patients with obstructive sleep apnea and represents a powerful option for its surgical treatment. “Inspire therapy is proving to be a valuable option for patients who are unable to tolerate CPAP,” said Kingman Strohl, MD, Professor of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and Program Director, Sleep Medicine at UH Cleveland Medical Center.  “I remain convinced that we will continue to see outstanding patient outcomes with the Inspire therapy system and am confident this next generation of smaller and thinner devices with conditional MRI labeling will be an important therapy for my untreated OSA patients.” Inspire will be announcing the approval of the Inspire 3028 neurostimulator at SLEEP 2017, the joint meeting of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and the Sleep Research Society, June 3rd – 7th in Boston. Further, several physicians who have investigated the safety and efficacy of Inspire therapy will present their results during this meeting including the 5-year long-term clinical data from the STAR phase III pivotal as well as additional independent clinical trials and reporting on long-term compliance to the therapy.  On Monday, June 5, 2017 at 12:45pm ET, Inspire is sponsoring an Industry Product Theater titled, “Incorporating Inspire Upper Airway Stimulation into Your Practice.” About Inspire Therapy Inspire Upper Airway Stimulation therapy is an FDA-approved treatment for some people with moderate to severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea who are unable to use or get consistent benefit from continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). In contrast to CPAP, Inspire therapy is implanted inside the body and works with a patient's natural breathing process.  Controlled by the small handheld sleep remote, the system includes a breathing sensor and a stimulation lead powered by a small battery. During sleep, the system senses breathing patterns and delivers mild stimulation to the tongue and other soft tissues of the throat to keep the airway open. Inspire therapy is currently available at more than 100 leading medical centers across the United States and Europe.  About Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., based in Minneapolis, Minn., was incorporated with the purpose of developing a safe, effective and well-accepted therapy to help those OSA patients who are unable to tolerate or get relief from CPAP. Inspire therapy is the world’s first implantable FDA-approved neurostimulation system for the treatment of OSA. The Company is privately held and investors include Amzak Health, Aperture Venture Partners, GDN Holdings, Johnson & Johnson, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Medtronic, OrbiMed Advisors, Synergy Life Science Partners, TGap Ventures and US Venture Partners. For more information, visit www.InspireSleep.com.Investor Contact:
Rick Buchholz
rickbuchholz@inspiresleep.com
(612) 889-8747

Media Contact: 
Howard Green
howardgreen@inspiresleep.com
(651) 357-3616 


Related Articles
other press releases by Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.


Inspire Medical Systems Completes 1,000th Implant, Names Marilyn Carlson Nelson to the Board, and Completes Series F Financing
November 16, 2016 10:22


Inspire Medical Systems Reaches over 1,000 Implants for the Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea
August 22, 2016 16:04


Positive Patient Outcomes Data on Inspire Therapy Highlighted at SLEEP 2016
June 21, 2016 08:32


Inspire Medical Systems to Present at Three Upcoming Investor Conferences
November 10, 2015 09:00






230



other news releases in

Health

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Maple Grove, Minnesota, UNITED STATES
  https://www.inspiresleep.com/




Contact Data
Investor Contact:
Rick Buchholz
rickbuchholz@inspiresleep.com
(612) 889-8747

Media Contact: 
Howard Green
howardgreen@inspiresleep.com
(651) 357-3616 

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Inspire Medical Systems, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.














Inspire Therapy | Sleep Apnea Treatment FAQs
















































Skip to content



Inspire Sleep 


Deutsch
| Francais
| Nederlands
Important Safety Information
For Inspire Therapy Patients








Frequently Asked Questions
If you’re a patient with Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) and are unable to use or get consistent benefit from CPAP, the answers to the Inspire therapy FAQs below are meant to help you prepare to talk to an Inspire therapy-trained doctor or your sleep specialist. If you have a question that isn’t answered here, please give us a call at 844-756-9744, or you can download the Inspire Patient Guide for more information.




How does Inspire therapy work?

Inspire therapy works inside your body with your natural breathing process to treat sleep apnea. It continuously monitors your breathing patterns while you sleep. Based on your unique breathing patterns, the system delivers mild stimulation to key airway muscles, which keeps the airway open while you sleep.

The Inspire system is controlled by a small handheld sleep remote, and consists of three components: a small generator, a breathing sensor lead, and a stimulation lead. Simply turn the therapy on at night before bed, and off in the morning when you wake up.



Is Inspire therapy covered by insurance?

Inspire therapy is FDA approved and proven to be an effective sleep apnea treatment. Currently, the therapy is being reviewed and approved by insurance companies on a patient-by-patient basis. Your doctor's office will work on your behalf to gain payment approval. This approach has been successful in helping patients gain insurance approval.

Would you like to talk to an Insurance Specialist?  Call 844-756-9744 




How much will I have to pay out of pocket for this procedure?

Every insurance plan is different. Generally, the co-pay costs for Inspire therapy should be similar to co-pays for other surgical procedures. Some patients may have secondary benefits or supplemental coverage that will offset their co-pay. Your Inspire therapy-trained doctor can help you through this process.

Would you like to talk to an Insurance Specialist? Call 844-756-9744




Do I need to get approval from my insurance before my first visit?

No, you do not need to have prior approval from your insurance company for the therapy prior to your first clinic visit. Your medical care team will work together to determine if Inspire therapy might be right for you. If you qualify for Inspire therapy, your Inspire therapy-trained doctor will work with you, the hospital, and your insurance company for approval.

Would you like to talk to an Insurance Specialist? Call 844-756-9744




Is Inspire therapy DOT approved?

The Department of Transportation (DOT) requires commercial drivers to be compliant with their sleep apnea treatment in order to keep their license. Similar to CPAP, an Inspire doctor can print out a usage record of Inspire therapy to show the DOT that you are using your prescribed sleep apnea treatment. By proving compliance, there should be no issues renewing your commercial driver's license.



Will Inspire therapy help with snoring?

Data from the Inspire clinical trial showed that 85% of bed partners reported either no snoring or soft snoring by their partners using Inspire therapy.



What does the stimulation feel like?

You should feel a mild sensation from the stimulation. Typically, patients feel a tingling sensation or mild contraction in their tongue muscles. The stimulation should not be painful or uncomfortable and the level is adjustable. Your Inspire therapy-trained doctor will make any adjustments as needed.



How long will the battery last on the Inspire generator?

Most batteries last for 8 to 11 years. The generator battery cannot be recharged so once the battery runs out, you will need to have the generator replaced. This is a very common procedure with many implants.



What does the surgical procedure involve?

The Inspire system is typically implanted during an outpatient procedure under general anesthetic. The system is placed under the skin of the neck and chest through three small incisions. As with any surgical procedure, there are risks that you should be aware of. You should discuss the specifics of the procedure with your doctor.



How long is the recovery time after surgery?

Recovery time after surgery will vary from patient to patient, but you can expect some pain and swelling at the small incision sites for a few days after the implant. Based on your recovery, you may be able to go home the same day of your procedure or your Inspire therapy-trained doctor may want to keep you overnight.

Within a few days following the procedure, you should be able to return to normal non-strenuous activities. You should avoid strenuous activities for about two weeks or as directed by your Inspire therapy-trained doctor. A week after surgery, your doctor will examine you to make sure you are healing properly. Most patients have a full recovery within a couple of weeks.



Will the Inspire system limit my activities?

Generally, Inspire will not limit normal daily activities. However, you should ask your Inspire therapy-trained doctor about any activities that are particularly strenuous, like weight lifting, or those that entail a large or unpredictable range of motion in your upper body and/or arms, such as working as a firefighter.



How often should my doctor check the Inspire system?

Generally, the Inspire system should be checked 1 to 2 times a year. However, your Inspire therapy-trained doctor may want to see you more or less often, depending on your situation.



What types of medical imaging are compatible with the Inspire system?

All Inspire patients can undergo most imaging technologies across the entire body including CT, ultrasound, and X-ray scans. Depending on the model of your Inspire system, you may be able to undergo MRI on the head and extremities, provided certain conditions and precautions are followed. If you are a current Inspire patient, please visit the "For Inspire Therapy Patients" section of the website to learn if your device allows MRI Conditional scans. 



Is it ok to use a microwave oven and common household appliances after my procedure?

Yes, you may use a microwave oven and any common household appliances that do not emit strong magnetic fields. If you have concerns, consult with your Inspire therapy-trained doctor.







Find an Inspire therapy-trained doctor



Watch Inspired Lives



Inspire therapy may be right for you





Top 
























Inspire Medical Systems Inc                                                                                              - Maple Grove                                       , MN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



Maple Grove



Electromedical Equipment



Electromedical Equipment



                            Inspire Medical Systems Inc
                                    



 





















I 


Inspire Medical Systems Inc                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9700 63RD AVE N STE 200 MAPLE GROVE, MN 55369
Get Directions



(763) 205-7970
www.inspiresleep.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $18,560,421.00
 Employee Count 55
 Industries Electromedical Equipment
 Contacts Tim Herbert                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006, Inspire Medical Systems Inc                                                                                              has been providing Electromedical Equipment from Maple Grove. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile























































  info@wiseguyreports.com  |   
 Chat with us   |    +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)  |     +44 208 133 9349 (UK) 



 Login    Register 






















Home


Report Categories







Premium Reports

Access to 600000+ Premium Reports











  
                                Aerospace & Defense
                              









  
                                Agri & Food
                              









  
                                Automotive
                              









  
                                Basic Materials
                              











  
                                Consumer Goods & Retail
                              









  
                                Energy
                              









  
                                Life Sciences
                              









  
                                Manufacturing & Construction
                              











  
                                Services
                              









  
                                Telecom & IT
                              









  
                                Education
                              









  
                                Security & Intelligence Systems
                              











  
                                Technology
                              









  
                                Company Reports
                              










Report Categories 










Aerospace & Defense
                





Agri & Food
                





Automotive
                





Basic Materials
                







Consumer Goods & Retail
                





Energy
                





Life Sciences
                





Manufacturing & Construction
                







Services
                





Telecom & IT
                





Education
                





Security & Intelligence Systems
                







Technology
                





Company Reports
                








Publisher
Knowledgestore

Countries 
              


Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




Countries 

Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



News & Blog

 Press Release
Blog



News & Blogs

 Press Release
Blogs


FAQs

About Us

About Our Company
Our Team
Life At WGR


Careers
Contact Us











                                         There are no items currently in your basket.
                                     













There are no items currently in your basket!














  




































Search 
                






 














Home
All Reports
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals...









 


  Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile


WGR28387
12 
                  April, 2017 
Global
19 pages 
GlobalData






















Description




Table of Content




Sample Report




Enquiry before buy




Related Reports





Summary
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. (Inspire) is a medical device company that manufactures and markets healthcare implants. The company offers implanted neurostimulation device. Its product is used for treatment of obstructive sleep apnea. Inspire uses neurostimulation technologies. Inspire’s implanted system consists generator, stimulation lead and breathing sensor lead, powered by battery. The company also participates in various clinical trials of products in the related sector. It partners with medical technology investors. The company markets its products throughout the US. Inspire is headquartered in Maple Grove, Minnesota, the US.
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.
GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Medical eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.
Scope
- Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.
- Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.
- Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.
- Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.
- Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.
- Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company’s (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.
- Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.
- Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.
- Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.
- Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.
- Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.
Reasons to Buy
Get detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirements
- The profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.
Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategy
- The profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.
Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the company
- Detailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.
Equip yourself with detailed information about the company’s operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.
- The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.
Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the company
- Recent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.
Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research
- Key elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.


Table of Contents  
Table of Contents  2
List of Tables  3
List of Figures  4
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017  5
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2011 to YTD 2017  6
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017  7
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2011 to YTD 2017  8
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2011 to YTD 2017  9
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deal Details  10
Venture Financing  10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD37.5 Million in Series F Financing  10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD40 Million In Series E Financing  10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises US$14.5 Million In Series C Financing  12
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Key Competitors  14
Key Employees  15
Locations And Subsidiaries  16
Head Office  16
Appendix  17
Methodology  17
About GlobalData  17
Contact Us  17
Disclaimer  17
List of Tables  
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Key Facts  1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2011 to YTD 2017  1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017  5
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2011 to YTD 2017  6
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017  7
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Deals By Market, 2011 to YTD 2017  8
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2011 to YTD 2017  9
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD37.5 Million in Series F Financing  10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD40 Million In Series E Financing  10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises US$14.5 Million In Series C Financing  12
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Key Competitors  14
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Key Employees  15
List of Figures  
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2011 to YTD 2017  1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017  1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017  1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2011 to YTD 2017  1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017  5
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2011 to YTD 2017  6
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017  7
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Market, 2011 to YTD 2017  8







                                Request a Sample Report
                                




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Do you have any Specific field of Interest?*

















Confirm


 








Make an enquiry before buying this Report




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Your Enquiry*

















Confirm


 
















Purchase this Market Research Report







 USD




 GBP




 EURO




 YEN




 INR







                        1-user PDF
                         
                          $250.00
                        

 
                        Site PDF 
                         
                          $500.00
                        

 
                        Enterprise PDF 
                         
                          $750.00
                        





  1-user PDF
  
 
    190.35
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  380.70
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  571.05
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    212.73
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  425.45
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  638.18
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    27,658.00
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  55,316.00
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  82,974.00
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    16,038.75
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  32,077.50
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  48,116.25
  









Add To Cart
BUY NOW





 















  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form









  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form






Contact Us










Akash Anand
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 (646) 843 9312 (US)
+44 208 133 9349 (UK)













Rishabh Arora
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+44-208-133-9346













Abu Koshy
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 339 368 6938










Related Reports








                  ×
              
Tell a friend about this report 




Your Name:*





Your Email:*





Friend's Name:*





Friend's Email:*





Your Enquiry*









Send


 





































































Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile | Market Research Reports® Inc.



















Skip to main content









 








Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Become Publisher
Blog
 





0 items $0.00 











Search form

Search this site 
 

Search



 










You are here: Home  Catalog  Pharma & Healthcare  Company Reports (Pharma & Healthcare) 









Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile











Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile









Printer versionSend by email





Publication ID: GDA04171502
Publication Date: 

April 12, 2017



Pages: 

17


Publisher: GlobalData
Countries: 

USA


$250.00
Publication Type *
 - Select -Single User License (PDF), $250.00Site License (PDF), $500.00Global License (PDF), $750.00
Please choose the suitable license type from above. More details are at given under tab "Report License Types" below.




Add to cart





Why to buy from us?




 Globally Trusted Brand


We help executives from Fortune 500 firms to Start-ups with their market research needs thus we can help you too. 





 Shop With Confidence


If you have any pre-sales questions related to this report pelase let us know using the "Report Enquiry" form below. This will help us provide you with answers so that you can purchase with confidence. 





 Secure Checkout


You can shop confidently as your online payments are processed using PCI DSS compliant secure payment gateways on our website.





 Frequently Asked Questions


If you wish to read about frequently asked questions by our customers please visit our FAQs page.










TabsDescription

Summary
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. (Inspire) is a medical device company that manufactures and markets healthcare implants. The company offers implanted neurostimulation device. Its product is used for treatment of obstructive sleep apnea. Inspire uses neurostimulation technologies. Inspire’s implanted system consists generator, stimulation lead and breathing sensor lead, powered by battery. The company also participates in various clinical trials of products in the related sector. It partners with medical technology investors. The company markets its products throughout the US. Inspire is headquartered in Maple Grove, Minnesota, the US.
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.
GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Medical eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.
Scope
- Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.
- Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.
- Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.
- Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.
- Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.
- Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company’s (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.
- Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.
- Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.
- Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.
- Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.
- Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.
Reasons to Buy
Get detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirements
- The profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.
Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategy
- The profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.
Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the company
- Detailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.
Equip yourself with detailed information about the company’s operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.
- The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.
Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the company
- Recent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.
Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research
- Key elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.




Table of Contents

Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
List of Tables 3
List of Figures 4
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017 5
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2011 to YTD 2017 6
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017 7
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2011 to YTD 2017 8
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2011 to YTD 2017 9
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deal Details 10
Venture Financing 10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD37.5 Million in Series F Financing 10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD40 Million In Series E Financing 10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises US$14.5 Million In Series C Financing 12
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc. - Key Competitors 14
Key Employees 15
Locations And Subsidiaries 16
Head Office 16
Appendix 17
Methodology 17
About GlobalData 17
Contact Us 17
Disclaimer 17
List of Tables
List of Tables
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Key Facts 1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2011 to YTD 2017 1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017 5
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2011 to YTD 2017 6
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017 7
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Deals By Market, 2011 to YTD 2017 8
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2011 to YTD 2017 9
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD37.5 Million in Series F Financing 10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises USD40 Million In Series E Financing 10
Inspire Medical Systems Raises US$14.5 Million In Series C Financing 12
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Key Competitors 14
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Key Employees 15
List of Figures
List of Figures
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2011 to YTD 2017 1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017 1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017 1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2011 to YTD 2017 1
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2011 to YTD 2017 5
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2011 to YTD 2017 6
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2011 to YTD 2017 7
Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Market, 2011 to YTD 2017 8




Report License Types

Single User License (PDF)
This license allows for use of a publication by one person.
This person may print out a single copy of the publication.
This person can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
This person cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Single User License must be purchased for every person that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Site License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by all users within one corporate location, e.g. a regional office.
These users may print out a single copy of the publication.
These users can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
These users cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside the corporate location for which the publication is purchased.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Site User License must be purchased for every corporate location by an organization that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Global License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by unlimited users within the purchasing organization e.g. all employees of a single company.
Each of these people may use the publication on any computer, and may print out the report, but may not share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside of the organization.
These employees of purchasing organization can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
*If Applicable.




Report Enquiry


Do you have more questions related to this market research report after going through the description and table of contents?
We are here to help. Please use the form given below to let us know your questions related to this report.
Kindly use your official email address and contact number to ensure speedy response.


First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Email Address *



Phone (Including International Code) *



Report Title *



Your Inquiry *








CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


Math question *
 2 + 0 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


Submit




Company Reports (Pharma & Healthcare)Pharma & Healthcare

*Please note that the report cover image shown above is for representation purpose only. Actual report cover may vary.








 250.00000
Single User License (PDF)

Market Research Reports® Inc.
http://www.marketresearchreports.com












Related Market Research Reports







Publication 

Price 





Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co KGaA (FMS) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Tissue Regenix Ltd - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



genedrive plc (GDR) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



EDAP TMS SA (EDAP) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Smith & Nephew Plc (SN.) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Royal DSM NV (DSM) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Sectra AB (SECT B) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Cynvenio Biosystems Inc - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc (BMRN) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



MDxHealth SA (MDXH) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Terumo Corp (4543) - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 



Battelle Memorial Institute - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile
Summary 

$250.00 




 









Clients Who Trust Us

 











Need tailor made market research solution? We can help you with that too.

Contact Us










About Us

At Market Research Reports, Inc. we aim to make it easier for decision makers to find relevant information and locate right market research reports which can save their time and assist in what they do best, i.e. take time-critical decisions.
We work with our associate Global market research firms who are known leaders in their respective domains to obtain right market research solution for our customer’s needs, be it custom research or syndicated research reports.





Contact Us


Market Research Reports, Inc

















16192 Coastal Hwy
Lewes, DE 19958, USA
 USA: +1-302-703-9904
 India: +91-8762746600
 marketresearchreports
[email protected]
 




User login


Username *
 


Password *
 

Create new account
Request new password


Log in
 




Latest Blog Posts



  
 Investment Opportunities in Taiwan: Semiconductor, Chemical and Consumer Goods will Lead the Pack 

 Global Investment Opportunities in Ports and Terminals 
 
 


Stay Connected







 



Sign up to our newsletter:
Email Address *
 



Subscribe
 





 




Research Industries

Home
Automotive
Banking & Finance
Business & Government
Chemicals
Computing & Electronics
Consumer & Retail
Energy & Utilities
Food & Beverages
Industry & Manufacturing
Marketing & Advertising
Media
Pharma & Healthcare
Telecom
Transport
Travel & Leisure
 









Our Company

About Us
Publications By Country
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 







© Copyright 2010-17 Market Research Reports, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. M Market Research Reports and the M Market Research Reports Logo are registered trademarks of Market Research Reports, Inc.
Disclaimer: Market Research Reports, Inc. has no affiliation to, and is not associated with any other website(s) or organization(s). We offer syndicated research reports (like country analysis, SWOT analysis, competitive intelligence, industry reports, company reports and market analysis & trends reports) and custom market research from our website MarketResearchReports.com only.
If you are looking for a market research solution for your research requirements, please begin your search using the search box on top of this page or use our chat system to speak to our market research consultants or directly write to us.
 


















Sleep Apnea Alternative | CPAP Alternative for Sleep Apnea














































Skip to content



Inspire Sleep 


Deutsch
| Francais
| Nederlands
Important Safety Information
For Inspire Therapy Patients









Is Inspire Therapy Right For You?
You might be a candidate for Inspire therapy if:

you have moderate to severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea (AHI of 15 to 65)
you are unable to use or get consistent benefit from CPAP
you are not significantly overweight
you are over the age of 22

An Inspire therapy-trained doctor will also evaluate your overall health status and perform a physical examination of your airway to determine if Inspire therapy might be a suitable CPAP alternative for you.



Watch to learn if Inspire may be right for you




What to Expect With Inspire Therapy
Inspire therapy is implanted during a short surgical procedure, typically in an outpatient setting. Learn more about the procedure, and what you can expect, by watching this short video.



Watch to learn about the Inspire procedure





Find an Inspire therapy-trained doctor



Watch Inspired Lives



See how Inspire therapy works without a mask





Top 






















