
  INRXX Quote - Institutional Fiduciary Trust - Franklin Cash Reserves Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Institutional Fiduciary Trust - Franklin Cash Reserves Fund   INRXX:US      Liquidated   INRXX:US was liquidated   USD             Days to Maturity   -    Total Assets (m -) (on 09/30/2009)   123.366    Inception Date   07/01/1994                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    Days to Maturity   -    Total Assets (m -) (on 09/30/2009)   123.366    Inception Date   07/01/1994    Fund Managers   CHARLES BARTLETT JOHNSON / RUPERT HARRIS JOHNSON JR    Current Mgmt Fee   0.40%    Expense Ratio   0.69%                     Profile   Institutional Fiduciary Trust - Franklin Cash Reserves Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks to provide a high level of current income with the preservation of capital and liquidity. The Fund invests in high-quality, short-term U.S. dollar denominated money market securities of domestic and foreign issuers. The Fund is a "feeder" fund.    Address  Franklin Templeton InvestmentsOne Franklin ParkwayBuilding 9701st FloorSan Mateo, CA 94403   Phone  1-800-632-2350   Website   www.franklinresources.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  INFXX Quote - Institutional Fiduciary Trust - Money Market Portfolio Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Institutional Fiduciary Trust - Money Market Portfolio   INFXX:US   NASDAQ GM        1.00USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Days to Maturity   41    Total Assets (b -) (on 06/30/2017)   18.963    Inception Date   01/15/1985    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.66                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.66    Days to Maturity   41    Total Assets (b -) (on 06/30/2017)   18.963    Inception Date   01/15/1985    Fund Managers   CHARLES BARTLETT JOHNSON / RUPERT HARRIS JOHNSON JR    Current Mgmt Fee   0.15%    Expense Ratio   0.19%                     Profile   Institutional Fiduciary Trust - Money Market Portfolio is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA.  The Fund's objective is to provide investors with a high level of current income.  The Fund invests in high-quality, short-term U.S. dollar denominated money market securities.  The Fund is a "feeder" fund that invests through The Money Market Portfolio.    Address  Franklin Templeton InvestmentsOne Franklin ParkwayBuilding 9701st FloorSan Mateo, CA 94403   Phone  1-800-632-2350   Website   www.franklinresources.com              

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















U.S. Trust - Institutional-Philanthropy





















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Solutions for Nonprofit Organizations
Your Success Is Our Mission

Nonprofit organizations want to work with a team that truly understands the breadth of issues they face. These include maintaining operational efficiency and productivity while they contend with uneven markets, growing competition for donations, increased fiduciary requirements and other challenges.
U.S. Trust has decades of experience navigating these and many other complexities that your organization may encounter. We can work with you to build an effective plan designed to help fulfill your mission. Our consultative solutions include:

Strategic planning and guidance
Administration and recordkeeping
Advisory services

With U.S. Trust, you can expect a thoughtful, thorough approach delivered by a team assembled specifically for you. We start by understanding your concerns, and then leverage our knowledge and resources to tailor an approach based on your specific mission.
U.S. Trust is experienced in serving a wide range of nonprofits across many sectors, including:

Arts, culture and humanities
Educational
Environmental and animal welfare
Health care and human services
Faith-based

Explore Our Latest Thinking For Nonprofit Organizations and Institutions



Charitable Giving — A Structured Approach
Individuals who are committed to philanthropy are motivated by a desire to have a positive impact on the organizations and causes they support.


Worth Knowing: Making Gifts of Specialty Assets Work for Your Organization
Due diligence process assists nonprofits when accepting and managing specialty assets from donors.






Institutional Investments & Philanthropic Solutions (II&PS) is part of U.S. Trust, Bank of America Corporation ("U.S. Trust"). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.") Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Trust and fiduciary services and other banking products are provided by wholly owned banking affiliates of BofA Corp., including Bank of America, N.A. 
Bank of America, N.A. makes available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of BofA Corp. 
AR-ARS79SRT-EXP-2017.10.24





Access Our Latest Research For Nonprofit Organizations









More On This Topic

The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy Executive Summary
Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy: Past Studies and Additional Materials
Philanthropic Solutions for Individuals
Institutional Investment Management 






Share:


Twitter
Facebook
Email
LinkedIn


































 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   

























 



 Evercore Agrees to Sell Its Institutional Trust and Independent Fiduciary Business to Newport Group 
         










    










 






 











 









Evercore Agrees to Sell Its Institutional Trust and Independent Fiduciary Business to Newport Group

May 09, 2017, 08:00 ET
		  		  										
						 from   Evercore 











 



















































 

 






















































 























 

 

 
 
 
 







Evercore (PRNewsFoto/Evercore)    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


 (PRNewsfoto/Evercore)    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Evercore (PRNewsFoto/Evercore)
 























 




 




 (PRNewsfoto/Evercore)
 


 
























 




 





 


NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --
Evercore (NYSE:   EVR) and Newport Group, Inc. ("Newport Group") announced today that they have entered into an agreement by which Evercore will sell the institutional trust and independent fiduciary business of its subsidiary Evercore Trust Company, N.A. to Newport Group.  Newport Group is a premier provider of retirement, insurance and consulting services. The Evercore Trust Company charter will remain with Evercore and the entity will continue providing trust and custody services to Evercore Wealth Management, Evercore's wealth management subsidiary. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Subject to a client consent process, Newport Group will acquire the client agreements, employees and other assets of the institutional trust and independent fiduciary business, which will be operated through Newport Group's New Hampshire-chartered trust company, Newport Trust Company.
Ralph Schlosstein, Evercore's President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "This transaction is part of Evercore's strategy to focus our efforts in the Investment Management sector in the U.S. on our wealth management and personal trust business. Evercore Trust Company's institutional trust and independent fiduciary business provides exceptional independent advice and service to its clients, including many of the largest companies in the U.S.  Newport Group will provide an ideal home to continue that outstanding client service."
Ciara Burnham, Chief Executive Officer of Evercore Trust Company, said, "We have built the leading institutional trust and independent fiduciary business in the country over the past eight years by focusing on our clients and investing in our team. The business is poised to continue on this impressive trajectory."
"Evercore's institutional trust and independent fiduciary business has earned the confidence and dedication of its clients through its reputation as a best-in-class service provider and is well-positioned for future growth," said Newport Group Chief Executive Officer Greg Tschider. "We look forward to growing those services under Newport Trust Company, and we welcome our new colleagues to Newport Group."
Bill Ryan, President and Chief Fiduciary Officer of Evercore Trust Company, commented, "We are very grateful for the support Evercore has given us, and are excited to continue expanding the business and client services as part of Newport Group's high quality institutional platform focused on retirement services. A combination with Newport Group will bring significant strategic benefits to our institutional trust and fiduciary clients, including access to leading investment and fiduciary consulting capabilities and to deep expertise across all aspects of retirement services."
Completion of the transaction, which is subject to a client consent process and regulatory approval, is expected to occur at the end of the third quarter of 2017.
About Evercore
Established in 1995, Evercore is a leading global independent investment banking advisory firm. Evercore advises a diverse set of investment banking clients on a wide range of transactions and issues and provides institutional investors with high quality equity research, sales and trading execution that is free of the conflicts created by proprietary activities. The Firm also offers investment management services to high net worth and institutional investors.  With 28 offices and affiliate offices in North America, Europe, South America and Asia, Evercore has the scale and strength to serve clients globally through a focused and tailored approach designed to meet their unique needs. More information about Evercore can be found on the company's website at www.evercore.com.
About Newport Group
Headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, Newport Group is a leading independent retirement services firm that helps employers – and the advisors who serve them – prepare employees for a more financially secure retirement.  The company has more than $80 billion in retirement assets under administration and more than $150 billion in corporate retirement and insurance assets. Newport Group maintains investment objectivity, fee transparency and a commitment to flexible, responsive service. Staffed by an exceptional team of more than 1,000 retirement, insurance and consulting professionals, the company provides retirement solutions tailored to the needs of employers of every size, from small businesses to the Fortune 1000.





Evercore 












Investor Contact:   


Robert B. Walsh 
Chief Financial Officer, Evercore
+1.212.857.3100 


















Business Contact:   


Ciara Burnham
Chief Executive Officer, Evercore Trust Company
+1.212.857.3160


















Media Contact:   


Dana Gorman  
Abernathy MacGregor, for Evercore 
+1.212.371.5999


















Newport Group 












Media Contact:    


Geraldine O'Brien
Vice President, Communications, Newport Group
+1.407.333.2905













 
 
 SOURCE Evercore  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.evercore.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 






















































  
















Jun 14, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: Tannon Krumpelman to Join Evercore as Senior Managing Director in the Financial Services Advisory Practice in New York




















Apr 25, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: Roopesh Shah to Join Evercore as Senior Managing Director in its Restructuring & Debt Advisory Group








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
Josh Schimmer Joins Evercore ISI Research Team














Jul 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
Evercore to Announce Second Quarter and First Half 2017 Financial...














Jul 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
Evercore Wealth Management Appoints Debora Carswell as Managing...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 





For Foundations & Endowments - Fiduciary Trust
























































For Foundations & Endowments


Fiduciary Trust is a privately-owned wealth management firm serving families, endowments and foundations, and investment advisors. For non-profit institutions, we provide investment policy development, investment management, custody, donor-advised funds and other services.
Four points that distinguish Fiduciary Trust include:






INTEGRITY:
An unconflicted, private firm with a history of integrity

130-year history of integrity and financial stability
No proprietary investment products to sell
No incentives from third-party investment managers
Privately-owned by current and former employees, directors, and clients
Free from misaligned public company pressures








EXPERTISE & EXPERIENCE:
A long history serving institutional non-profits

We have been managing institutional client assets for over half-a-century
Our institutional relationships represent some of the longest-tenured clients at the firm
Our employees serve on over 50 non-profit boards and committees
Fiduciary Trust is the recipient of numerous industry awards








DISCIPLINED INVESTING:
Proven, repeatable, and all-weather techniques

Strong risk-adjusted returns
Diversified, sophisticated investment options
Cash flow needs considered in investment decisions








PERSONAL SERVICE:
A proactive, customized approach

Clients have long-term relationships with senior professionals
25+ years’ average officer industry experience, the majority of which is at Fiduciary
Right-sized, well-resourced, nimble firm
98% annual client retention














Learn more about how we can help you
Contact














