










 




Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:17 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of September 28, 2012 Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund has been acquired by Ranson Managed Portfolio - Kansas Municipal Fund. Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of Kansas. It invests in the undervalued municipal securities that pay interest free from federal income taxes and Kansas personal income taxes. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Municipal Seven-Year Maturity Bond Index. It was formerly known as Ranson Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured...
As of September 28, 2012 Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund has been acquired by Ranson Managed Portfolio - Kansas Municipal Fund. Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of Kansas. It invests in the undervalued municipal securities that pay interest free from federal income taxes and Kansas personal income taxes. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Municipal Seven-Year Maturity Bond Index. It was formerly known as Ranson Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund. Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund was formed on November 23, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


#1 North MainMinot, ND 58703United StatesFounded in 1992



Phone: 701-852-5292

Fax: 701-857-0268








Key Executives for Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund


Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Integrity Managed Portfolios - Kansas Insured Intermediate Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:17 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in investment grade New Hampshire municipal bonds that are exempt from federal income taxes and New Hampshire state interest and dividend taxes. The fund invests in municipal bonds rated BBB- or higher and seeks to maintain an average dollar weighted portfolio maturity between 5 and 20 years. It focuses on factors like bond’s yield, price, credit quality, and future prospects to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against th...
Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in investment grade New Hampshire municipal bonds that are exempt from federal income taxes and New Hampshire state interest and dividend taxes. The fund invests in municipal bonds rated BBB- or higher and seeks to maintain an average dollar weighted portfolio maturity between 5 and 20 years. It focuses on factors like bond’s yield, price, credit quality, and future prospects to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Municipal Bond Index. Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund was formed on December 31, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1 Main Street NorthMinot, ND 58703United StatesFounded in 1992



Phone: 701-852-5292

Fax: 701-852-2548

www.integrityvikingfunds.com/PortalIntegrityFunds/Default.aspx?tabindex=1&tabid=36&fund=67







Key Executives for Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund




Mr. Monte L. Avery


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Shannon Doyle Radke


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Josh Larson


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Integrity Managed Portfolios - New Hampshire Municipal Fund, please visit www.integrityvikingfunds.com/PortalIntegrityFunds/Default.aspx?tabindex=1&tabid=36&fund=67.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















About Us | PTC.






































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 





Home
About Us







About Us









PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) is a global technology provider of the leading IoT and AR platform and field-proven solutions that transform how companies create, operate, and service products.






















                                            PTC: Unlocking Physical Digital Convergence
                                        





















PTC has the most robust Internet of Things technology in the world. In 1986 we revolutionized digital 3D design, and in 1998 were first to market with Internet-based PLM. Now our leading IoT and AR platform and field-proven solutions bring together the physical and digital worlds to reinvent the way you create, operate, and service products. With PTC, global manufacturers and an ecosystem of partners and developers can capitalize on the promise of the IoT today and drive the future of innovation







PTC has the most robust Internet of Things technology in the world. In 1986 we revolutionized digital 3D design, and in 1998 we were first to market with Internet-based PLM. Now our leading IoT and AR platform and field-proven solutions bring together the physical and digital worlds to reinvent the way you create, manufacture, operate, and service products. With PTC, global manufacturers and an ecosystem of partners and developers can capitalize on the promise of the IoT today and drive the future of innovation.
 

 



Fast Facts


 
Founded in 1985, PTC employs approximately 6,000 professionals serving businesses in rapidly-evolving, globally distributed manufacturing industries worldwide.


 


Global Presence

6,000 Employees in 30 countries
1,350+ Service professionals
750+ Technology and service partners
250,000 Developers in our global ecosystem

Financial Data (non-GAAP)

$1.14 Billion FY2016 Total Revenue 
Revenue by Regions

43% Americas
37% Europe
20% Asia Pacific




Industries Served

Industrial Products
Electronics & High Tech
Government, Aerospace & Defense
Automotive
Retail & Consumer
Life Sciences

Market Segments

Computer-Aided Design (CAD)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)
Smart Manufacturing 
Service Lifecycle Management (SLM)
Internet of Things (IoT)
Augmented Reality (AR)



 
 


 


PTC History


 




Kepware Aquired 
Kepware and PTC share a common vision of helping you realize the potential of the Industrial Internet of Things.



2016


 
            



Vuforia Acquired 
The acquisition of the Vuforia™ augmented reality (AR) technology platform accelerates PTC’s strategy as a leading provider of technologies and solutions that blend the digital and physical worlds.



2015



ColdLight Acquired
The acquisition of ColdLight’s Neuron automated predictive analytics platform will enrich PTC’s technology portfolio and extend PTC’s position as a leader in the Internet of Things (IoT) market.




ThingWorx
The acquisition of ThingWorx positions PTC as a major player in the emerging Internet of Things era.
Axeda Acquired
The acquisition of Axeda allows PTC to leverage their core IoT technology to enable companies to establish secure connectivity and remotely monitor and manage a wide range of machines, sensors, and devices.




2014



Atego Acquired
The acquisition of Atego enhances PTC’s portfolio of product lifecycle management (PLM) and application lifecycle management (ALM) solutions, and strengthens PTC’s commitment to supporting its customers’ systems engineering initiatives with powerful modeling capabilities.




Enigma Acquired
The acquisition enhances PTC’s existing portfolio of service lifecycle management (SLM) solutions and further distinguishes the Company’s leadership position within the SLM market.




2013



NetIDEAS Acquired
NetIDEAS has had years of experience in managing and deploying complex enterprise applications. Companies from various industries are able to use these applications to accelerate innovation, time‐to‐market, and revenue by collaboratively developing, managing and leveraging product‐related intellectual property throughout the enterprise.



 



2012



Servigistics Acquired
Servigistics enables leading discrete manufacturers across diverse industries to successfully execute a service-led growth strategy that delivers value across the service organization and the entire enterprise.




4CS Acquired
4CS Service Suite improves service revenue and profitability by integrating warranty, service, support and service parts processes for durable goods manufacturers, distributors, suppliers and service providers.



 2011



MKS Acquired
MKS’s leading product, Integrity, is the only Software System Lifecycle Management (SSLM) solution that orchestrates all software development processes and manages all development artifacts — to provide complete visibility into product development.




Planet Metrics Acquired
Pioneering environmental impact software to help companies effectively improve environmental performance, reduce costs and mitigate risk.



 2010


 



 



 2009



Formerly Relex Software Corporation Acquired
Advanced reliability engineering software that provides key system performance metrics such as reliability, maintainability and prediction in a flexible and intuitive framework.




Synapsis Technology Acquired
Best-of-breed solution for tracking and improving the environmental performance of your products, parts, materials and suppliers.



 2008


 




CoCreate Acquired
Explicit modeling tool enables PTC to offer the industry’s most comprehensive suite of modeling solutions
LBS, Ltd. Acquired
Leader in Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) solutions for A&D and civil aviation




2007



NC Graphics Acquired
Best-in-class CAM solutions for high-speed precision machining
NetRegulus Acquired
Leading enterprise study and quality management software for medical devices




ITEDO Acquired
Leading 2D and 3D technical illustration and animation solution



 2006



Mathsoft Acquired
Industry-standard solution for engineering calculations




Aptavis Technology Corp. Acquired
PTC Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel
Arbortext Acquired
Leading technology and expertise in dynamic publishing




2005



Polyplan Technologies Acquired
Leading technology and expertise in manufacturing process management
PLM on Demand Launched
Strategic partnership with IBM acquired



 



 2003



IndustryWeek names Pro/ENGINEER "Technology of the Year"
For the second time




PTC Windchill PDMLink launched
Pure Internet architecture solution for product data management



 2002



PTC surpasses 35,000 customers

Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire Released
First CAD system to fully support Web services




PTC Windchill ProjectLink launched
Pure Internet architecture solution for project collaboration



2001


 



 



2000



Nitidus Acquired




PTC surpasses 25,000 customers



1999



DIVISION Group and Auxilium, Inc. acquired




PTC Windchill launched
First to market with Internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)



1998



Computervision acquired
InPart acquired




PTC added to S&P 500



1997


 



 



1996



Daratech names PTC World's #1 Supplier of CAD/CAM/CAE software
After only 8 years in the market




PTC cracks Fortune 500



1995



CDRS (surfacing product) acquired from Evans and Sutherland




IndustryWeek names Pro/ENGINEER "Technology of the Year"



1992



Caterpillar becomes our largest customer




Initial Public Offering (PMTC)



1989


 




Pro/ENGINEER launched
First to market with parametric, associative feature-based, solid modeling software



1988



John Deere becomes PTC's first customer



 



1985



Company founded


















 





With over 70 locations around the world, we are close to you wherever you are.
                    























X
















Portfolio Management Team -        Integrity Viking Funds
    










Please enable javascript to view this website.















                        ABOUT US 



Home


Who We Are


Portfolio Management Team


Wholesaling Team




FUNDS 

All Funds

Equity

Integrity Dividend Harvest Fund


Integrity Energized Dividend Fund


Integrity Growth & Income Fund


Williston Basin/Mid-North America Stock Fund

Municipal Bond

Kansas Municipal Fund


Maine Municipal Fund


Nebraska Municipal Fund


New Hampshire Municipal Fund


Oklahoma Municipal Fund


Viking Tax-Free Fund for Montana


Viking Tax-Free Fund for North Dakota

Corporate Bond

Integrity High Income Fund




LITERATURE & FORMS 

Fund Literature
Applications and Forms
Tax Information

Cost Basis Information


Proxy Policy and Regulatory Filings




2016 Tax Stuffer
                            



Year-End Distribution Information
                            



Distribution Schedule
                            



CONTACT US


                        ACCOUNT 


Log In




                        MORE 


Fund Literature
Applications and Forms
Tax Information

Cost Basis Information


Proxy Policy and Regulatory Filings




Year-End Distribution Information
                            



Distribution Schedule
                            


Contact Us

Log In









Portfolio Management



Shannon Radke

                            Mr. Radke has been engaged in the securities business since 1988 as a broker and later as Chief Operating Officer of Integrity Mutual Funds. Mr. Radke founded Viking Fund Management, LLC in September 1998 and has served as Senior Portfolio Manager for various funds advised by Viking Fund Management, LLC since 1999.
                        
                            Mr. Radke holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Banking and Finance from the University of North Dakota. Mr. Radke has been President of Viking Fund Management, LLC since 1998 and is currently President of Integrity Viking Funds.
                        




Monte Avery

                            Mr. Avery started in the securities business in 1981. Mr. Avery joined Integrity Mutual Funds in 1995. He has served as Senior Portfolio Manager to various funds currently advised by Viking Fund Management and previously advised by Integrity Money Management, Inc. since 1996.
                        

                            Mr. Avery holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Minot State University.
                        




Michael Morey

                            Mr. Morey joined Integrity Viking Funds in 2009. He had been a research analyst for Viking Fund Management, LLC prior to being named Co-Portfolio Manager for various funds managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC.
                        

                            Mr. Morey received a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from Minot State University. In addition to Co-Portfolio Manager of various funds,  Mr. Morey is Chief Investment Officer for Viking Fund Management, LLC.
                        




Joshua Larson

                            Mr. Larson joined Integrity Viking Funds in 2010. He had been a research analyst for Viking Fund Management, LLC prior to being named Co-Portfolio Manager for various funds managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC.
                        

                            Mr. Larson received Bachelor of Science degrees in Finance and Management from Minot State University.
                        




Trey Welstad, CFA

                            Mr. Welstad joined Integrity Viking Funds in 2012. He had been a research analyst for Viking Fund Management, LLC prior to being named Co-Portfolio Manager for various funds managed by Viking Fund Management, LLC.
                        

                            Mr. Welstad received Bachelor of Science degrees in Finance, Marketing, and Management from Minot State University.
                        




Sub-Advisors



Robert Cook, CFA

                            Mr. Cook is head of the Fixed Income High Yield Team and lead portfolio manager for JPMorgan Asset Management’s high yield total return, sub-advised mutual fund assets and absolute return credit products. In addition, he serves on the Global Macro Team which determines the firm’s fixed income views of the global economic landscape and portfolio positioning. Mr. Cook is a Portfolio Manager for Integrity High Income Fund since 2008.
                        

                            Mr. Cook earned a B.S. in finance from Indiana University. He is a CFA charter holder and a member of the Indianapolis Society of Financial Analysts.
                        




Thomas Hauser, CFA

                            Mr. Hauser is responsible for co-managing JPMAM’s high yield total return, sub-advised mutual fund assets and absolute return credit products. Mr. Hauser is a Portfolio Manager for Integrity High Income Fund since 2008.
                        

                            Mr. Hauser earned a B.S. in finance from Miami (Ohio) University.  He is a CFA charter holder and a member of the Indianapolis Society of Financial Analysts.
                        


















INTEGRITY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS - MINOT, ND - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



ND



MINOT



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            INTEGRITY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS
                                    



 





















I 


INTEGRITY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 MAIN ST N LBBY MINOT, ND 58703
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts ROBERT WALSTAD







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $140,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Data Integrity Management - Discovery and Reconciliation - Ericsson


























































Ok
				This website uses cookies. If you continue to browse the site, we assume you are fine with how we use cookies on the web.
Read More











Search freetext












Worldwide - en
   






Menu
More













One network for a million needs
Success for operators is built on a flexible and efficient infrastructure that enables millions of different use cases. Our network solutions help operators build offerings towards new value chains, support millions of different services and devices and work perfectly – where ever people want to connect.
Learn more about Networks

















Master the Digital Era with Programmable Platforms
Build an IT Platform that can help you boost both profitability and relevance in this customer-centric digital era.
Learn more about Ericsson IT

















Media – Entering the internet era of television
The emergence of the Networked Society is re-shaping all industries and empowering the consumer like never before. Mobility, broadband and cloud are the primary enablers of change where 15 billion connected; video enabled devices by 2020 will drive an appetite for video that will create unprecedented challenges and opportunities.
Learn more about Media

















Industries
The front-runners in industries like Utilities, Transport, Public Safety, Commercial & Industrial Real Estate and Mobile Financial Services, are starting to shift information and communications technologies from the backroom to the boardroom, from support act to main stage.
Learn about our Industry solutions

















Portfolio
Welcome to Ericsson portfolio with products, systems and solutions which enable communication for telecom operators, government media, utility and transport industries.
All Ericsson's offerings






















5G


5G will enable organizations to move into the new markets and build new revenue streams with radically new business models and use cases.

5G








Cloud


Cloud technologies bring unprecedented agility, efficiency and accessibility to IT environments in every industry.

Cloud








IoT


We are experts in IoT connectivity and security. Launch IoT safer, faster and more efficiently with our platform and accelerate your business.

Internet of Things










Welcome to the Networked Society
An extraordinary revolution is transforming our world. Real-time connectivity – from connected cars to personal wearables to smart grid technology – is fundamentally changing the way we innovate, collaborate, produce, govern and live sustainably.
Learn more about the Networked Society


















Close





Angola - enArgentina - es,enAustralia - enBangladesh - enBhutan - enBotswana - enBrazil - pt,enBrunei - enCameroon - en,frCanada - en,frChile - es,enChina - zh,enColombia - es,enCongo (DRC) - en,frCosta Rica - es,enCuba - enEl Salvador - enFrance - fr,enGermany - de,enGhana - enGuatemala - enHaiti - enHong Kong - enIndia - enIndonesia - enItaly - it,enIvory Coast - en,frJamaica - enJapan - en,jaKenya - enMalaysia - enMalta - enMexico - es,enMyanmar (Burma) - enNepal - enNew Zealand - enNigeria - enPanama - enParaguay - enPeru - enPhilippines - enPuerto Rico - enRussia - ru,enRwanda - enSenegal - en,frSingapore - enSouth Africa - enSpain - es,enSri Lanka - enSuriname - enSweden - sv,enSwitzerland - enTaiwan - zh,enTanzania - enThailand - enTurkey - tr,enUganda - enUkraine - enUnited States - enVenezuela - enVietnam - en 
Ericsson worldwide







Our Portfolio



Networks Solutions




Networks Products




Networks Services




IT and Cloud Solutions




IT and Cloud Products


Cloud Infrastructure


Digital Support Systems


Telecom Core






IT and Cloud Services




Media Solutions




Media Products




Media Services




Industries Solutions




Industries Products




Portfolio A-Z








						Ericsson Digital Support Systems



						Ericsson Service and Resource Orchestration



Ericsson Discovery and Reconciliation






Adaptive Inventory
Catalog Manager
Cloud Manager
Discovery and Reconciliation
Dynamic Activation
Dynamic Orchestration
Network Engineer
Order Care






Discover and compare data between any two systems, and reconcile discrepancies based on your policies, with Ericsson Discovery and Reconciliation data integrity management.



Discovery and Reconciliation Overview
Maintaining an accurate picture of what network resources you have — and how they are used — can be a real challenge. It is easy for network assets to get stranded, “lost,” or misidentified, and mistakes in one database usually spread to other systems, leading to inconsistencies that impact fulfillment and assurance processes.Our Discovery and Reconciliation is a data integrity management tool that significantly improves the accuracy of network data in inventory and other OSS/BSS systems by creating a consistent view of your network, and by combining discovery with an automatic reconciliation process that can resolve all discrepancies. The product is integrated with Adaptive Inventory.


What is Discovery and Reconciliation?
Discovery and Reconciliation compares data from various sources to keep operational data in sync with the network. It helps improve processes to prevent discrepancies from occurring in the first place. Discovery and Reconciliation features include:Discovery. Discovers physical and logical network and service data, from the network or from other systems.Discrepancy Analysis. Identifies discrepancies between any two systems, most frequently between network and inventory systems, along with scorecards to monitor the quality of operational data.Reconciliation. Recommends and executes ways to resolve identified discrepancies.Designer Studio. Enables the building of custom modules for the discovery and reconciliation between any two systems.


Why Use Discovery and Reconciliation?
Discovery and Reconciliation helps create an accurate view of your network so that you can harness all your resources to make service fulfillment responsive and profitable. Consider Discovery and Reconciliation for data integrity management if you want to:Cut costs. Eliminate costly data cleansing procedures with an automated discovery and reconciliation process, coupled with checks and balances to ensure and maintain the integrity across your OSS/BSS.Get exceptional data accuracy. Increase data accuracy to 90% or better to reduce provisioning fallout and time to repair, and to increase the overall efficiency of process automation efforts to further reduce operating expenses.Use all your resources. Recover stranded and lost assets to minimize network overbuilding and thus reduce capital expenses.Reduce revenue leakage. Make sure all your services are being billed for appropriately.Take a non-intrusive approach. Reconcile discovered data without disrupting your existing OSS/BSS.Speed time to market. Quickly enhance your data integrity management to support new services or systems with flexible customization tools.
















Downloads

Ericsson Discovery and Reconciliaton Brochure
[0.3 Mb]



























































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started


























































PTC® Integrity Lifecycle Manager - Enterprise application life-cycle management (ALM) platform - Third-Party Products & Services - MATLAB & Simulink























Third-Party Products




Third-Party Products


Third-Party Services
MathWorks









Third-Party Services




Third-Party Services


Third-Party Products
MathWorks









Search MathWorks.com




MathWorks


Third-Party Products
Third-Party Services

















Third-Party Products & Services


  















Overview


Become a Partner


Search Products


Search Services
















































PTC® Integrity Lifecycle Manager
Enterprise application life-cycle management (ALM) platform
Highlights












	Provides complete traceability between models, model elements, requirements, design specifications, test cases, defects, and other life-cycle artifacts









	Ensures change control is equally applied to models, model elements, and other life-cycle artifacts









	Facilitates change communication through suspect linking and email notifications









	Enables both upstream and downstream impact analysis









	Includes models and model elements in the versioning and configuration management of other life-cycle artifacts









	Captures simulation results and reports alongside other traditional quality and test metrics








Description





 
 
 
















PTC® Integrity Lifecycle Manager is an ALM platform optimized for managing the development of software-intensive products. PTC® Integrity Lifecycle Manager coordinates and manages all activities and artifacts associated with software development—including requirements management, system design, software configuration management, change management, test management, defect management, release management, and portfolio management—across the product development life cycle.
PTC® Integrity Lifecycle Manager provides consistent capabilities across all disciplines of the product life cycle by defining hierarchies, relationships, and change management processes for numerous user-defined artifacts. The unified platform provides enterprise-class scalability, performance, and multiplatform capability to support large-scale software reuse initiatives, workflow-based collaboration, and rich mining of application activity data to deliver higher team productivity, visibility, and compliance for software engineering organizations.
With PTC® Integrity Lifecycle Manager, MATLAB® and Simulink® are an integral part of the overall application life cycle; the value of work done by design engineers is extended to and accessible by all contributors to the product. This integrated solution extends proven ALM capabilities to address the specific needs of a development process using Model-Based Design. Integrity allows modeling assets to be:

Project managed (together)
Test managed and recorded
Configuration managed (again as a coherent unit)
Leveraged (and reused) from requirements
Traced to specifications and tests
Managed in conjunction with calibration data
Secured as a corporate asset
Communicated across the technology value chain (e.g., automotive OEMs and suppliers, mobile device manufacturers and carriers)

The result is complete traceability among requirements, test cases, models, simulation results, and other assets to ensure the accuracy of designs, address design changes in the models (and test cases), and ultimately reduce development cycle times.










 
 
 









PTC

									
										Integrity Business Unit 

410 Albert St 

Waterloo, Ontario N2L 3V3 

CANADA
									
									
										Tel: 519-883-3234
http://www.ptc.com






Required Products

MATLAB
Simulink
Simulink Verification and Validation
Stateflow





Platforms

Linux
UNIX
Windows



Support

Consulting
On-site assistance



Product Type

Lifecycle Management Software



Tasks

Embedded Systems



Industries

Aerospace and Defense
Automotive
Biotech and Pharmaceutical
Consumer Electronics












			Related Connections Views:
			
				Lifecycle Management Software, 
			
				Embedded Systems, 
			
				Aerospace and Defense, 
			
				Automotive, 
			
				Biotech and Pharmaceutical, 
			
				Consumer Electronics















×







Select Your Country
Choose your country to get translated content where available and see local events and offers. Based on
							your location, we recommend that you select: .
Select 


You can also select a location from the following list:


Americas

Canada (English)
							
United States (English)
							



Europe



Belgium (English)
									
Denmark (English)
									
Deutschland (Deutsch)
									
España (Español)
									
Finland (English)
									
France (Français)
									
Ireland (English)
									
Italia (Italiano)
									
Luxembourg (English)
									




Netherlands (English)
									
Norway (English)
									
Österreich (Deutsch)
									
Portugal (English)
									
Sweden (English)
									
Switzerland
										
Deutsch

English

Français



United Kingdom (English)
									





Asia Pacific

Australia (English)
							
India (English)
							
New Zealand (English)
							
中国 (简体中文)
							
日本 (日本語)
							
한국 (한국어)
							



See all countries




















