


Insider Trading - Intermedia Partners L.P. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Intermedia Partners L.P.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-21Conversion
2016-10-255:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
9,226,420
$0
9,907,372(Direct)
View


2016-10-21Other
2016-10-255:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
8,807,037
$0
9,907,372(Direct)
View


2016-10-21Sale
2016-10-255:12 pm
2013-04-042018-04-04
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
422,092
$6
9,907,372(Indirect)
View


2016-10-21Sale
2016-10-255:12 pm
2013-04-042018-04-04
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
744,198
$6
9,907,372(Direct)
View


2016-10-21Other
2016-10-255:12 pm
2013-04-042018-04-04
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
700,522
$6
9,907,372(Direct)
View


2016-10-21Sale
2016-10-255:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
5,969,581
$0
9,907,372(Indirect)
View


2016-10-21Sale
2016-10-255:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
10,525,090
$0
9,907,372(Direct)
View


2016-10-21Other
2016-10-255:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
680,952
$0
9,907,372(Direct)
View


2016-10-21Conversion
2016-10-255:12 pm
N/AN/A
Hemisphere Media Group Inc
HMTV
Intermedia Partners Vii LpIntermedia Cine Latino LLCIntermedia Partners L.P.10% Owner
9,226,420
$0
9,907,372(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 01:19:21 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  



















 




InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:19 AM ET

Company Overview of InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



,  United States










Key Executives for InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC


InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC. Find out InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC address and contact details. View other people related to InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O INTERMEDIA PARTNERS, L.P. 405 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 48TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10174 NY




Companies related to InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001567345HEMISPHERE MEDIA GROUP, INC.4000 PONCE DE LEON BLVD., SUITE 650  CORAL GABLES 33146




InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC on the Web
Persons related to InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC - HEMISPHERE MEDIA GROUP, INC.NamePositionCityAzteca Acquisition Holdings, LLCBEVERLY HILLSAzteca Acquisition Holdings, LLCCORAL GABLESLucia  Ballas-TraynorEVP, Advertising Sales CORAL GABLESVicky  BathijaEVP CorpDev&Invest.Relations CORAL GABLESGabriel  BrenerDirector BEVERLY HILLSGabriel  BrenerDirector CORAL GABLESAeropuerto, S.A. de C.V.  CinemaCUIDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V.  Cinema10% Owner CIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.John  EngelmanDirector NEW YORKJohn  EngelmanDirector CORAL GABLESFine Capital Advisors, LLCNEW YORKFine Capital Partners, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKDebra  FineNEW YORKCraig D.  FischerChief Financial Officer CORAL GABLESAndrew  FreyDirector LITTLE ROCKGato Investments LPNEW YORKGemini Latin Holdings, LLCNEW YORKFrecuencia Modulada Television, S.A. de C.V.  GrupoCIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.Frecuencia Modulada Television, S.A. de C.V.  Grupo CIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.MVS, S.A. de C.V.  GrupoCUIDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.MVS, S.A. de C.V.  Grupo CIUDAD DE MEXICO, D.F.Ernesto Vargas  GuajardoDirector CORAL GABLESLeonardo  GuevaraSVP, Finance Cable Networks CORAL GABLESCapital Master  Hawkeye10% Owner NEW YORKHICKS MUSE FUND III INCDALLASHICKS MUSE FUND III INCDALLASHICKS MUSE GP PARTNERS III LPDALLASHICKS MUSE GP PARTNERS III LPDALLASHICKS MUSE TATE & FURST EQUITY FUND III LP DALLASHICKS MUSE TATE & FURST EQUITY FUND III LPDALLASLeo J. Jr.  HinderyDirector CORAL GABLESHM3 COINVESTORS, L.P.DALLASHM3 COINVESTORS LPDALLASHM3/GP PARTNERS, L.P.DALLASHM3 GP PARTNERS LPDALLASHSBC Trust Agreement Number 61549MEXICOInterMedia Partners, L.P.NEW YORKInterMedia Partners VII LP10% Owner NEW YORKPeter M  KernDirector BELLEVUEPeter M  KernDirector CORAL GABLESLCG HOLDINGS LLCNew YorkLCG HOLDINGS LLCNEW YORKJonathan  LennonNEW YORKLuxor Capital Group, LP10% Owner NEW YORKLuxor Capital Group, LP10% Owner NEW YORKLUXOR CAPITAL PARNTERS OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLuxor Capital Partners, LPNEW YORKLuxor Capital Partners, LPNEW YORKLUXOR CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLUXOR SPECTRUM OFFSHORE LTDGEORGE TOWNLuxor Wavefront, LPNEW YORKKAREN A  MALONEYController NEW YORKJames Marvin  McNamaraDirector LOS ANGELESJames Marvin  McNamaraDirector CORAL GABLESJOHN R  MUSEJOHN R  MUSEDALLASEric C  NeumanDirector DALLASEric C  NeumanDirector CORAL GABLESPleasant Lake Offshore Master Fund L.P.NEW YORKPleasant Lake Onshore GP LLCNEW YORKPleasant Lake Partners LLC10% Owner NEW YORKPLP MM LLCNEW YORKJose E.  RamosOfficer of Subsidiary Division CORAL GABLESAndrew S.  RosenDALLASAndrew S.  RosenDALLASRICHARD A  RUBINNEW YORKRICHARD A  RUBINNEW YORKVincent L  SaduskyDirector PROVIDENCEVincent L  SaduskyDirector CORAL GABLESAlan J.  SokolCEO, President CORAL GABLESNina C.  TasslerDirector CORAL GABLESThebes Partners Offshore, Ltd.GRAND CAYMANAlex J  TolstonEVP, Gen Counsel & Corp. Sec'y CORAL GABLESNicolas J  VallsExec. VP, Advertising Sales CORAL GABLESERIC  ZINTERHOFERDirector NEW YORK












 






 



InterMedia Partners to Merge its Spanish-language Media Companies Cinelatino, WAPA America and WAPA TV with Azteca Acquisition Corporation | Business Wire


























































InterMedia Partners to Merge its Spanish-language Media Companies 
      Cinelatino, WAPA America and WAPA TV with Azteca Acquisition Corporation




New Company Uniquely Positioned to Capitalize on Growing U.S. 
      Hispanic Population and Media Consumption


Combines Leading Spanish-Language U.S. Cable Movie Network, Broadly 
      Distributed U.S. Cable Network Serving Puerto Ricans and other Caribbean 
      Hispanics, and #1-Rated Television Network in Puerto Rico






January 23, 2013 07:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--InterMedia Partners VII, L.P. (“InterMedia”) and Azteca Acquisition 
      Corporation (OTCBB: AZTA; AZTAW; AZTAU) today announced the signing of a 
      definitive agreement under which InterMedia will merge Cine Latino, Inc. 
      (“Cinelatino”) and InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC -- which includes 
      WAPA America and WAPA TV (together, “WAPA”) -- with Azteca Acquisition 
      Corporation in a transaction valued at approximately $400 million. 
      InterMedia currently owns Cinelatino with Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de 
      C.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V., 
      and James McNamara. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media 
      Group, Inc. (“Hemisphere”), and will be the only publicly traded, 
      pure-play U.S. Hispanic TV/cable networks and content platform, managed 
      by a team of executives with exceptional Hispanic media expertise.
    


      Hemisphere will be headquartered in Miami, Florida and will include:
    


        Cinelatino, the #1 U.S. Spanish-language cable movie network, with 
        approximately 12 million subscribers across the U.S., Latin America 
        and Canada. Cinelatino boasts the largest library of current 
        Spanish-language box office hits and critical favorites;
      

        WAPA America, the leading U.S. Spanish-language cable network 
        targeting Puerto Ricans and other Caribbean Hispanics living in the 
        U.S., with over 5 million subscribers; and
      

        WAPA TV, the #1 broadcast television network and content producer in 
        Puerto Rico, with state-of-the-art facilities that produce over 60 
        hours per week of top-rated news and entertainment programming.
      


      Alan J. Sokol, Senior Partner of InterMedia, who will become CEO of 
      Hemisphere, stated, “The combination of these two companies creates a 
      powerful new presence in Hispanic media. Since InterMedia acquired WAPA 
      and Cinelatino in 2007, we have dramatically increased ratings, revenue 
      and profitability of both companies. Cinelatino has emerged as the 
      leading Spanish-language movie channel and the #2 rated U.S. Hispanic 
      cable network overall. WAPA TV has been the highest-rated television 
      network in Puerto Rico for four consecutive years and WAPA America is 
      the only network focused specifically on Puerto Ricans and other 
      Caribbean Hispanics throughout the States. I look forward to working 
      with our talented management teams to continue to build upon this 
      success as we enter this new chapter.”
    

      Gabriel Brener, CEO of Azteca Acquisition Corporation, stated, “We are 
      thrilled to be merging with and taking public these exciting, highly 
      profitable and complementary companies, which have performed 
      exceptionally under the operational and industry expertise of Alan Sokol 
      and his teams. Hemisphere will meet the growing media demands of 
      Hispanic consumers.”
    

      Peter Kern, Managing Partner of InterMedia, said, “We are delighted to 
      be partnering with Gabriel Brener to combine these premier 
      Spanish-language assets under one roof. With the U.S. Hispanic 
      population and its buying power continuing to grow at exceptional rates, 
      Hemisphere is a unique platform positioned to succeed in the most 
      dynamic market in media and represents the only way for the public to 
      invest in a pure-play Hispanic TV/cable network business.”
    

      Following the completion of the business combination, Mr. Kern will 
      serve as Chairman of Hemisphere Media Group. Mr. Kern has over 20 years 
      of experience investing in, advising and operating a variety of large 
      and small media companies. Mr. Sokol, the former COO of Telemundo, who 
      has over 18 years of experience in the television and motion picture 
      industries as an operator, advisor and investor, will serve as Chief 
      Executive Officer of Hemisphere Media Group. Craig Fischer, who worked 
      closely with Mr. Sokol at InterMedia in overseeing these companies, will 
      serve as Hemisphere Media Group’s Chief Financial Officer. Messr. Brener 
      and Sokol will become Directors of the new company.
    

Summary of Transaction


      Under the terms of the proposed business combination, Azteca, WAPA and 
      Cinelatino will each become indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of 
      Hemisphere. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
    


        each share of Azteca common stock will be converted into one share of 
        Hemisphere Class A common stock (which will be entitled to one vote 
        per share);
      

        the outstanding membership interests of WAPA and the outstanding 
        common shares of Cinelatino common stock will be converted into an 
        aggregate of 30.0 million shares of Hemisphere Class B common stock 
        (which will be entitled to ten votes per share), valued at 
        approximately $300 million, plus an additional 3.0 million shares of 
        Hemisphere Class B common stock subject to certain forfeiture 
        provisions if the market price of Hemisphere Class A common stock does 
        not reach certain levels, and $5 million in cash;
      

        250,000 shares of Azteca common stock held by certain Azteca officers 
        will be cancelled and an additional 250,000 shares held by the Azteca 
        sponsor will be subject to forfeiture if the market price of 
        Hemisphere Class A common stock does not reach certain levels; and
      

        in exchange for cash consideration, all current holders of Azteca’s 
        warrants will be asked to amend their warrants such that there will be 
        approximately 50% less Hemisphere Class A common stock issued upon 
        warrant exercise.
      


      The Hemisphere Class A common stock and Hemisphere Class B common stock 
      issued in the business combination will have the same rights and 
      obligations, except that Hemisphere Class A common stock will be 
      entitled to one vote per share while the Hemisphere Class B common stock 
      will be entitled to ten votes per share. Assuming no redemptions by 
      Azteca stockholders and no repurchases by Azteca of Azteca common stock 
      from the public stockholders, immediately following the consummation of 
      the business combination, current Azteca stockholders (including 
      Azteca’s founders) will own approximately 27% of Hemisphere and the WAPA 
      Member and Cinelatino stockholders will own, together, approximately 73% 
      of Hemisphere immediately following the closing (excluding the shares 
      subject to forfeiture provisions and Azteca warrants).
    

      Hemisphere intends to apply for listing of the shares of Hemisphere 
      Class A common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market.
    

      Azteca’s Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Merger 
      Agreement and determined that the terms of the business combination are 
      in the best interests of Azteca and its stockholders. Completion of the 
      business combination, which is expected to occur in the first quarter of 
      2013, but no later than April 6, 2013, is subject to approval by 
      Azteca’s stockholders, as well as various regulatory approvals and other 
      conditions.
    

      Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Maxim Group LLC are acting as capital 
      markets and financial advisors to Azteca Acquisition Corporation. Morgan 
      Stanley & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor to InterMedia Partners. 
      Greenberg Traurig, LLP is acting as legal advisor to Azteca Acquisition 
      Corporation, and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is acting 
      as legal advisor to InterMedia Partners. Stan Budeshtsky is acting as a 
      consultant to Azteca Acquisition Corporation.
    

The description of the business combination contained herein is only 
      a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the reference to the 
      definitive agreements relating to the transaction, copies of which will 
      be filed by Azteca with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as 
      exhibits to a Current Report on Form 8-K.


About InterMedia Partners


      Founded in 1988 by Leo Hindery Jr., InterMedia Partners, LP is premised 
      on the philosophy that by bringing extensive operating experience to 
      media private equity, the fund could drive superior returns. Over the 
      course of its seven funds, InterMedia has invested in cable television, 
      broadcast television, print, programming, and broadband opportunities. 
      InterMedia’s Senior Partners have over 50 years of operating experience 
      and, by making control investments, they are able to bring that 
      knowledge base to bear on the acquired assets.
    

About InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC


      WAPA Television, founded in 1954, is Puerto Rico’s leading broadcast 
      station with the highest primetime and full day ratings in Puerto Rico. 
      Headquartered in San Juan, WAPA Television is a full-power, independent 
      station (Ch. 4) with island-wide coverage. WAPA Television produces the 
      most local entertainment programming on the Island, and is Puerto Rico’s 
      news leader, offering over 30 hours per week of local news coverage 
      produced by the largest and most-trusted news network on the island. 
      WAPA America, the station's U.S. cable network arm, features WAPA 
      Television's news and entertainment programming and is available in over 
      5 million U.S. homes, with carriage on all major cable, satellite and 
      telco providers. For more information, visit www.wapa.tv, 
      the leading broadband news and entertainment site for Puerto Ricans.
    

About Cine Latino, Inc.


      Cinelatino is the leading Spanish-language movie channel, with over 12 
      million subscribers on major cable, satellite and telco providers in the 
      United States, Latin America and Canada. Cinelatino offers the largest 
      selection of contemporary Spanish-language blockbusters and 
      critically-acclaimed titles from Mexico, Latin America, Spain and the 
      Caribbean. Cinelatino is jointly-owned by Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de 
      C.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V., 
      InterMedia Partners and James McNamara.
    

About Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V.


      Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V. (“MVS”) was founded in 1976, and is one of the 
      largest media and telecommunications conglomerates in Mexico, with a 
      presence in television, radio and publishing. Through its subsidiaries, 
      MVS operates several cable channels in Mexico and throughout Latin 
      America. In 2008, MVS partnered with DISH Network to create DISH Mexico, 
      a satellite television service in Mexico, with currently over 1.8 
      million subscribers.
    

About Azteca Acquisition Corporation


      Azteca Acquisition Corporation is a special purpose acquisition company 
      which raised approximately $100 million in its initial public offering 
      in July 2011. Founded by Gabriel Brener and the team at Brener 
      International Group, Azteca Acquisition Corporation was formed for the 
      purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset 
      acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business 
      combination with one or more businesses. It currently has no operating 
      businesses.
    

Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release may contain certain statements about Azteca, 
      Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere that are “forward-looking statements” 
      within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
      of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release 
      may include statements about the expectations that the business 
      combination can be effected before April 6, 2013, the date by which 
      Azteca is required to consummate an initial business combination or 
      commence liquidation, the expected effects on Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA 
      and Hemisphere of the proposed business combination, the anticipated 
      timing and benefits of the business combination, the anticipated 
      standalone or combined financial results of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and 
      Hemisphere and all other statements in this document other than 
      historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or 
      followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” 
      “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” 
      “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “expect,” “positioned,” 
      “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or 
      the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements 
      are based on the current expectations of the management of Azteca, 
      Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere (as the case may be) and are subject to 
      uncertainty and changes in circumstance and involve risks and 
      uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
      those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In 
      addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are 
      subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: 
      (1) the ability to have the Registration Statement on Form S-4 declared 
      effective with sufficient time to hold a meeting of the Azteca 
      stockholders and warrantholders prior to April 6, 2013; (2) the 
      satisfaction of the conditions to the business combination and other 
      risks related to the completion of the business combination and actions 
      related thereto; (3) the ability of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and 
      Hemisphere to complete the business combination on anticipated terms and 
      schedule, including the ability to obtain stockholder or regulatory 
      approvals of the business combination and related transactions; (4) 
      risks relating to any unforeseen liabilities of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA 
      and Hemisphere; (5) the amount of redemptions made by Azteca 
      stockholders; (6) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, 
      earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial 
      condition, losses and future prospects; businesses and management 
      strategies and the expansion and growth of the operations of Azteca, 
      Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (7) Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s ability to 
      integrate successfully after the business combination and achieve 
      anticipated synergies; the risk that disruptions from the transaction 
      will harm Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s businesses; (8) Azteca’s, Cinelatino’s 
      and WAPA’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions generally; and 
      (9) other factors detailed in Azteca’s reports filed with the U.S. 
      Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including its Annual 
      Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Risk Factors.” Forward-looking 
      statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of 
      undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect 
      subsequent events or circumstances.
    

Additional Information


      This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the 
      solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of a 
      vote or proxy. The Business Combination will be submitted to a vote of 
      Azteca’s stockholders and the proposed amendment to the Azteca warrants, 
      which is a condition of the Business Combination, will be submitted to a 
      vote of Azteca’s warrantholders. In connection with the Business 
      Combination, Hemisphere will file a registration statement on Form S-4 
      with the SEC. Such registration statement will include a proxy statement 
      of Azteca that also constitutes a prospectus of Hemisphere, and will be 
      sent to Azteca’s stockholders and warrantholders. Stockholders and 
      warrantholders of Azteca are urged to read the proxy statement and other 
      documents filed with the SEC when they become available because they 
      will contain important information about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and 
      Hemisphere and the proposed transactions. Stockholders will be able to 
      obtain copies of these documents (when they are available) and other 
      documents filed with the SEC with respect to Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA 
      and Hemisphere free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 
      These documents (when they are available) can also be obtained free of 
      charge from Azteca upon written request to Investor Relations 
      Department, Azteca Acquisition Corporation, 421 N. Beverly Drive, Ste. 
      300, Beverly Hills, California, 90210 or by calling Azteca at 
      310-553-7009.
    

Participants in the Solicitation


      Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and certain of their respective 
      directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the 
      solicitation of proxies from Azteca stockholders and warrantholders in 
      connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. 
      Information about the directors and executive officers of Azteca may be 
      found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
      2011 filed with the SEC on March 21, 2012. Information about the 
      directors and executive officers of Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and 
      the interests of these participants in the transaction will be included 
      in the proxy statement when it becomes available.
    


Contacts

      Media:Patrick Scanlan, 212-381-1659orAzteca 
      Acquisition CorporationGabriel Brener, 310-553-7009orInterMedia 
      PartnersAnya Hoerburger, 212-503-2850
    












Contacts

      Media:Patrick Scanlan, 212-381-1659orAzteca 
      Acquisition CorporationGabriel Brener, 310-553-7009orInterMedia 
      PartnersAnya Hoerburger, 212-503-2850
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















Amendment No. 1 To Stockholders Agreement And Waiver Of Minimum Condition - Waiver Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Waiver Agreement     > AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT AND WAIVER OF MINIMUM CONDITION

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Amendment No. 1 To Stockholders Agreement And Waiver Of Minimum Condition
Waiver Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Waiver Agreement involves HEMISPHERE MEDIA GROUP, INC. | Gato Investments LP | Gemini Latin Holdings, LLC | Hemisphere Media Group, Inc | HK Capital Partners, LLC | InterMedia Hemisphere Roll-Over LP | InterMedia Partners VII, LP | Investor, IMPVII and InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC | Searchlight II HMT GP, LLC | Searchlight II HMT, LP. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT AND WAIVER OF MINIMUM CONDITION Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 10/24/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day












EXHIBIT 99.2



STRICTLY
CONFIDENTIAL

AMENDMENT NO. 1
TO



STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT
AND



WAIVER OF MINIMUM
CONDITION



This Amendment No. 1, dated as of
October 21, 2016 (this “ Amendment ”), amends,
as further set forth herein, the Stockholders Agreement, dated as
of September 6, 2016 (the “ Original SHA ”), by
and among Hemisphere Media Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
“ Company ”), Gato Investments LP, a Delaware
limited partnership (the “ Investor ”),
InterMedia Hemisphere Roll-Over L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership (the “ Rollover SPV ”), InterMedia
Partners VII, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“
IMPVII ”), Gemini Latin Holdings, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the “ General Partner
”), Peter M. Kern, an individual (“ Kern
”), and Searchlight II HMT, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership (“ Searchlight ”).



RECITALS



WHEREAS, the relevant parties
entered into the Original SHA on September 6, 2016;



WHEREAS, the Investor, IMPVII and
InterMedia Cine Latino, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“ IMCL ”) entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement (the “ Original SPA ”) on September 6,
2016;



WHEREAS, pursuant Section 2.1(c) of
the Original SPA, on October 21, 2016, IMPVII delivered the
Election Completion Notice (as defined in the Original SPA) to the
Investor and the Special Committee (as defined in the Original
SPA), and such Election Completion Notice stated that the Minimum
Condition (as defined in the Original SPA) was not satisfied
following the completion of the election process of the IMPVII
limited partners described in Section 2.1(a) of the Original SPA;
and



WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire
to amend the Original SHA as further set forth herein and in
connection therewith Investor desires to waive the Minimum
Condition (as defined in the Original SPA).



AGREEMENT



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to
be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:



ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND EFFECTIVENESS



Section 1.1                           
Definitions
.  Capitalized terms used but
not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the
Original SHA.









Section 1.2                           
Effectiveness
.  Articles II and III of this
Amendment shall be effective upon the consummation of the
Closing.  All other provisions of this Amendment are effective
as of the execution of this Amendment.



ARTICLE II
GOVERNANCE



Section 2.1                           
Definitions
:



(a)             
Section 1.1 of the Original SHA is
hereby amended by adding the following definitions
therein:



“ Economic Interest
” means, as of any date of determination, the percentage
represented by the quotient of (i) the number of Voting Securities
that are Beneficially Owned by the Investor, Searchlight or any of
Searchlight’s controlled Affiliates and (ii) the number of
all outstanding Voting Securities.



 



“ Excluded Person
” means any Person that, on October 21, 2016, holds Class B
Shares, and any Person that is a Class B Permitted Transferee (as
defined in the Certificate of Incorporation).



 



(b)             
The definition of “ Board
Designation Expiration Date ” is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following:



“ Board Designation
Expiration Date ” means the earlier to occur of (i) the
date on which the Investor Percentage Interest is less than 10%,
(ii) the date on which this Agreement is validly terminated
pursuant to Article V and (iii) the date on which
Searchlight delivers a notice to the Company to terminate its right
to nominate Searchlight Designees pursuant to Section 2.1(k)
or Section 2.1(m) .



 



Section 2.2                           
Election and Appointment of
Searchlight Designees .



(a)             
The first sentence of Section
2.1(b)(i) of the Original SHA is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following:



In connection with each annual or
special meeting of stockholders of the Company at which Class II or
Class III Directors are to be elected, or any written consent of
the stockholders of the Company pursuant to which Class II or Class
III Directors are to be elected (each such meeting or consent, an
“ Election Meeting ”), Searchlight GP shall have
the right to designate for nomination a number of Searchlight
Designees as follows: (A) (x) prior to the occurrence of a
Termination Event (as defined in the SPV LPA), if the Investor
Percentage Interest is greater than or equal to 30%, one (1)
Searchlight Designee to each of Class II and Class III, and (y)
following the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined in the
SPV LPA), if the Investor Percentage Interest is greater than or
equal to 20% and the Economic Interest is greater than or equal to
30%, one (1) Searchlight Designee to each of Class II and Class
III; (B) if at the relevant time the conditions set forth in
Section 2.1(b)(i)(A) are not satisfied but the
Investor



- 2 -







Percentage Interest is greater than
or equal to 10%, one (1) Searchlight Designee to Class III (but no
Searchlight Designee to Class II) (the occurrence of the relevant
conditions set forth in Section 2.1(b)(i)(A) ceasing to be
satisfied, a “ Designee Decrease Trigger ”); and
(C) if the Investor Percentage Interest is less than 10%, no
Searchlight Designees.



(b)             
The second sentence of Section
2.1(e) of the Original SHA is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following:



As soon as practicable, but in no
event later than two (2) Business Days, (i) following the
occurrence of a Designee Decrease Trigger, the number of
Searchlight Designees serving on the Board shall be reduced from
two (2) to one (1) and one (1) of the Searchlight Designees (as
determined by Searchlight GP) then serving on the Board shall be
deemed to have resigned in accordance with the terms of such
Searchlight Designee’s Irrevocable Resignation Letter and
(ii) following the Board Designation Expiration Date, any
Searchlight Designee or Designees then serving on the Board shall
be deemed to have resigned in accordance with the terms of such
Searchlight Designee’s Irrevocable Resignation
Letter.



 



(c)             
Exhibit A of the Original SHA is
hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with Exhibit A
attached hereto.



Section 2.3                           
Voting by Searchlight
.  The proviso at the end of
Section 2.1(j) of the Original SHA is hereby deleted in its
entirety and replaced with the following:



provided that this Section 2.1(j) shall (x) apply
to any Searchlight Additional Shares acquired in accordance with
Section 3.9(a) for so long as the Searchlight GP has the
right to nominate one or more Searchlight Designees pursuant to
this Agreement and (y) otherwise apply to Searchlight only to the
extent Searchlight has voting power over any Voting Securities and
the Searchlight GP has the right to nominate one or more
Searchlight Designees pursuant to this Agreement.



ARTICLE III
STANDSTILL AMENDMENT AND ELECTION COMPLETION



Section 3.1                           
Standstill
.



(a)             
Section 3.9(a) of the Original SHA
is hereby amended to add the following at the end
thereof:



; and provided ,
further , that notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, Searchlight and any of the Searchlight Affiliates may
offer to acquire or acquire (or propose, agree or seek permission,
to acquire), of record or beneficially, by purchase, sale or
otherwise, from any Person other than an Excluded Person,
registered Class A Shares or rights or options to acquire
registered Class A Shares (the “ Additional Searchlight
Shares ”) for so long as the aggregate ownership of
Additional Searchlight Shares (assuming, for this purpose, that
any



- 3 -







rights or options to acquire
interests in Class A Shares acquired pursuant to this proviso have
been exercised) at any particular date of determination by
Searchlight and the Searchlight Affiliates is equal to or less than
2,000,000 Additional Searchlight Shares (which number shall be
appropriately adjusted to take into account any reclassification,
recapitalization, stock split or combination, exchange or
readjustment of shares by the Company).



 



(b)             
In the parenthetical in Section
3.1(a)(ii) that reads “(excluding any Rights Plan that
applies to the acquisition of any additional Class A Shares by
Searchlight or any of its Affiliates beyond the Purchased Interests
and the Director Equity)”, the words “, the Additional
Searchlight Shares” are hereby added immediately after the
words “Purchased Interests” therein.



(c)             
A new Section 2.1(m) is hereby added
to the Original SHA, to read in its entirety as follows:



(m)             
For so long as Searchlight or any
Searchlight Affiliate has voting power over any Searchlight
Additional Shares and Searchlight GP has the right to nominate one
or more Searchlight Designees pursuant to this Section 2.1 ,
Searchlight and any such Searchlight Affiliate shall, at each
annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company at which
directors are to be elected or appointed, or any written consent of
the stockholders of the Company pursuant to which directors are to
be elected or appointed, vote all such Searchlight Additional
Shares in favor of all nominees included in the Company’s
slate of nominees to be elected or appointed at such meeting or by
such written consent in the same proportion as the vote of the
holders of the  Class A Shares




 








 





















InterMedia Partners And Azteca Acquisition Corporation To Hold Conference Call On February 6 At 11:30AM EST - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































InterMedia Partners And Azteca Acquisition Corporation To Hold Conference Call On February 6 At 11:30AM EST






Business Wire




Feb 4, 2013 6:44 PM EST













 




























































  InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation (OTCBB: AZTA; AZTAW; AZTAU) announced today that they will host a conference call to discuss the transaction announced January 23, 2013, which will merge Cine Latino, Inc. (“Cinelatino”) and InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC -- which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV (together, “WAPA”) -- with Azteca Acquisition Corporation in a transaction valued at approximately $400 million. The conference call will be held on February 6, 2013, at 11:30 AM EST.  The new combined company will be called Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. and will be the only publicly traded, pure-play U.S. Hispanic TV/cable network and content platform. The conference call will include Alan J. Sokol, Senior Partner of InterMedia, who will become CEO of Hemisphere Media Group and Gabriel Brener, CEO of Azteca Acquisition Corporation.  The call can be accessed by dialing (866) 730-5766 domestic or (857) 350-1590 international. The passcode for the call is 29694278. The presentation will be filed by each of Azteca Acquisition Corporation and Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 5, 2013 and will be available free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. A replay of the call will be available beginning at 1:30PM EST February 6, 2013 through February 13, 2013. To listen to the replay of this call, please dial (888) 286-8010 domestic or (617) 801-6888 international and enter passcode 71556304.  About InterMedia Partners  Founded in 1988 by Leo Hindery Jr., InterMedia Partners, LP is premised on the philosophy that by bringing extensive operating experience to media private equity, the fund could drive superior returns. Over the course of its seven funds, InterMedia has invested in cable television, broadcast television, print, programming, and broadband opportunities. InterMedia’s Senior Partners have over 50 years of operating experience and, by making control investments, they are able to bring that knowledge base to bear on the acquired assets.  



 








 































































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



















InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call


February 6, 2013
By Angela Sormani



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call
InterMedia Partners is merging Cine Latino and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc. InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation are hosting a conference call today to discuss the transaction.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















InterMedia Partners is merging Cine Latino and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc. InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation are hosting a conference call today to discuss the transaction.
PRESS RELEASE
InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation (OTCBB: AZTA; AZTAW; AZTAU) announced today that they will host a conference call to discuss the transaction announced January 23, 2013, which will merge Cine Latino, Inc. (“Cinelatino”) and InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC — which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV (together, “WAPA”) — with Azteca Acquisition Corporation in a transaction valued at approximately $400 million. The conference call will be held on February 6, 2013, at 11:30 AM EST. 
The new combined company will be called Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. and will be the only publicly traded, pure-play U.S. Hispanic TV/cable network and content platform. The conference call will include Alan J. Sokol, Senior Partner of InterMedia, who will become CEO of Hemisphere Media Group and Gabriel Brener, CEO of Azteca Acquisition Corporation. 
The call can be accessed by dialing (866) 730-5766 domestic or (857) 350-1590 international. The passcode for the call is 29694278. The presentation will be filed by each of Azteca Acquisition Corporation and Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 5, 2013 and will be available free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. A replay of the call will be available beginning at 1:30PM EST February 6, 2013 through February 13, 2013. To listen to the replay of this call, please dial (888) 286-8010 domestic or (617) 801-6888 international and enter passcode 71556304.  





About InterMedia Partners 
Founded in 1988 by Leo Hindery Jr., InterMedia Partners, LP is premised on the philosophy that by bringing extensive operating experience to media private equity, the fund could drive superior returns. Over the course of its seven funds, InterMedia has invested in cable television, broadcast television, print, programming, and broadband opportunities. InterMedia’s Senior Partners have over 50 years of operating experience and, by making control investments, they are able to bring that knowledge base to bear on the acquired assets. 
About InterMedia Español Holdings, LLC 
WAPA Television, founded in 1954, is Puerto Rico’s leading broadcast station with the highest primetime and full day ratings in Puerto Rico. Headquartered in San Juan, WAPA Television is a full-power, independent station (Ch. 4) with island-wide coverage. WAPA Television produces the most local entertainment programming on the Island, and is Puerto Rico’s news leader, offering over 30 hours per week of local news coverage produced by the largest and most-trusted news network on the island. WAPA America, the station’s U.S. cable network arm, features WAPA Television’s news and entertainment programming and is available in over 5 million U.S. homes, with carriage on all major cable, satellite and telco providers. For more information, visit www.wapa.tv, the leading broadband news and entertainment site for Puerto Ricans. 
About Cine Latino, Inc. 
Cinelatino is the leading Spanish-language movie channel, with over 12 million subscribers on major cable, satellite and telco providers in the United States, Latin America and Canada. Cinelatino offers the largest selection of contemporary Spanish-language blockbusters and critically-acclaimed titles from Mexico, Latin America, Spain and the Caribbean. Cinelatino is jointly-owned by Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V., InterMedia Partners and James McNamara.  





About Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V. 
Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V. (“MVS”) was founded in 1976, and is one of the largest media and telecommunications conglomerates in Mexico, with a presence in television, radio and publishing. Through its subsidiaries, MVS operates several cable channels in Mexico and throughout Latin America. In 2008, MVS partnered with DISH Network to create DISH Mexico, a satellite television service in Mexico, with currently over 1.8 million subscribers. 
About Azteca Acquisition Corporation 
Azteca Acquisition Corporation is a special purpose acquisition company which raised approximately $100 million in its initial public offering in July 2011. Founded by Gabriel Brener and the team at Brener International Group, Azteca Acquisition Corporation was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. It currently has no operating businesses. 
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release may contain certain statements about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release may include statements about the expectations that the proposed transaction can be effected before April 6, 2013, the date by which Azteca is required to consummate an initial business combination or commence liquidation, the expected effects on Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere of the proposed transaction, the anticipated timing and benefits of the proposed transaction, the anticipated standalone or combined financial results of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and all other statements in this document other than historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “expect,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere (as the case may be) and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: (1) the ability to have the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Hemisphere on January 25, 2013 declared effective by the SEC with sufficient time to hold a meeting of the Azteca stockholders and warrantholders prior to April 6, 2013; (2) the satisfaction of the conditions to the proposed transaction and other risks related to the completion of the proposed transaction and actions related thereto; (3) the ability of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere to complete the proposed transaction on anticipated terms and schedule, including the ability to obtain stockholder or regulatory approvals of the proposed transaction and related transactions; (4) risks relating to any unforeseen liabilities of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (5) the amount of redemptions made by Azteca stockholders; (6) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; businesses and management strategies and the expansion and growth of the operations of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (7) Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s ability to integrate successfully after the proposed transaction and achieve anticipated synergies; the risk that disruptions from the transaction will harm Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s businesses; (8) Azteca’s, Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions generally; and (9) other factors detailed in Azteca’s reports filed with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Risk Factors.” Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA or Hemisphere undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.  





Additional Information 
This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of a vote or proxy. The proposed merger transaction will be submitted to a vote of Azteca’s stockholders and the proposed amendment to the Azteca warrants, which is a condition of the proposed merger transaction, will be submitted to a vote of Azteca’s warrantholders. In connection with the merger transaction, Hemisphere has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC. Such registration statement includes a proxy statement of Azteca that also constitutes a prospectus of Hemisphere, and will be sent to Azteca’s stockholders and warrantholders. Stockholders and warrantholders of Azteca are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed with the SEC by Hemisphere and Azteca because they contain important information about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and the proposed transactions. Stockholders may obtain copies of these documents and other documents filed with the SEC with respect to Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These documents can also be obtained free of charge from Azteca upon written request to Investor Relations Department, Azteca Acquisition Corporation, 421 N. Beverly Drive, Ste. 300, Beverly Hills, California, 90210 or by calling Azteca at 310-553-7009 or from Hemisphere by directing a request to Hemisphere’s Investor Relations, 2000 Ponce de Leon Boulevard, Suite 500, Coral Gables, FL 33134.  





Participants in the Solicitation 
Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Azteca stockholders and warrantholders in connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Azteca may be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on March 21, 2012 and in the proxy statement/prospectus filed by Hemisphere with the SEC on January 25, 2013. Information about the directors and executive officers of Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of the Azteca stockholders and warrantholders in connection with the proposed transaction is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus. 
Contact:
Media:
Patrick Scanlan, 212-381-1659
or
Azteca Acquisition Corporation
Gabriel Brener, 310-553-7009
or
InterMedia Partners
Anya Hoerburger, 212-503-2850
@yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Host Cine Latino Call
InterMedia Partners is merging Cine Latino and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc. InterMedia Partners and Azteca Acquisition Corporation are hosting a conference call today to discuss the transaction.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 




































InterMedia Partners Merges Cine Latino, InterMedia Espanol Holdings - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































InterMedia Partners Merges Cine Latino, InterMedia Espanol Holdings


January 23, 2013
By Staff Report
 Follow @buyouts


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
InterMedia Partners Merges Cine Latino, InterMedia Espanol Holdings
InterMedia Partners VII, L.P. is merging Cine Latino Inc. and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc., and will be based in Miami.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















InterMedia Partners VII, L.P. is merging Cine Latino Inc. and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc., and will be based in Miami.

PRESS RELEASE
InterMedia Partners VII, L.P. (“InterMedia”) and Azteca Acquisition Corporation AZTA +0.71% AZTAW -35.71% AZTAU +0.90% today announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which InterMedia will merge Cine Latino, Inc. (“Cinelatino”) and InterMedia Espanol Holdings, LLC — which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV (together, “WAPA”) — with Azteca Acquisition Corporation in a transaction valued at approximately $400 million. InterMedia currently owns Cinelatino with Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V., and James McNamara. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. (“Hemisphere”), and will be the only publicly traded, pure-play U.S. Hispanic TV/cable networks and content platform, managed by a team of executives with exceptional Hispanic media expertise.
Hemisphere will be headquartered in Miami, Florida and will include:
— Cinelatino, the #1 U.S. Spanish-language cable movie network, with approximately 12 million subscribers across the U.S., Latin America and Canada. Cinelatino boasts the largest library of current Spanish-language box office hits and critical favorites; 





— WAPA America, the leading U.S. Spanish-language cable network targeting Puerto Ricans and other Caribbean Hispanics living in the U.S., with over 5 million subscribers; and
— WAPA TV, the #1 broadcast television network and content producer in Puerto Rico, with state-of-the-art facilities that produce over 60 hours per week of top-rated news and entertainment programming.
Alan J. Sokol, Senior Partner of InterMedia, who will become CEO of Hemisphere, stated, “The combination of these two companies creates a powerful new presence in Hispanic media. Since InterMedia acquired WAPA and Cinelatino in 2007, we have dramatically increased ratings, revenue and profitability of both companies. Cinelatino has emerged as the leading Spanish-language movie channel and the #2 rated U.S. Hispanic cable network overall. WAPA TV has been the highest-rated television network in Puerto Rico for four consecutive years and WAPA America is the only network focused specifically on Puerto Ricans and other Caribbean Hispanics throughout the States. I look forward to working with our talented management teams to continue to build upon this success as we enter this new chapter.”
Gabriel Brener, CEO of Azteca Acquisition Corporation, stated, “We are thrilled to be merging with and taking public these exciting, highly profitable and complementary companies, which have performed exceptionally under the operational and industry expertise of Alan Sokol and his teams. Hemisphere will meet the growing media demands of Hispanic consumers.” 





Peter Kern, Managing Partner of InterMedia, said, “We are delighted to be partnering with Gabriel Brener to combine these premier Spanish-language assets under one roof. With the U.S. Hispanic population and its buying power continuing to grow at exceptional rates, Hemisphere is a unique platform positioned to succeed in the most dynamic market in media and represents the only way for the public to invest in a pure-play Hispanic TV/cable network business.”
Following the completion of the business combination, Mr. Kern will serve as Chairman of Hemisphere Media Group. Mr. Kern has over 20 years of experience investing in, advising and operating a variety of large and small media companies. Mr. Sokol, the former COO of Telemundo, who has over 18 years of experience in the television and motion picture industries as an operator, advisor and investor, will serve as Chief Executive Officer of Hemisphere Media Group. Craig Fischer, who worked closely with Mr. Sokol at InterMedia in overseeing these companies, will serve as Hemisphere Media Group’s Chief Financial Officer. Messr. Brener and Sokol will become Directors of the new company.
Summary of Transaction
Under the terms of the proposed business combination, Azteca, WAPA and Cinelatino will each become indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Hemisphere. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
— each share of Azteca common stock will be converted into one share of Hemisphere Class A common stock (which will be entitled to one vote per share); 





— the outstanding membership interests of WAPA and the outstanding common shares of Cinelatino common stock will be converted into an aggregate of 30.0 million shares of Hemisphere Class B common stock (which will be entitled to ten votes per share), valued at approximately $300 million, plus an additional 3.0 million shares of Hemisphere Class B common stock subject to certain forfeiture provisions if the market price of Hemisphere Class A common stock does not reach certain levels, and $5 million in cash;
— 250,000 shares of Azteca common stock held by certain Azteca officers will be cancelled and an additional 250,000 shares held by the Azteca sponsor will be subject to forfeiture if the market price of Hemisphere Class A common stock does not reach certain levels; and
— in exchange for cash consideration, all current holders of Azteca’s warrants will be asked to amend their warrants such that there will be approximately 50% less Hemisphere Class A common stock issued upon warrant exercise.
The Hemisphere Class A common stock and Hemisphere Class B common stock issued in the business combination will have the same rights and obligations, except that Hemisphere Class A common stock will be entitled to one vote per share while the Hemisphere Class B common stock will be entitled to ten votes per share. Assuming no redemptions by Azteca stockholders and no repurchases by Azteca of Azteca common stock from the public stockholders, immediately following the consummation of the business combination, current Azteca stockholders (including Azteca’s founders) will own approximately 27% of Hemisphere and the WAPA Member and Cinelatino stockholders will own, together, approximately 73% of Hemisphere immediately following the closing (excluding the shares subject to forfeiture provisions and Azteca warrants). 





Hemisphere intends to apply for listing of the shares of Hemisphere Class A common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market.
Azteca’s Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and determined that the terms of the business combination are in the best interests of Azteca and its stockholders. Completion of the business combination, which is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2013, but no later than April 6, 2013, is subject to approval by Azteca’s stockholders, as well as various regulatory approvals and other conditions.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Maxim Group LLC are acting as capital markets and financial advisors to Azteca Acquisition Corporation. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor to InterMedia Partners. Greenberg Traurig, LLP is acting as legal advisor to Azteca Acquisition Corporation, and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is acting as legal advisor to InterMedia Partners. Stan Budeshtsky is acting as a consultant to Azteca Acquisition Corporation.
The description of the business combination contained herein is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the reference to the definitive agreements relating to the transaction, copies of which will be filed by Azteca with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as exhibits to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
About InterMedia Partners
Founded in 1988 by Leo Hindery Jr., InterMedia Partners, LP is premised on the philosophy that by bringing extensive operating experience to media private equity, the fund could drive superior returns. Over the course of its seven funds, InterMedia has invested in cable television, broadcast television, print, programming, and broadband opportunities. InterMedia’s Senior Partners have over 50 years of operating experience and, by making control investments, they are able to bring that knowledge base to bear on the acquired assets. 





About InterMedia Espanol Holdings, LLC
WAPA Television, founded in 1954, is Puerto Rico’s leading broadcast station with the highest primetime and full day ratings in Puerto Rico. Headquartered in San Juan, WAPA Television is a full-power, independent station (Ch. 4) with island-wide coverage. WAPA Television produces the most local entertainment programming on the Island, and is Puerto Rico’s news leader, offering over 30 hours per week of local news coverage produced by the largest and most-trusted news network on the island. WAPA America, the station’s U.S. cable network arm, features WAPA Television’s news and entertainment programming and is available in over 5 million U.S. homes, with carriage on all major cable, satellite and telco providers. For more information, visit www.wapa.tv , the leading broadband news and entertainment site for Puerto Ricans.
About Cine Latino, Inc.
Cinelatino is the leading Spanish-language movie channel, with over 12 million subscribers on major cable, satellite and telco providers in the United States, Latin America and Canada. Cinelatino offers the largest selection of contemporary Spanish-language blockbusters and critically-acclaimed titles from Mexico, Latin America, Spain and the Caribbean. Cinelatino is jointly-owned by Cinema Aeropuerto, S.A. de C.V., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V., InterMedia Partners and James McNamara.
About Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V.
Grupo MVS, S.A. de C.V. (“MVS”) was founded in 1976, and is one of the largest media and telecommunications conglomerates in Mexico, with a presence in television, radio and publishing. Through its subsidiaries, MVS operates several cable channels in Mexico and throughout Latin America. In 2008, MVS partnered with DISH Network to create DISH Mexico, a satellite television service in Mexico, with currently over 1.8 million subscribers. 





About Azteca Acquisition Corporation
Azteca Acquisition Corporation is a special purpose acquisition company which raised approximately $100 million in its initial public offering in July 2011. Founded by Gabriel Brener and the team at Brener International Group, Azteca Acquisition Corporation was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. It currently has no operating businesses.
Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain certain statements about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release may include statements about the expectations that the business combination can be effected before April 6, 2013, the date by which Azteca is required to consummate an initial business combination or commence liquidation, the expected effects on Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere of the proposed business combination, the anticipated timing and benefits of the business combination, the anticipated standalone or combined financial results of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and all other statements in this document other than historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “expect,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere (as the case may be) and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: (1) the ability to have the Registration Statement on Form S-4 declared effective with sufficient time to hold a meeting of the Azteca stockholders and warrantholders prior to April 6, 2013; (2) the satisfaction of the conditions to the business combination and other risks related to the completion of the business combination and actions related thereto; (3) the ability of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere to complete the business combination on anticipated terms and schedule, including the ability to obtain stockholder or regulatory approvals of the business combination and related transactions; (4) risks relating to any unforeseen liabilities of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (5) the amount of redemptions made by Azteca stockholders; (6) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses and future prospects; businesses and management strategies and the expansion and growth of the operations of Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere; (7) Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s ability to integrate successfully after the business combination and achieve anticipated synergies; the risk that disruptions from the transaction will harm Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s businesses; (8) Azteca’s, Cinelatino’s and WAPA’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions generally; and (9) other factors detailed in Azteca’s reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Risk Factors.” Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 





Additional Information
This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of a vote or proxy. The Business Combination will be submitted to a vote of Azteca’s stockholders and the proposed amendment to the Azteca warrants, which is a condition of the Business Combination, will be submitted to a vote of Azteca’s warrantholders. In connection with the Business Combination, Hemisphere will file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC. Such registration statement will include a proxy statement of Azteca that also constitutes a prospectus of Hemisphere, and will be sent to Azteca’s stockholders and warrantholders. Stockholders and warrantholders of Azteca are urged to read the proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC when they become available because they will contain important information about Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and the proposed transactions. Stockholders will be able to obtain copies of these documents (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC with respect to Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . These documents (when they are available) can also be obtained free of charge from Azteca upon written request to Investor Relations Department, Azteca Acquisition Corporation, 421 N. Beverly Drive, Ste. 300, Beverly Hills, California, 90210 or by calling Azteca at 310-553-7009. 





Participants in the Solicitation
Azteca, Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Azteca stockholders and warrantholders in connection with the proposed transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Azteca may be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on March 21, 2012. Information about the directors and executive officers of Cinelatino, WAPA and Hemisphere and the interests of these participants in the transaction will be included in the proxy statement when it becomes available.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
InterMedia Partners Merges Cine Latino, InterMedia Espanol Holdings
InterMedia Partners VII, L.P. is merging Cine Latino Inc. and InterMedia Espanol Holdings with Azteca Acquisition Corp. The deal is valued at approximately $400 million. The new company will be called Hemisphere Media Group Inc., and will be based in Miami.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 


































News on Cine Latino, Inc.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        Cine Latino, Inc.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Cine Latino, Inc.











Worldwide Premiere of "El Desconocido: La Historia del Cholo Adrián," the story of the Top Hitman of World's Most Notorious Drug Lord, Exclusively on Cinelatino


                                July 25, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Cinelatino, the nation's leading Spanish-language movie channel, is set to premiere its first ...
                                









Hemisphere Media's Cinelatino and Pasiones Networks Now Available on Megacable in Mexico


                                February 3, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... cable networks business in the U.S. and Latin America, announced today that Cinelatino, and Pasiones have launched during the fourth quarter on Megacable's systems in ...
                                









Coors Light Names JoAnna Cintrón Llder of the Year; Receives $25,000 for Community Program in Denver


                                December 3, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... an honor to be chosen to represent the Denver Film Society and CineLatino as the 2015 Coors Light Líder," said JoAnna. "Coors Light is committed ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Group Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results


                                March 11, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... leadership position as Puerto Rico's #1 network for the sixth consecutive year. Cinelatino's transition to an ad-supported network remains on track for 2015. After a ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Announces Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results; Affirms 2014 Financial Guidance


                                November 12, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... the Acquired Cable Networks since April 1, 2014, and the inclusion of Cinelatino for the full nine months, as well as growth in retransmission and ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Announces Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results; Affirms 2014 Financial Guidance


                                August 12, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... of mergers pursuant to which InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC, ("WAPA"), and Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") became indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries of Hemisphere (the "Transaction"). Results ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Announces First Quarter 2014 Financial Results


                                May 7, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... of mergers pursuant to which InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC, ("WAPA"), and Cine Latino,Inc. ("Cinelatino") became indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries of Hemisphere (the "Transaction"). WAPA was ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Group Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Financial Results


                                March 10, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... position ensures its continued strong revenue performance, even in a challenging environment. Cinelatino continued to demonstrate ratings leadership across key demographics while simultaneously expanding its ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Announces Third Quarter 2013 Financial Results


                                November 13, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Espaaol Holdings, LLC, ("WAPA"), which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV, Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and Azteca Acquisition Corporation ("Azteca"), a special purpose acquisition company, ...
                                









Cinematic slap at Mexico's elite


                                August 19, 2013                                 • 
                                Los Angeles Times (6+ months)                            


                                  ... worldwide. The producers said it will be distributed in the U.S. by Cine Latino and Gussic Inc., with an opening date as early as November. ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Announces Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results


                                August 14, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Espaaol Holdings, LLC, ("WAPA"), which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV, Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and Azteca Acquisition Corporation ("Azteca"), a special purpose acquisition company, ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Announces Pro Forma First Quarter 2013 Financial Results


                                May 15, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Espaaol Holdings, LLC, ("WAPA"), which includes WAPA America and WAPA TV, Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and Azteca Acquisition Corporation ("Azteca"), a special purpose acquisition company ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Group Provides Clarification on Warrants and Shares Outstanding


                                April 29, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... of mergers in which it became the new parent company of Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino"), InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC ("WAPA") -- which includes WAPA America ...
                                









Hemisphere Media Group Created Through Combination of Azteca Acquisition Corporation, Cinelatino, WAPA America and WAPA TV


                                April 4, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... TV . Hemisphere Media Group Created Through Combination of Azteca Acquisition Corporation, Cinelatino, WAPA America and WAPA TV; Only Publicly Traded Pure-Play U.S. Spanish-Language Media ...
                                









Azteca Acquisition Corporation Sets Date for Special Meetings of Stockholders to Approve Merger with Cine Latino, Inc. and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC and of Public Warrantholders to Approve Amendment of Warrants


                                March 18, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... to approve its previously announced merger (the "Azteca Merger Proposal") with Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC ("WAPA") and the special meeting ...
                                









Azteca Acquisition Corporation Sets Date for Special Meetings of Stockholders to Approve Merger with Cine Latino, Inc. and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC and of Public Warrantholders to Approve Amendment of Warrants


                                March 18, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... to approve its previously announced merger (the "Azteca Merger Proposal") with Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC ("WAPA") and the special meeting ...
                                









Azteca Acquisition Corporation Sets Record Date for Special Meetings of Stockholders to Approve Merger with Cine Latino, Inc. and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC and of Public Warrantholders to Approve Amendment of Warrants


                                February 28, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... meeting of its stockholders to approve its previously announced merger with Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC ("WAPA"), the special meeting of ...
                                









Azteca Acquisition Corporation Sets Record Date for Special Meetings of Stockholders to Approve Merger with Cine Latino, Inc. and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC and of Public Warrantholders to Approve Amendment of Warrants


                                February 28, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... meeting of its stockholders to approve its previously announced merger with Cine Latino, Inc. ("Cinelatino") and InterMedia Espaaol Holdings, LLC ("WAPA"), the special meeting of ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Cine Latino, Inc.







Alumni of Cine Latino, Inc.







Cine Latino, Inc.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













