 



Interval Leisure Group Inc (IILG) Stock Updates and News - Fortune















































































Main Menu
Fortune.com




INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP INC


Subscribe

















Interval Leisure Group Inc iilg








Search Jobs at iilg  on Fortune Job Search.
					Jobs search enhanced by Glassdoor.
				


















Sign In








						Email address or Password is incorrect					
EMAIL/USERNAME

PASSWORD




Remember Me
Forgot Password?




Want the Full Story?
SUBSCRIBE





Get 







Email









 

Privacy Policy









Thank you for your interest in licensing Fortune content. Please find information on various licensing contacts below and choose the one that best suits your needs:

1. To license Fortune articles, excerpts, or headlines for republication in various media (including books, eBooks, film, web, newsletters, newspapers, magazines and others), please email syndication@timeinc.com.
2. To license a Fortune cover, order reprint or e-print copies of an article or cover, or license an accolade, please contact PARS International at www.timeincreprints.com.
3. To license text only photocopies of Fortunearticles as print or digital handouts in academic settings, or in academic coursepacks, please contact the Copyright Clearance Center at www.copyright.com



































































Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Momentum - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Momentum


June 29, 2012, 01:00:01 AM EDT
By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com









































Shutterstock photo



Interval Leisure Group, Inc.

(
IILG

) is currently hovering around its 52-week high of $18.91, which it
reached on June 22. This membership and leisure services company
announced strong first-quarter results on May 8, and has become a
Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy). With an expected earnings growth of
18.8% in 2012 and 31.2% in 2013, Interval Leisure Group looks to be
a solid momentum pick.


Strong First Quarter



Interval Leisure Group reported an 8.3% year-over-year growth in
total revenues to $126.7 million for the first quarter, which
exceeded the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $120 million. The healthy
top-line growth was attributable to incremental contributions from
new products and services and accretive acquisitions, as the
industry witnessed renewed optimism through inflow of new capital.



Earnings increased 17.4% year-over-year to 27 cents per share, and
was in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Adjusted EBITDA
surged 7.8% year-over-year to $47.8 million. Free cash flow
increased 30.3% for the quarter to $30.5 million.


Surge in Earnings Estimate Revisions



Over the past 60 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2012
increased 2.4% to 52 cents, implying year-over-year growth of
18.8%. For 2013, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has increased 6.7% to
$1.11 over the same period, representing year-over-year growth of
31.2%.


Premium Valuation



Interval Leisure Group's valuation metrics are at a premium on a
price-to-earnings (P/E) and price-to-sales (P/S) basis. Shares of
Interval Leisure Group are currently trading at a forward P/E of
21.94x, versus the peer group average of 12.93x. On a P/S basis,
Interval Leisure Group is currently trading at 2.38x, versus 2.33x
for the peer group average.



A stupendous earnings growth prospect in the current and ensuing
years warrants the premium valuation of the company and should
impose enough confidence in investors, given its consistent track
record of outperforming earnings estimates.


Chart Resonates Growth Potential



Since December 29, 2011, Interval Leisure Group shares have fared
relatively better than the simple moving average for 200 days, or
SMA (200). The stock has also outperformed the NASDAQ since March
9, 2012, with a year-to-date return of 35.92% compared to the
NASDAQ's 10.36%. Volume is fairly strong, averaging 218K daily.






Based in Miami, Florida, Interval Leisure Group is a premier
provider of membership and leisure services to the vacation
industry across the globe. The company offers travel and leisure
related products and services under its primary business segment
Membership and Exchange. The other business segment titled
Management and Rental provides hotel, condominium resort, timeshare
resort, and homeowners' association management. It also provides
vacation rental services to travelers and owners throughout North
America. The company presently has a market cap of $1.05 billion.



This Week's Momentum Zacks Rank Buy Stocks


Questcor Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(
QCOR

) hit its 52-week high of $54.31 on June 26 due, in part, to its
efforts to launch H.P. Acthar Gel in the lucrative rheumatology
space. This biopharmaceutical company achieved a Zacks #1 Rank
(Strong Buy) based on strong positive estimate revisions. In
addition , consecutive earnings surprises over the last four
quarters, averaging 22.6%, make this stock a solid momentum pick.

Read the full article.



Shares of
The KEYW Holding Corp.

(
KEYW

) gained significant momentum following its solid first quarter
2012 results. The company's strong bookings and increased
visibility for product offerings to the private sector are also
contributing factors. This provider of cyber security and
geospatial technology solutions is a Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)
with shares that have surged 29.43% over the last 90 days.

Read the full article.


US Airways Group Inc.

(
LCC

) beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 43.48% in the first quarter
of 2012. Earnings estimates have been moving higher since then,
making the company a Zacks #2 Rank (Buy) stock. The acquisition of
American Airlines would provide US Airways necessary scale to
challenge its large counterparts.

Read the full article.


J&J Snack Foods Corp.

(
JJSF

) reported record second-quarter earnings that came in 25.0% ahead
of the Zacks Consensus Estimate, sending shares of this nutrition
food company higher by almost 14% the day after the announcement on
April 23, 2012. Earnings estimates have been moving higher since
then, making this Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stock a solid momentum
pick.

Read the full article.




 

INTERVAL LEISUR (IILG): Free Stock Analysis
Report


 

To read this article on Zacks.com click here.


 

Zacks Investment
Research



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks
















More from Zacks.com



Subscribe





Zacks.com featured highlights: Entegris, SORL Auto Parts, Rice Midstream Partners, Interval Leisure Group and HollySys Automation Technologies
Starwood's Takeover Takes a New Turn: Anbang Drops Out
Interval Leisure Group (IILG) in Focus: Stock Adds 5.8%














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:Zacks.com
Equity Research



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.











FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »


















Interval Leisure Group, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Interval Leisure Group, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            Organization Hotels And Lodging Houses On Membership Basis
          
Region: 

FL, United States


 
  : 

|
Nasdaq: IILG


  






♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Establishment Investment Trust Plc
London, LO, GB
Establishment Investment Trust Plc is an investment company. The investment objective of the Company is to achieve long-term capital growth...







 You may also be interested in:





Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc.



Houston, TX, US
Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. engages in the exploration, development and production of natural gas and oil. It drills in...




Fidelity Japanese Values Plc



Tadworth, LO, GB
Fidelity Japanese Values PLC is a Closed-End Investment Fund/Investment Trust. As from the 1 September 2015 the Portfolio Manager is...




Groupe Pizzorno Environnement SA



Draguignan, PA, FR
Groupe Pizzorno Environnement SA manages household and industrial wastes through collection, transportation, sorting, recycling, compaction, and treatment of waste products....










×
Contact Investor Relations



Interval Leisure Group, Inc.
Investor Relations
         6262 Sunset Drive
         Miami , FL 33143
         United States
Phone:1.305.666.1861

SIC Code:
7041



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Interval Leisure Group, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 










	Market Report: Interval Leisure Group, Inc.: Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Interval Leisure Group, Inc.: Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis

     
                        Aug 10, 2016 - Canadean 
                    
                - 48 pages 
                - USD $125 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







Canadean's "Interval Leisure Group, Inc. : Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries as well as competitive benchmarking data.Key FindingsThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Interval Leisure Group, Inc.The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Canadean strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.SynopsisInterval Leisure Group, Inc., (Interval Leisure) is a provider of membership and leisure services to retail and corporate customers in the vacation industry. The company operates membership programs for vacation owners and provides value-added services to its resort developers. It also offers vacation property rental services for condominium owners, hotel owners, and homeowners' associations in North America. It delivers additional opportunities for vacation ownership exchange through its network of Trading Places International and other preferred residences networks. The company also operates exchange programs including the Hyatt Residence Club, which offers accommodation and resort facilities. Interval Leisure is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.This business intelligence report presents the key company information, essential to understanding industry challenges and competitors.The SWOT analysis identifies the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities for growth and threats. The key competitors are dissected alongside the larger challenges that the industry is facing.The company profile relays all current information about the business operations, including key employees, major products and services, company history, locations and subsidiaries alongside a supporting statement from the Chairman and Managing Director.Reasons to Get this ReportQuickly enhance your understanding of "Interval Leisure Group, Inc.Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors' businesses better.Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key HighlightsInterval Leisure Group, Inc., (Interval Leisure) is a provider of membership and leisure services to retail and corporate customers in the vacation industry. The company operates membership programs for vacation owners and provides value-added services to its resort developers. It also offers vacation property rental services for condominium owners, hotel owners, and homeowners' associations in North America. It delivers additional opportunities for vacation ownership exchange through its network of Trading Places International and other preferred residences networks. The company also operates exchange programs including the Hyatt Residence Club, which offers accommodation and resort facilities. Interval Leisure is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.
1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key Employees3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key Employees Biographies4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Major Products and Services5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - History6 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Company Statement7 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Locations and Subsidiaries7.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Head Office7.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries8 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Business Analysis8.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Company Overview8.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Business Description9 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis9.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis - Overview9.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Strengths9.2.1 Strength - Relationship with Developers9.2.2 Strength - Broad Service Offerings9.2.3 Strength - Strengthening Solvency Position9.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Weaknesses9.3.1 Weakness - Declining Profitability9.3.2 Weakness - Dependence on the US Market9.4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Opportunities9.4.1 Opportunity - Strategic Agreement9.4.2 Opportunity - Growing Global Travel and Tourism Industry9.4.3 Opportunity - Positive Outlook for the Lodging Industry in the US9.5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Threats9.5.1 Threat - Unforeseen Circumstances9.5.2 Threat - Foreign Exchange Risks9.5.3 Threat - Intense Competition10 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Company Financial Analysis10.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators11 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Interim ratios11.1.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios11.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Financial Performance and Ratio Charts11.2.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Revenue and Operating margin11.2.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Asset and Liabilities11.2.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio11.2.4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Solvency11.2.5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Valuation11.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Competitive Benchmarking11.3.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Market Capitalization11.3.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Efficiency11.3.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Valuation11.3.4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Turnover: Inventory and Asset11.3.5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Liquidity12 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Mergers and Acquisitions and Partnerships12.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - MandA and Partnerships Strategy13 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Recent Developments14 Appendix14.1 Methodology14.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Ratio Definitions14.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key EmployeesTable 2: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key Employees BiographiesTable 3: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Major Products and ServicesTable 4: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - HistoryTable 5: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SubsidiariesTable 6: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Annual ratiosTable 7: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Interim ratiosTable 8: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Capital Market RatiosList of FiguresFigure 1: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Asset and LiabilitiesFigure 3: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Net Debt vs. Gearing RatioFigure 4: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SolvencyFigure 5: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - ValuationFigure 6: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Market CapitalizationFigure 7: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - EfficiencyFigure 8: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - ValuationFigure 9: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Turnover: Inventory and AssetFigure 10: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Liquidity
Companies Mentioned in this ReportInterval Leisure Group, Inc.
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: Single User PDF - Delivered by Email 
$125  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
Canadean is a leading supplier of information, market research and consulting services to the global beverage and beverage packaging industries. Canadean consulting provides specialist support on commercial, strategic and marketing issues to the international beverage, packaging and liquid food industries.  Significant investment has transformed all Canadean's beverage databases into interactive market analysis tools, geared to clients' annual and strategic business planning cycles.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.


























FlashRatings | Privacy














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








Privacy

          Flashratings takes the privacy of its users seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of FlashRatings.com. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact us here. 

          1.	Flashratings collects personal information when you register or when you provide such information voluntarily.

          

          2.	We use cookies and other technologies to find out how you use Flashratings.

          

          3.	Flashratings accesses information automatically when you visit our site. This information includes URL, IP-address, browser-type, language as well as date and time of your visit.

          

          4.	We don't pass on personal information to any third party beyond other Flashratings users as specified above without your explicit approval.

          

          5.	Only summarized de-personalized information is provided to third parties.

          

          6.	Personal information is used for providing services requested by the user including services with personalized content.

          

          7.	Additionally, we use your personal information for internal research in order to improve your online experience as well as our technologies and services.
        



Terms of Use

          By using this website you agree to the following terms of use:

          The content on this site, including news, quotes, data and other information, is provided by Flashratings Inc. and its third party content providers for your personal information only, and is not intended for trading purposes.

          Content on this site is not appropriate for the purposes of making a decision to carry out a transaction or trade. Nor does it provide any form of advice (investment, tax, legal) amounting to investment advice, or make any recommendations regarding particular financial instruments, investments or products.

          Neither Flashratings Inc. nor its third party content providers shall be liable for any errors, inaccuracies or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.

FLASHRATINGS INC EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OF ANY THE CONTENT PROVIDED, OR AS TO THE FITNESS OF THE INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE.


          Although Flashratings Inc. makes reasonable efforts to obtain reliable content from third parties, Flashratings Inc. does not guarantee the accuracy of or endorse the views or opinions given by any third party content provider. This site may point to other Internet sites that may be of interest to you, however Flashratings Inc. does not endorse or take responsibility for the content on such other sites.
        















INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP, INC.











Company number F08000004914
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 262590997
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/14/2008
        

Principal Address
            6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143
            


Mailing Address 6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143
        
INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP, INC. Principals

Director, i, r, e
                Nash Craig M
                 


Address
                6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143
                 



Director, i, r, e
                Marbert Jeanette E
                 


Address
                6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143
                 



Chairman, F, O, ,
                Harvey William L
                 


Address
                6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143
                 







Last Annual Reports

2015 4/22/2015
            

2015 4/22/2015
            

2014 4/11/2014
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPORATE CREATIONS NETWORK INC. (c)
        

Agent Address
                11380 PROSPERITY FARMS ROAD, PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL, 33410
                

INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP, INC. Events

1 NAME CHANGE         AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 5/3/2017
            

Description
INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP, INC. has been set up 11/14/2008 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The INTERVAL LEISURE GROUP, INC. principal adress is 6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 6262 SUNSET DRIVE, MIAMI, FL, 33143. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPORATE CREATIONS NETWORK INC. 11380 PROSPERITY FARMS ROAD, PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL, 33410.  
The company`s management are Director, i, r, e - Nash Craig M, Director, i, r, e - Marbert Jeanette E, Chairman, F, O, , - Harvey William L. The last significant event in the company history is NAME CHANGE         AMENDMENT which is dated by 5/3/2017. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/22/2015.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
INTERVAL L.G.P., INC.
INTERVAL LODGING INC.
INTERVALLO LLC
INTERVAL MANAGEMENT CORP. II
INTERVAL MANAGEMENT CORPORATION
INTERVAL MANAGEMENT GROUP














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      
















Interval Leisure Group, Inc. : Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis      





















SEARCH





		ADVANCE SEARCH










 Home 
 Company Profiles 
Interval Leisure Group, Inc. : Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis

















Interval Leisure Group, Inc. : Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis



CAN638834
48 Pages
August 2016

Company Profiles
















 

Report Overview
Table Of Contents

 

SummaryCanadeans "Interval Leisure Group, Inc. : Travel and Tourism - Company Profile, SWOT and Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries as well as competitive benchmarking data.Key FindingsThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Interval Leisure Group, Inc."The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Canadean strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.SynopsisInterval Leisure Group, Inc., (Interval Leisure) is a provider of membership and leisure services to retail and corporate customers in the vacation industry. The company operates membership programs for vacation owners and provides value-added services to its resort developers. It also offers vacation property rental services for condominium owners, hotel owners, and homeowners associations in North America. It delivers additional opportunities for vacation ownership exchange through its network of Trading Places International and other preferred residences networks. The company also operates exchange programs including the Hyatt Residence Club, which offers accommodation and resort facilities. Interval Leisure is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.- This business intelligence report presents the key company information, essential to understanding industry challenges and competitors.- The SWOT analysis identifies the companys strengths, weaknesses, opportunities for growth and threats. The key competitors are dissected alongside the larger challenges that the industry is facing. - The company profile relays all current information about the business operations, including key employees, major products and services, company history, locations and subsidiaries alongside a supporting statement from the Chairman and Managing Director.ReasonsToBuy- Quickly enhance your understanding of "Interval Leisure Group, Inc."- Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.- Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors businesses better.- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key HighlightsInterval Leisure Group, Inc., (Interval Leisure) is a provider of membership and leisure services to retail and corporate customers in the vacation industry. The company operates membership programs for vacation owners and provides value-added services to its resort developers. It also offers vacation property rental services for condominium owners, hotel owners, and homeowners associations in North America. It delivers additional opportunities for vacation ownership exchange through its network of Trading Places International and other preferred residences networks. The company also operates exchange programs including the Hyatt Residence Club, which offers accommodation and resort facilities. Interval Leisure is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.  
                  

Table Of Contents1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key Employees3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key Employees Biographies4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Major Products and Services5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - History6 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Company Statement7 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Locations and Subsidiaries7.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Head Office7.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries8 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Business Analysis8.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Company Overview8.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Business Description9 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis9.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis - Overview9.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Strengths9.2.1 Strength - Relationship with Developers9.2.2 Strength - Broad Service Offerings9.2.3 Strength - Strengthening Solvency Position9.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Weaknesses9.3.1 Weakness - Declining Profitability9.3.2 Weakness - Dependence on the US Market9.4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Opportunities9.4.1 Opportunity - Strategic Agreement9.4.2 Opportunity - Growing Global Travel and Tourism Industry9.4.3 Opportunity - Positive Outlook for the Lodging Industry in the US9.5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Threats9.5.1 Threat - Unforeseen Circumstances9.5.2 Threat - Foreign Exchange Risks9.5.3 Threat - Intense Competition10 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Company Financial Analysis10.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators11 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Interim ratios11.1.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios11.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Financial Performance and Ratio Charts11.2.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Revenue and Operating margin11.2.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Asset and Liabilities11.2.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio11.2.4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Solvency11.2.5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Valuation11.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Competitive Benchmarking11.3.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Market Capitalization11.3.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Efficiency11.3.3 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Valuation11.3.4 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Turnover: Inventory and Asset11.3.5 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Liquidity12 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Mergers and Acquisitions and Partnerships12.1 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - MandA and Partnerships Strategy13 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Recent Developments14 Appendix14.1 Methodology14.2 Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Ratio Definitions14.3 DisclaimerList Of TablesTable 1: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key EmployeesTable 2: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Key Employees BiographiesTable 3: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Major Products and ServicesTable 4: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - HistoryTable 5: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SubsidiariesTable 6: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Annual ratiosTable 7: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Interim ratiosTable 8: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Capital Market RatiosList Of FiguresFigure 1: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Asset and LiabilitiesFigure 3: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Net Debt vs. Gearing RatioFigure 4: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - SolvencyFigure 5: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - ValuationFigure 6: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Market CapitalizationFigure 7: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - EfficiencyFigure 8: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - ValuationFigure 9: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Turnover: Inventory and AssetFigure 10: Interval Leisure Group, Inc. - Liquidity 
                  

 
 









Please Select Format



   
                            Single User: US   $125 





   
                            Site User: US   $250 





   
                            Enterprise User: US   $375 




Add to Cart

Buy Now


 Enquiry About Report










 



























 



 




Submit





Need More Information
 Contact us 

                            	+ 1-800-910-6452 
                               +1-971-202-1575
                               +91 20 66346066 

                                --- or --- 
                                help@bigmarketresearch.com                            


 
 




SIMILAR MARKET STUDIES 





United States AFM Probe Market by Manufacturers, States, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022

            Atomic-force microscopy (AFM) or scanning-force microscopy (SFM) is a type of scanning probe microscopy (SPM), with demonstrated resolution on the order of fractions of a nanometer, more than 1000 times better than the optical diffraction limit. The information is gathered by "feeling" or "touching" the surface with a mechanical probe. ...
July 2017    |  $4480   |   View Details >>  



Global Feed Fats and Proteins Sales Market Report 2017

            In this report, the global Feed Fats and Proteins market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.

Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with ...
July 2017    |  $4000   |   View Details >>  



Global Feed Fats Sales Market Report 2017

            In this report, the global Feed Fats market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.

Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K ...
July 2017    |  $4000   |   View Details >>  



EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Animal Nutrition Market Report 2017

            In this report, the EMEA Animal Nutrition market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.

Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, ...
July 2017    |  $4000   |   View Details >>  




UPCOMING MARKET RESEARCH REPORTS 


 



 









2017 © Copyright Big Market Research















View Pricing >>


















Interval Leisure Group Inc - NASDAQ:IILG - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Interval Leisure Group Inc (IILG)
Follow




                                    19.18
                                

0.20
1.05




                        NASDAQ : Services
                    

Feb 21, 2017 4:00 PM EST












Prev Close
  18.98


Open
19.08


Day Low/High

                                    18.92 /
                                    19.20


52 Wk Low/High

                                    11.44 /
                                    19.46
                                


Volume
417.84K


Avg Volume 
1.19M











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
125.13M


Market Cap
2.09B


EPS
1.30


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            5.26
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.48
                                            (2.90%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Interval Leisure Group To Launch New Corporate Identity And Change Name To ILG











Interval Leisure Group Completes Securitization Of Vacation Ownership Notes

















Panama's Megapolis Investment Group Selects Interval International's Global Exchange Network For Its New Vacation Club
Interval International, a prominent worldwide provider of vacation services and an operating business of Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG), announced the affiliation of Mega Vacations Club in Panama.

Aug 25, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Interval Leisure Group Reports Second Quarter 2016 Results
Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG) ("ILG") today announced results for the three months ended June 30, 2016.

Aug 4, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Interval International Adds Newest Marriott Vacation Club Property On Australia's Gold Coast
Interval International, a prominent worldwide provider of vacation services and an operating business of Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG), announced the addition of Marriott Vacation Club at Surfers Paradise to its...

Aug 3, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Interval Leisure Group To Participate In Credit Suisse Gaming, Leisure, Lodging And Restaurant Conference
Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG), announced today that Craig M.

Jul 27, 2016 4:30 PM EDT













'Mad Money' Lightning Round: I'm Staying Away From Zynga
Cramer wants you to buy Snyders-Lance but he's avoiding Hawaiian Electric.

Jul 22, 2016 6:00 AM EDT













Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Don't Give up on Stocks Now
Cramer says a recent survey's results are horrendous even as they are totally understandable.

Jul 21, 2016 8:07 PM EDT













Cortona Manor House & Spa In Renowned Tuscan Town Joins Interval International's Global Vacation Exchange Network
Interval International, a prominent worldwide provider of vacation services and an operating business of Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG), announced the affiliation of Cortona Manor House & Spa in Umbria, Italy.

Jul 21, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Interval Leisure Group To Announce Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results And Host Conference Call On August 4, 2016
Interval Leisure Group (NASDAQ: IILG) will release its second quarter 2016 financial results after the market closes on Thursday, August 4, 2016.

Jul 21, 2016 9:30 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ESNT, HBHC, HMY, IILG, MYCC, NEWM, PRTY, TOT, VTTI
    
Downgrades:  NBIX
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jul 15, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













Interval Leisure Group (IILG) Stock Surged Today on MKM Upgrade
Interval Leisure Group (IILG) stock rating was increased to 'buy' from 'neutral' at MKM Partners this morning.

Jul 14, 2016 4:28 PM EDT













Strong On High Volume: Interval Leisure Group (IILG)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Interval Leisure Group (IILG) as a strong on high relative volume candidate

Jul 14, 2016 10:15 AM EDT













Analysts' Actions -- Dick's Sporting Goods, Eaton, Southern, Wynn Resorts and More
Here are Thursday's top research calls, including upgrades for Dick's Sporting Goods and Southern, and downgrades for Eaton and Wynn Resorts.

Jul 14, 2016 8:09 AM EDT













Bahia Developer Affiliates Pousada Terra & Mar's Vacation Club With Interval International
Interval International, a prominent worldwide provider of vacation services and an operating business of Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG), announced the affiliation of Terra & Mar Privilege, a new vacation club in...

Jul 13, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Notable Friday Option Activity: IILG, SPA, ANIP
Looking at options trading activity among components of the Russell 3000 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Interval Leisure Group Inc , where a total volume of 27,983 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 2.8 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 120.7% of IILG's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.3 million shares.

Jul 1, 2016 3:46 PM EDT













Interval Leisure Group And Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Provide Update On Stockholder Tax Matters Related To Acquisition Of Vistana Signature Experiences
Interval Leisure Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: IILG) ("ILG") and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.

Jun 21, 2016 8:54 AM EDT













Short Interest In Interval Leisure Group Plummets 72.8%
The most recent short interest data has been released for the 05/31/2016 settlement date, which shows a 19,078,821 share decrease in total short interest for Interval Leisure Group Inc , to 7,120,100, a decrease of 72.82% since 05/13/2016. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Jun 10, 2016 2:28 PM EDT













Insider Trading Alert - ITIC, OLBK And IILG Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include ITIC, OLBK and IILG

Jun 7, 2016 12:45 PM EDT













Interval Leisure Group To Participate In Four Investor Conferences In June
Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG) today announced that Craig M.

Jun 2, 2016 4:51 PM EDT













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: LFC, OUTR, IILG
LFC OUTR IILG are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, June 03, 2016

Jun 2, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Newly Established Shanghai Xihong Vacation Club In Northeastern China Affiliates With Interval International
Interval International, a prominent worldwide provider of vacation services and an operating business of Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG), welcomes to its global exchange network the Shanghai Xihong Vacation Club in...

May 24, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













IILG: Insiders vs. Shorts
The most recent short interest data was recently released for the 03/31/2016 settlement date, and Interval Leisure Group Inc is one of the most shorted stocks of the Russell 3000, based on 8.12 "days to cover" versus the median component at 6.16. There are a number of ways to look at short data, but one metric that we find particularly useful is the "days to cover" because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares typically traded.

May 23, 2016 2:30 PM EDT













Trade-Ideas: Interval Leisure Group (IILG) Is Today's "Water-Logged And Getting Wetter" Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Interval Leisure Group (IILG) as a "water-logged and getting wetter" (weak stocks crossing below support with today's range greater than 200%) candidate

May 20, 2016 9:46 AM EDT













Interval Leisure Group (IILG) Highlighted As Weak On High Volume
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Interval Leisure Group (IILG) as a weak on high relative volume candidate

May 17, 2016 10:08 AM EDT













Interval Leisure Group Increases Authorized Share Repurchase Program
Interval Leisure Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IILG) ("ILG") today announced that its Board of Directors has increased its authorized stock repurchase program to enable ILG to purchase up to a total of $100 million of its common...

May 16, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













Watch Out: Barbarians At The Gate For Interval Leisure Group (IILG)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Interval Leisure Group (IILG) as a "barbarian at the gate" (strong stocks crossing above resistance with today's range greater than 200%) candidate

May 13, 2016 4:06 PM EDT













Interval Leisure Group Announces Appointment Of Four Board Members Following Closing Of Vistana Acquistion
Interval Leisure Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IILG) ( "ILG") today announced the appointment of Lizanne Galbreath, Stephen R.

May 12, 2016 6:40 AM EDT













(Graphic: Business Wire)
Interval Leisure Group, Inc. (ILG) (NASDAQ:IILG), a leading global provider of professionally delivered vacation experiences, has completed the previously announced acquisition of Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc.

May 12, 2016 6:30 AM EDT













Interval Leisure Group Reports First Quarter 2016 Results
Interval Leisure Group (Nasdaq: IILG) ("ILG") today announced results for the three months ended March 31, 2016.

May 9, 2016 4:05 PM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Oppenheimer remains bullish on Interval Leisure ahead of results

The Fly



Interval Leisure goes ex-dividend today

SeekingAlpha



Interval Leisure Group, Inc. (IILG) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for September 02, 2016

NASDAQ



Tracking Wallace Weitz's Weitz Investment Management Portfolio - Q2 2016 Update

SeekingAlpha



Interval Leisure beats by $0.12, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

SeekingAlpha



Interval Leisure upgraded to Buy, positioned to unlock value, says MKM Partners

The Fly



Interval Leisure upgraded to Buy from Neutral at MKM Partners

The Fly



Interval Leisure Group, Inc. (IILG) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 03, 2016

NASDAQ



After Hours Most Active for May 13, 2016 :  MDLZ, IILG, SYMC, QQQ, CKP, SIRI, BAC, NOK, MSFT, GE, CUBI, PFE

NASDAQ



After Hours Most Active for Apr 29, 2016 :  IILG, BAC, MWW, QQQ, PBR, AKS, EBAY, ESV, DOC, GLPI, TVIX, MSFT

NASDAQ



Interval Leisure initiated with a Neutral at MKM Partners

The Fly



Starwood's Takeover Takes a New Turn: Anbang Drops Out

Zacks



Interval Leisure initiated with an Outperform at Oppenheimer

The Fly



Interval Leisure initiated with an Outperform at Oppenheimer

The Fly


































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












Interval Leisure Group, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Interval Leisure Group, Inc.


Interval Leisure Group, Inc.

6262 Sunset Drive 
Miami FL 33143 United States
Phone: +1 305-___-____
Fax: +1 305-___-____
http://www.iilg.com





32
Managers




100
IT employees




$23.6MEST.
IT Budget




Interval Leisure Group provides membership, products and services to the vacation industry. The company was founded in 1976.

Interval Leisure Group purchased the Vacation Ownership division of Starwood Hotels in late 2015.  The business now operates as the subsidiary Vistana Signature… MoreInterval Leisure Group provides membership, products and services to the vacation industry. The company was founded in 1976.

Interval Leisure Group purchased the Vacation Ownership division of Starwood Hotels in late 2015.  The business now operates as the subsidiary Vistana Signature Experiences.
Interval Leisure Group, Inc. is overseen in conjunction by the CIO, who runs the day-to-day IT operations for the company, and the COO, who oversees IT initiatives in addition to other worldwide operations.

The company has several divisions in the department:… MoreInterval Leisure Group, Inc. is overseen in conjunction by the CIO, who runs the day-to-day IT operations for the company, and the COO, who oversees IT initiatives in addition to other worldwide operations.

The company has several divisions in the department: applications services, OIT shared services, technology services (which includes infrastructure and database design, data centers, and information security and risk) and software development.

The company is highly virtualized, and recently completed implementing VMware View 5.0 and migrated VMware from 3.5 to 4.1. Primary operating systems consist of Windows OS, UNIX, and Linux, with many Microsoft products to support systems, security, and applications. The company relies on Avaya Messaging and Blackberry for many of their telecommunications needs. The company has recently implemented and has yet to complete an upgrade from SQL to Oracle 11g.





Sector (Industry)
Services (Business Services)


Employees
5600


Revenue
$697.4M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2015-10-12
Marketing Scoop
Topic: Data Management, Marketing.
Company: Interval Leisure Group, Inc., Miami, FL
Opportunity: Experiencing pain related to dated or inaccurate data impeding the effectiveness of marketing operations and has expressed interest in evaluating solutions to address this issue in the next 6-12 months.




2015-10-08
Marketing Scoop
Topic: Email.
Company: Interval Leisure Group, Inc., Miami, FL
Opportunity: Has expressed interest in investing in email automation solutions in the next 6-12 months. 




2015-10-08
Marketing Scoop
Topic: Content Management.
Company: Interval Leisure Group, Inc., Miami, FL
Opportunity: Has expressed interest in investing in content management solutions in the next 6-12 months. 







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
Terracotta

Business Intelligence
SAP Crystal Reports

Data Modeling/Mining
Data Infrastructure

Desktop Virtualization
Citrix MetaFrame/PS

Email Hosting
GoDaddy (mail server)GoDaddy EmailMimecast (mail server)Symantec (mail server)

End User Hardware
ActiveXWindows 7Windows XP
Data Storage

Data Backup

Disaster Recovery

Enterprise Storage
NetApp FAS
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Infor CRM Epiphany

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)

Enterprise Systems Support
SAP Applications
Industry Software

eDiscovery/Case Management

Financial Trading

Professional Services Software
Interwoven Scrittura
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Marketing
Media6Degrees
Analytics

Business Intelligence
IBM HardwareSAP Crystal Reports

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server

Social Analytics
PHP
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
IBM WebSphere

Website Design
Adobe RoboHelpMicrosoft Active Directory Web ServicesMicrosoft VisioYoast
eCommerce

Mobile Commerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerOracle Marketing CloudVMWareWordPress

Social Commerce
Go Daddy (Hosting)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Mobile Application and Content Services
BlackBerry
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




George Villazon
Lead Unix and Storage Administrator
___@intervalintl.com
+1 305-___-____







Humberto Pombo
Information Security Architect
___@intervalintl.com
+1 305-___-____







Michelle Zavala
Consumer Marketing eCommerce
___@intervalintl.com
+1 305-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing









Interval Leisure Group, Inc. | Business Services | Miami, FL 33143 | Reviews, Information, Hours, Products, Costs The Way Company





























































Skip to content





The Way Company
The Growth Marketing Advisors











 









Interval Leisure Group, Inc. | Business Services | Miami, FL 33143 |

Posted on November 6, 2016 Ben Scandlen 
























Interval Leisure Group provides membership, products and services to the vacation industry. The company was founded in 1976.  Interval Leisure Group purchased the Vacation Ownership division of Starwood Hotels in late 2015.  The business now operates as the subsidiary Vistana Signature Experiences.
To view free, detailed sales intelligence about Interval Leisure Group, Inc. visit RainKing Online





 

Request More Information



Your Name








Your Phone Number (Optional)







Email Address







Anything else you would like to add?







 













Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 






















								Contact Us							




 
 





 






The Way Company


Richmond, VA
(804) 592-0082
The Way Company is an online network that grows small and medium-sized businesses by matching them with great customers through its innovative Marketing as a Service (MaaS) platform.








The Way Company 2016















Find a Great Business or Service






 All AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY



 




















Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 






















































