


Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015































| Compare 
About Us | 
Contact Us






Home
Research Category
Publisher List
Custom Research
Cart
Compare



Research Category
User Guide
Policies
Contact Us
About us
Site Map











Home > Market Research Report  > Pharmaceutical > Pharmaceutical Companies > Pharma Info









Market Research Report
Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015



Published by
Global Markets Direct
Product code
305692


Published
February 28, 2015
Content info
24 Pages 


Price








USD 1500

PDF by E-mail (Single user license)





USD 3000

PDF by E-mail (Site license)





USD 4500

PDF by E-mail (Global license)
























Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015



Published: February 28, 2015
Content info: 24 Pages














Description


Summary
Global Markets Direct's, 'Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015', provides an overview of the Intec Pharma ltd.'s pharmaceutical research and development focus.
This report provides comprehensive information on the current therapeutic developmental pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.'s, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews latest updates, and featured news and press releases, along with special features on late-stage and discontinued projects.
Global Markets Direct's report features investigational drugs from across globe covering over 20 therapy areas and nearly 3,000 indications. The report is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct's proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct's team. Drug profiles/records featured in the report undergoes periodic updation following a stringent set of processes that ensures that all the profiles are updated with the latest set of information. Additionally, processes including live news & deals tracking, browser based alert-box and clinical trials registries tracking ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.
The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products.
Note*: Certain sections in the report may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data for the indicated disease.
Scope

 The report provides brief overview of Intec Pharma ltd. including business description, key information and facts, and its locations and subsidiaries
 The report reviews current pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.'s human therapeutic division and enlists all their major and minor projects
 The report features product description and descriptive mechanism of action for key pipeline products along with the product's developmental history and major milestones
 Special feature on out-licensed and partnered product portfolio
 The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects
 Latest company statement
 Latest news and deals relating to the Intec Pharma ltd.'s pipeline products

Reasons to buy

 Evaluate Intec Pharma ltd.'s strategic position with total access to detailed information on its product pipeline
 Assess the growth potential of Intec Pharma ltd. in its therapy areas of focus
 Identify new drug targets and therapeutic classes in the Intec Pharma ltd.'s R&D portfolio and develop key strategic initiatives to reinforce pipeline in those areas
 Exploit in-licensing opportunities by identifying windows of opportunity to fill portfolio gaps
 Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of Intec Pharma ltd. and exploit collaboration and partnership opportunities
 Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage
 Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying the most promising pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.
 Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope
 Explore the dormant and discontinued projects of Intec Pharma ltd. and identify potential opportunities in those areas
 Avoid Intellectual Property Rights related issues




Table of Contents
Product Code: GMDHC06809CDBTable of Contents

Table of Contents 

List of Tables 
List of Figures 

Intec Pharma ltd. Snapshot 

Intec Pharma ltd. Overview 
Key Information 
Key Facts 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Research and Development Overview 

Key Therapeutic Areas 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Review 

Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 
Pipeline Products - Monotherapy 
Pipeline Products - Combination Treatment Modalities 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products Glance 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Clinical Stage Pipeline Products 

Phase II Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Early Stage Pipeline Products 

Preclinical Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 


Intec Pharma ltd. - Drug Profiles 

(carbidopa + levodopa) 

Product Description 
Mechanism of Action 
R&D Progress

zaleplon GR 

Product Description 
Mechanism of Action 
R&D Progress

Drugs for Undisclosed Indication 

Product Description 
Mechanism of Action 
R&D Progress


Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Analysis 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Target 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Route of Administration 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Molecule Type 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Projects 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Locations And Subsidiaries 

Head Office 

Appendix 

Methodology 
Coverage 
Secondary Research 
Primary Research 
Expert Panel Validation 
Contact Us 
Disclaimer 


List of Tables

Intec Pharma ltd., Key Information 
Intec Pharma ltd., Key Facts 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Indication, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Combination Treatment Modalities in Pipeline, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Phase II, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Preclinical, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Target, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Route of Administration, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Molecule Type, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Developmental Projects,2015 

List of Figures

Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Indication, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Target, 2015 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Top 10 Mechanism of Action, 2015 








Phone


Int'l: +1-860-674-8796
TollFree(US): +1-866-353-3335
Europe: +32-2-535-7543
Asia: +65-6223-2436


New for 2017 !

GII now purchases any market research reports from any publishers for you.  
			With noextra cost.
Contact us for more details.

FAQ


Delivery Time
User License
Payment Options
Compare Multiple Reports
















About
Contact
User Guide
Policies
Site Map



© Copyright 1997-2017, Global Information, Inc. All rights reserved.






Biopharmaceuticals Market Research Reports under Pharmaceuticals at RnR Market Research











































Advanced search


1 888 391 5441

sales@rnrmarketresearch.com


Search Market Research Reports






 Market Research Assistance+ 1-888-391-5441sales@rnrmarketresearch.comOn the Web       

Refine ResultBy DateLast MonthLast 3 MonthsLast 6 MonthsLast YearLast 2 Years
By Price< $1000$1000-$2500$2501-$4000$4001-$5500$5501-$7500$7501-$9000>$9000





Home
  >  Life Sciences  >  Pharmaceuticals  >  Biopharmaceuticals 




Biopharmaceuticals Market Research Reports 

 

Globally, the Biopharmaceuticals market is expected to drive the double digit growth rate. The Biopharma segment is more costly than traditional medications  which needs higher investments and longer development times.

The biopharmaceuticals segment addreses several therapeutic areas such as Neurology, Infectious Diseases, Cardiovascular, Oncology etc. Biopharmaceuticals is categorised into the Recombinant Proteins, Insulin, Erythropoietins, Interferons, Colony Stimulating Factors, Immunoglobulins, Recombinant Blood Factors, Growth Hormones, Recombinant Enzymes, Interleukins, Growth Factors, Monoclonal Antibodies and Purified Proteins. The  Recombinant Proteins lead the biopharmaceuticals market globally with highest percentage follwed by Monoclonal Antibodies. The Recombinant Proteins market is considered to be down in developed countries due to biosimilar entry restrictions into the market and increase in cost containment measures. The Monoclonal Antibodies market witness strong g...View More
Globally, the Biopharmaceuticals market is expected to drive the double digit growth rate. The Biopharma segment is more costly than traditional medications  which needs higher investments and longer development times.

The biopharmaceuticals segment addreses several therapeutic areas such as Neurology, Infectious Diseases, Cardiovascular, Oncology etc. Biopharmaceuticals is categorised into the Recombinant Proteins, Insulin, Erythropoietins, Interferons, Colony Stimulating Factors, Immunoglobulins, Recombinant Blood Factors, Growth Hormones, Recombinant Enzymes, Interleukins, Growth Factors, Monoclonal Antibodies and Purified Proteins. The  Recombinant Proteins lead the biopharmaceuticals market globally with highest percentage follwed by Monoclonal Antibodies. The Recombinant Proteins market is considered to be down in developed countries due to biosimilar entry restrictions into the market and increase in cost containment measures. The Monoclonal Antibodies market witness strong growth in developed and emerging economies due to rich late stage pipeline products.

The global biopharmaceutical market covers top eight regions US, Germany, Japan, France, Italy, Spain, UK and Canada also the share is increased in emerging markets such as Brazil, Russia, India, China, Mexico, Turkey and South Korea.

The biggest restraint for this market is to get market approval for its products. Out of every ten drugs, only three to four succeed to obtain concerned market approval and ones got the approval turned to be goldmines for investors.The US is the biggest geographic market witness sharp decline due to  spate of policy changes, grants and the  recent Health Care Reform Bill and AARC.

The industry drives due to its effectiveness and its ability to defend outside the reach of traditional small molecule drugs, growth of biopharma in emerging markets, approval of new products, expansion of therapeutic drugs from existing products, increase in biopharmaceutical research activity and participating in merger and acquisition activities including involvement in bio-ventures. The biopharmaceutical market is directing towards licensing deals and allainces to get benefit to enter into the newer technologies of biopharmaceutical segment.


View Less


Biopharmaceuticals Market Research Reports 

Titlepublishedprice

Global and Chinese Biopharmaceuticals Industry, 2017 Market Research ReportBy Prof Research"...... icals manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry.Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing tec......"03-Jun-2017$3000

Bio Industry Markets in ChinaBy AMID"...... er consumption and capital investment for over two decades. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry structure, marketing channels and major industry......"15-May-2017$4000

Biotechnology Products Companies in ChinaBy AMID"......  and economy. China is one of the world's major producers for industrial and consumer products. Far outpacing other economies in the world, China is the world's fastest growing market for the consumptions of goods and services. The Chinese economy ma......"15-May-2017$1800

Biotechnology Products Industry Industry Forecasts - China FocusBy AMID"...... one of the world's major producers for industrial and consumer products. Far outpacing other economies in the world, China is the world's fastest growing market for the consumptions of goods and services. The Chinese economy maintains a high speed gr......"15-May-2017$1800

EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Biochar Market Report 2017By QYResearch Group"...... enue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Biochar for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast)
- Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux;
- Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran;
- Africa: So......"04-Apr-2017$4000

Actelion Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017By Current Partnering"...... th insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to date deal and company data.

The re......"01-Apr-2017$1495

Alkermes Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017By Current Partnering"...... th insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to date deal and company data.

The re......"01-Apr-2017$1495

Amylin Pharmaceuticals Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017By Current Partnering"...... ides an in-depth insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to date deal and company data.
......"01-Apr-2017$1495

AstraZeneca Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017By Current Partnering"...... -depth insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to date deal and company data.

Th......"01-Apr-2017$1495

Biocon Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017By Current Partnering"...... h insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to date deal and company data.

The rep......"01-Apr-2017$1495
 
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | ...49 | 50next »

 








 Avail upto 25% Discount on below Publisher Reports.
   
Azoth Analytics 
Technavio













	Market Report: Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015

     
                        Feb 28, 2015 - Global Markets Direct 
                    
                - 24 pages 
                - USD $1,500 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







Global Markets Direct's, 'Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015', provides an overview of the Intec Pharma ltd.'s pharmaceutical research and development focus.This report provides comprehensive information on the current therapeutic developmental pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.'s, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews latest updates, and featured news and press releases, along with special features on late-stage and discontinued projects.Global Markets Direct's report features investigational drugs from across globe covering over 20 therapy areas and nearly 3,000 indications. The report is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct's proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct's team. Drug profiles/records featured in the report undergoes periodic updation following a stringent set of processes that ensures that all the profiles are updated with the latest set of information. Additionally, processes including live news & deals tracking, browser based alert-box and clinical trials registries tracking ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products.Note*: Certain sections in the report may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data for the indicated disease.ScopeThe report provides brief overview of Intec Pharma ltd. including business description, key information and facts, and its locations and subsidiariesThe report reviews current pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.'s human therapeutic division and enlists all their major and minor projectsThe report features product description and descriptive mechanism of action for key pipeline products along with the product's developmental history and major milestonesSpecial feature on out-licensed and partnered product portfolioThe report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projectsLatest company statementLatest news and deals relating to the Intec Pharma ltd.'s pipeline productsReasons to buyEvaluate Intec Pharma ltd.'s strategic position with total access to detailed information on its product pipelineAssess the growth potential of Intec Pharma ltd. in its therapy areas of focusIdentify new drug targets and therapeutic classes in the Intec Pharma ltd.'s R&D portfolio and develop key strategic initiatives to reinforce pipeline in those areasExploit in-licensing opportunities by identifying windows of opportunity to fill portfolio gapsDevelop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of Intec Pharma ltd. and exploit collaboration and partnership opportunitiesIdentify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantagePlan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying the most promising pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scopeExplore the dormant and discontinued projects of Intec Pharma ltd. and identify potential opportunities in those areasAvoid Intellectual Property Rights related issues
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresIntec Pharma ltd. SnapshotIntec Pharma ltd. OverviewKey InformationKey FactsIntec Pharma ltd. - Research and Development OverviewKey Therapeutic AreasIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline ReviewPipeline Products by Stage of DevelopmentPipeline Products - MonotherapyPipeline Products - Combination Treatment ModalitiesIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products GlanceIntec Pharma ltd. - Clinical Stage Pipeline ProductsPhase II Products/Combination Treatment ModalitiesIntec Pharma ltd. - Early Stage Pipeline ProductsPreclinical Products/Combination Treatment ModalitiesIntec Pharma ltd. - Drug Profiles(carbidopa + levodopa)Product DescriptionMechanism of ActionR&D Progresszaleplon GRProduct DescriptionMechanism of ActionR&D ProgressDrugs for Undisclosed IndicationProduct DescriptionMechanism of ActionR&D ProgressIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline AnalysisIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by TargetIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Route of AdministrationIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Molecule TypeIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of ActionIntec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline UpdatesIntec Pharma ltd. - Dormant ProjectsIntec Pharma ltd. - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeAppendixMethodologyCoverageSecondary ResearchPrimary ResearchExpert Panel ValidationContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesIntec Pharma ltd., Key InformationIntec Pharma ltd., Key FactsIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Indication, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Combination Treatment Modalities in Pipeline, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Phase II, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Preclinical, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Target, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Route of Administration, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Molecule Type, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Developmental Projects,2015List of FiguresIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Indication, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Target, 2015Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Top 10 Mechanism of Action, 2015
Companies Mentioned in this ReportIntec Pharma ltd.
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$1,500  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
Global Markets Direct is a leading provider of global business intelligence and market analysis. It publishes a range of high quality company and market reports created by its large research and analysis capability and drawing from its extensive unique databases of industry-specific information.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.






































 



 Intec Pharma Promotes Nadav Navon, Ph.D. to Chief Operating Officer 
         










    









 













 











 



















Intec Pharma Promotes Nadav Navon, Ph.D. to Chief Operating Officer
        																							
              











 News provided by
Intec Pharma Ltd  
Jul 27, 2017, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































JERUSALEM, July 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --
Intec Pharma Ltd. (Nasdaq, TASE: NTEC), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill™ (AP) platform technology, announces the promotion of Nadav Navon, Ph.D., Executive Vice President-Research & Development and Operations to Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately.








"Dr. Navon has been instrumental in the growth and development of Intec Pharma since he joined the team in 2006. He has an outstanding track record in operations having lead the development of the Accordion Pill through a number of important clinical studies on to our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of the Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa (AP-CD/LD) for the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease symptoms. Importantly, Dr. Navon's intricate knowledge of our AP technology platform and the numerous patents he has filed on behalf of the company will be of great value as we advance our Parkinson's program," stated Jeffrey A. Meckler, Intec Pharma's Chief Executive Officer. "As Chief Operating Officer, Dr. Navon will continue to play a key role on our senior management team, particularly in the oversight of our Israeli operations.  I look forward to continuing to work with him as we build Intec Pharma into a world class biopharmaceutical company."
Dr. Navon has been with Intec Pharma since March 2006 and has served as the Company's Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Operations since March 2015. Before that, he served as Vice President of Research & Development and Operations. Prior to joining Intec Pharma, Dr. Navon headed the analytical and quality assurance operations at Sharon Laboratories Ltd., a chemical company that develops and manufactures raw materials for the pharmaceutical, cosmetic and food industries, from 2001 to 2006. Prior to that, Dr. Navon led a number of research and development projects in the Negev's Nuclear Research Center.
Dr. Navon earned a Bachelor of Science in chemistry, a Master of Business Administration and a Ph.D. in inorganic and analytical chemistry, each from Ben-Gurion University in Beer-Sheva, Israel.
About Intec Pharma Ltd.   
Intec Pharma Ltd. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. The Company's Accordion Pill is an oral drug delivery system that is designed to improve the efficacy and safety of existing drugs and drugs in development by utilizing an efficient gastric retention and specific release mechanism. The Company's product pipeline includes two product candidates in clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, or AP-CD/LD, which is being developed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease symptoms in advanced Parkinson's disease patients and AP-CBD/THC, an Accordion Pill with the two primary cannabinoids contained in Cannabis sativa, cannabidiol (CBD) and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), which is being developed for various indications including low back neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
This press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations, beliefs and intentions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "believe", "expect", "intend", "plan", "may", "should", "could", "might", "seek", "target", "will", "project", "forecast", "continue" or "anticipate" or their negatives or variations of these words or other comparable words or by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical matters. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of management's experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and the company undertakes no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of the company's control. Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements are described in the sections titled "Risk Factors" in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and include the following: the company's ability to develop and commercialize its product candidates and obtain additional financing necessary therefor; the length, cost and uncertain results of the company's clinical trials; including uncertainty regarding the Company's ability to enroll the required number of patients therein; the potential of adverse side effects, other safety risks, or legal prohibitions on the use of certain products in certain jurisdictions that could preclude the approval of the company's drug candidates; the availability of reimbursement from government authorities and health insurance companies for the company's products; the impact of product liability lawsuits; and the influence of extensive and costly government regulation.
Contacts: Jeffrey A. Meckler Chief Executive Officer Intec Pharma +1-646-374-8050 jeffrey@intecpharma.com  
Anne Marie Fields Senior Vice President LHA Investor Relations +1-212-838-3777 afields@lhai.com 
SOURCE Intec Pharma Ltd



 













Jul 10, 2017, 08:33 ET
Preview: Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive and Vice Chairman Jeffrey A. Meckler as Chief Executive Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 10, 2017, 08:33 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive and Vice...








 

Mar 29, 2017, 07:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Intec Pharma Provides Update on Phase III ACCORDANCE Study of the...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Intec Pharma Promotes Nadav Navon, Ph.D. to Chief Operating Officer


 News provided by
Intec Pharma Ltd  
Jul 27, 2017, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015 - RnR Market Research












































Advanced search


1 888 391 5441

sales@rnrmarketresearch.com


Search Market Research Reports






 
 
﻿  Market Research Assistance+ 1-888-391-5441sales@rnrmarketresearch.com

On the Web       

Related Markets
Anesthesia DrugsBiosimilarBiopharmaceuticalsClinical TrialDietary SupplementsDietary SupplementDiseases & treatmentCancer DrugsDiabetes DrugsHypertension DrugsHIV
Related Market ReportsPharmaPoint: Parkinson's Disease - Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2022 - Event-Driven UpdateIntec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2014PharmaPoint: Parkinson's Disease - Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2022



Home  
 > Life Sciences > Pharmaceuticals > Biopharmaceuticals > Report Detail


 

Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015


Publisher Name :
Global Markets Direct
 Date: 28-Feb-2015
No. of pages: 24







Price:

Single User License: US $1500
Corporate User License: US $4500






 
Report DescriptionTable of ContentNews & BlogOther ReportsOur Offerings




Global Markets Direct's, Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015', provides an overview of the Intec Pharma ltd.'s pharmaceutical research and development focus.
This report provides comprehensive information on the current therapeutic developmental pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.'s, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews latest updates, and featured news and press releases, along with special features on late-stage and discontinued projects.
Global Markets Direct's report features investigational drugs from across globe covering over 20 therapy areas and nearly 3,000 indications. The report is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct's proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct's team. Drug profiles/records featured in the report undergoes periodic updation following a stringent set of processes that ensures that all the profiles are updated with the latest set of information. Additionally, processes including live news & deals tracking, browser based alert-box and clinical trials registries tracking ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.
The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products.
Note*: Certain sections in the report may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data for the indicated disease.
Scope

The report provides brief overview of Intec Pharma ltd. including business description, key information and facts, and its locations and subsidiaries
The report reviews current pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.'s human therapeutic division and enlists all their major and minor projects
The report features product description and descriptive mechanism of action for key pipeline products along with the product's developmental history and major milestones
Special feature on out-licensed and partnered product portfolio
The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects
Latest company statement
Latest news and deals relating to the Intec Pharma ltd.'s pipeline products

Reasons to buy

Evaluate Intec Pharma ltd.'s strategic position with total access to detailed information on its product pipeline
Assess the growth potential of Intec Pharma ltd. in its therapy areas of focus
Identify new drug targets and therapeutic classes in the Intec Pharma ltd.'s R&D portfolio and develop key strategic initiatives to reinforce pipeline in those areas
Exploit in-licensing opportunities by identifying windows of opportunity to fill portfolio gaps
Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of Intec Pharma ltd. and exploit collaboration and partnership opportunities
Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage
Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying the most promising pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.
Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope
Explore the dormant and discontinued projects of Intec Pharma ltd. and identify potential opportunities in those areas
Avoid Intellectual Property Rights related issues



Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015
Table of Contents
Table of Contents 2
List of Tables 3
List of Figures 3
Intec Pharma ltd. Snapshot 4
Intec Pharma ltd. Overview 4
Key Information 4
Key Facts 4
Intec Pharma ltd. - Research and Development Overview 5
Key Therapeutic Areas 5
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Review 7
Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 7
Pipeline Products - Monotherapy 8
Pipeline Products - Combination Treatment Modalities 9
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products Glance 10
Intec Pharma ltd. - Clinical Stage Pipeline Products 10
Phase II Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 10
Intec Pharma ltd. - Early Stage Pipeline Products 11
Preclinical Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 11
Intec Pharma ltd. - Drug Profiles 12
(carbidopa + levodopa) 12
Product Description 12
Mechanism of Action 12
R&D Progress 12
zaleplon GR 14
Product Description 14
Mechanism of Action 14
R&D Progress 14
Drugs for Undisclosed Indication 15
Product Description 15
Mechanism of Action 15
R&D Progress 15
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Analysis 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Target 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Route of Administration 17
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Molecule Type 18
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action 19
Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates 20
Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Projects 21
Intec Pharma ltd. - Locations And Subsidiaries 22
Head Office 22
Appendix 23
Methodology 23
Coverage 23
Secondary Research 23
Primary Research 23
Expert Panel Validation 23
Contact Us 23
Disclaimer 24
List of Tables
Intec Pharma ltd., Key Information 4
Intec Pharma ltd., Key Facts 4
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Indication, 2015 6
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 7
Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 8
Intec Pharma ltd. - Combination Treatment Modalities in Pipeline, 2015 9
Intec Pharma ltd. - Phase II, 2015 10
Intec Pharma ltd. - Preclinical, 2015 11
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Target, 2015 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Route of Administration, 2015 17
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Molecule Type, 2015 18
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action, 2015 19
Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates, 2015 20
Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Developmental Projects,2015 21
List of Figures
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Indication, 2015 6
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 7
Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 8
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Target, 2015 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Top 10 Mechanism of Action, 2015 19




High-speed Data Transmission And High Volume Needs Propel Fiber Optic Connectors Market Fiber optic connectors are a substantial fragment of the global telecommunication industry. Optical fibers are joined using fiber optic connectors, which allow the light conduction between two consecutive optical fibers. An additional im…Extensive Use of Digital Technologies for Diagnostic Applications To Boost Global Optical Imaging Market  The global optical imaging system market is predicted to reach US$ 3 billion by 2024. It is expected to grow at a stable rate and will post a CAGR of more than 8% in the coming years. The growing market infiltration of digital …Foremost Trends In Global Pet Care Market The global pet care market is foretold to improve in the forthcoming years as matched to the preceding years and will showcase better sales in various market segments. It is estimated that the global pet care market will grow at a CAGR o…China To Review Its Food Security Laws  China has arisen as the globe’s firmest developing economy. In addition, China brags about the biggest population pool in the world. In recent times, the one child policy in the republic was terminated. This is anticipated to upsur…Improving Standards Of Living To Boost Global Consumer Durables Market  Consumer durables is a cataloguing of consumer goods that are not essential to be bought very often as they are fashioned in a way so as to last for an extended period of time. Profits in the consumer durables sector were most profoundly…

Global and Chinese Biopharmaceuticals Industry, 2017 Market Research Report

Published:  03-Jun-2017        Price: US 3000 Onwards        Pages: 150 
The 'Global and Chinese Biopharmaceuticals Industry, 2012-2022 Market Research Report' is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Biopharmaceuticals industry with a focus on the Chinese market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Biopharmaceuticals manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry.Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including i......

Bio Industry Markets in China

Published:  15-May-2017        Price: US 4000 Onwards        Pages: 381 
China's demand for Bio Industry has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and demand will continue to grow. The Chinese economy maintains a high speed growth which has been stimulated by the consecutive increases of industrial output, imports & exports, consumer consumption and capital investment for over two decades. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry......

Biotechnology Products Companies in China

Published:  15-May-2017        Price: US 1800 Onwards        Pages: 147 
This study focuses on China's Biotechnology Products industry assessments and company profiles. In the two past decades, the industry has been growing at a fast pace. The dramatic expansions of the manufacturing capabilities and rising consumer consumptions in China have transformed China's society and economy. China is one of the world's major producers for industrial and consumer products. Far outpacing other economies in the world, China is the world's fastest growing market for the consumpti......

Biotechnology Products Industry Industry Forecasts - China Focus

Published:  15-May-2017        Price: US 1800 Onwards        Pages: 180 
This study focuses on China's Biotechnology Products industry forecasts. In the two past decades, the industry has been growing at a fast pace. The dramatic expansions of the manufacturing capabilities and rising consumer consumptions in China have transformed China's society and economy. China is one of the world's major producers for industrial and consumer products. Far outpacing other economies in the world, China is the world's fastest growing market for the consumptions of goods and servic......

EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Biochar Market Report 2017

Published:  04-Apr-2017        Price: US 4000 Onwards        Pages: 124 
In this report, the EMEA Biochar market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.

Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales (MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Biochar for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast)
- Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux;
- Middle East: Saudi ......

Actelion Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017

Published:  01-Apr-2017        Price: US 1495 Onwards        Pages: 100 
"Delivery of this report will take 1-3 days after purchase."

This report provides all the information you require to better understand Actelion and its partnering interests and activities since 2010

The Partnering Deals and Alliance since 2010 report provides an in-depth insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to ......

Alkermes Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017

Published:  01-Apr-2017        Price: US 1495 Onwards        Pages: 100 
"Delivery of this report will take 1-3 days after purchase."

This report provides all the information you require to better understand Alkermes and its partnering interests and activities since 2010

The Partnering Deals and Alliance since 2010 report provides an in-depth insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up to ......

Amylin Pharmaceuticals Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017

Published:  01-Apr-2017        Price: US 1495 Onwards        Pages: 100 
"Delivery of this report will take 1-3 days after purchase."

This report provides all the information you require to better understand Amylin Pharmaceuticals and its partnering interests and activities since 2010

The Partnering Deals and Alliance since 2010 report provides an in-depth insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of t......

AstraZeneca Partnering Deals and Alliances 2010 to 2017

Published:  01-Apr-2017        Price: US 1495 Onwards        Pages: 100 
"Delivery of this report will take 1-3 days after purchase."

This report provides all the information you require to better understand AstraZeneca and its partnering interests and activities since 2010.

The Partnering Deals and Alliance since 2010 report provides an in-depth insight into the partnering activity of one of the world's leading life sciences companies.

On demand company reports are prepared upon purchase to ensure inclusion of the most up......


SERVICES

Value for Money
We believe in "optimum utilization of available budget and resources". While servicing our clients' (your) market research requirements, we keep the same approach in focus to help you get the best value for your $$s.

Ever Growing Inventory
Ranging from the smallest feasible / required data (datasheets, data facts, SWOT analysis, company profiles, etc) to full research reports that help you make decisions, our inventory is updated almost on a daily basis with the latest industry reports from domain experts that track more than 5000 niche sectors.

One Stop Solution
Need a custom research report on medical devices market? Require all available business intelligence on 3D printing industry? Exploring F&B sector of a particular country/region? RnRMarketResearch.com is your one-stop-solution to all market intelligence needs. We not only offer custom research and consulting services, we also "bundle" reports to meet your needs and help you fetch the data analysis you require for your business.

Dedicated Client Engagement
Not limited to only "finding" relevant reports for you, our client engagement team dedicates its efforts to understand your "business need" and accordingly maps available research data to help you move forward. Call "your" client engagement executive any time of your day and get your questions answered in order to make the correct business decision.

Saving Time and Efforts
Simply share your research requirement details with us and let us do all the hard work to find required intelligence for you. When you add up our "one stop solution" and "dedicated client engagement" services mentioned above, you obviously know the time and effort saving you do by working with us.

Payment Flexibility
Working with Fortune 500 organizations, we understand the importance of being flexible for payments. Share your payment terms with us and we will surely match up to them to ensure you get access to required business intelligence data without having to wait for the payment to be done.

Post-Purchase Research Support
Have questions after reading a report / datasheet bought through us? Not sure about the methodology used for data available in the research? Talk to us / Share your questions with us and if required, we will connect you with the analyst(s)/author(s) of the report(s) and ensure you get satisfactory answers for the same. Need more data / analysis / report(s) on the topic of your research/project? The RnRMarketResearch.com team is here for you 24X7 to support you with your post-purchase requirements.
Subscription Offers & Packages (Get in touch with us for more details - sales@rnrmarketresearch.com / +1 888 391 5441 )

Ad Hoc
Pay - as - you - go / Bucket Subscriptions
Fixed Cost for #of reports
Customize / Personalize as per your needs


















 Avail upto 25% Discount on below Publisher Reports.
   
Azoth Analytics 
Technavio













	Intec Pharma Granted Patent In Hong Kong For Accordion Pill Carbidopa Levodopa













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Intec Pharma Granted Patent In Hong Kong For Accordion Pill Carbidopa / Levodopa  











Tweet








7/19/2017 7:24:14 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


JERUSALEM, July 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Intec Pharma Ltd. (NASDAQ, TASE: NTEC), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology, announces that the Patent Registry Intellectual Property Department of Hong Kong has issued a Certificate of Grant of a Hong Kong patent for an Accordion Pill containing certain drugs, including the combination of Carbidopa and Levodopa. The patent, granted under No. HK1158545, is titled "Carbidopa/Levodopa Gastroretentive Drug Delivery" and is currently scheduled to remain in force until April 2029. The patent belongs to the Company's IN-7 patent family, which already includes patents granted in the U.S., Europe, China, Japan, South Korea, South Africa and Israel."We remain committed to building out our IN-7 patent family in order to fortify our global leadership in gastric retention drug delivery with the Accordion Pill technology platform and this patent further strengthens that position," stated Jeffrey A. Meckler, Chief Executive Officer of Intec Pharma. "This Hong Kong patent secures key elements of our Accordion Pill technology platform and our leading product, the Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa (AP-CD/LD), in significant markets. The AP-CD/LD is currently in a global Phase III clinical trial in advanced Parkinson's disease and the expanded patent protection will enhance any global commercial efforts for AP-CDLD."About Intec Pharma Ltd. Intec Pharma Ltd. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. The Company's Accordion Pill is an oral drug delivery system that is designed to improve the efficacy and safety of existing drugs and drugs in development by utilizing an efficient gastric retention and specific release mechanism. The Company's product pipeline includes two product candidates in clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, or AP-CD/LD, which is being developed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease symptoms in advanced Parkinson's disease patients and AP-CBD/THC, an Accordion Pill with the two primary cannabinoids contained in Cannabis sativa, cannabidiol (CBD) and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), which is being developed for various indications including low back neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations, beliefs and intentions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "believe", "expect", "intend", "plan", "may", "should", "could", "might", "seek", "target", "will", "project", "forecast", "continue" or "anticipate" or their negatives or variations of these words or other comparable words or by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical matters. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of management's experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and the company undertakes no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of the company's control. Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements are described in the sections titled "Risk Factors" in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and include the following: the company's ability to develop and commercialize its product candidates and obtain additional financing necessary therefor; the length, cost and uncertain results of the company's clinical trials; including uncertainty regarding the Company's ability to enroll the required number of patients therein; the potential of adverse side effects, other safety risks, or legal prohibitions on the use of certain products in certain jurisdictions that could preclude the approval of the company's drug candidates; the availability of reimbursement from government authorities and health insurance companies for the company's products; the impact of product liability lawsuits; and the influence of extensive and costly government regulation.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intec-pharma-granted-patent-in-hong-kong-for-accordion-pill-carbidopa--levodopa-300490658.htmlSOURCE  Intec Pharma Ltd.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive And Vice Chairman Jeffrey A. Meckler As Chief Executive Officer  When It Comes To Abusive Drug Pricing, Don't Confuse Shkreli With Hep C Drugs  Intec Pharma CEO Resigns, Effecive Immediatly; Interim Leader Named  When The Drug You Need Doesn't Make Money  Intec Pharma Granted U.S. Patent For Accordion Pill Comprising Levodopa For Improved Treatment Of Parkinson's Diseases Symptoms  CAR-Ts Clear One Roadblock But Face Many More  Intec Pharma Provides Update On Phase III ACCORDANCE Study Of The Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa In Parkinson's Disease Patients  One FDA About-Face Doesn't Mean an Orphan-Drug Bonanza  Intec Pharma Initiates Phase I Trial Of Accordion Pill For Cannabinoid Therapies  This New Drug Could Help The U.S. Survive A Nuclear Meltdown  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Intec Pharma Ltd.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Patent News



                            •
                            Clinical - Drug Product News




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 

































    NTEC Key Statistics - Intec Pharma Ltd. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Intec Pharma Ltd.

                  NASDAQ: NTEC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Intec Pharma Ltd.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


NTEC

/quotes/zigman/55042624/composite


$
5.60




Change

+0.05
+0.90%

Volume
Volume 9,787
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/55042624/composite
Previous close

$
			5.55
		


$
				5.60
			
Change

+0.05
+0.90%





Day low
Day high
$5.45
$5.60










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.20
        

            $6.36
        

















			Company Description 


			Intec Pharma Ltd. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which focuses on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. Its product pipeline includes four product candidates in clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, which is being developed ...
		


                Intec Pharma Ltd. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which focuses on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. Its product pipeline includes four product candidates in clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, which is being developed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease symptoms in advanced Parkinson's disease patients; Accordion Pill Zaleplon, which is being developed for the treatment of insomnia, including sleep induction and the improvement of sleep maintenance; an Accordion Pill that is being developed for the prevention and treatment of gastroduodenal and small bowel Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug which induces ulcers; and AP-CBD/THC, an Accordion Pill with the two primary cannabinoids contained in Cannabis sativa, cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol, which is being developed for various indications including low back neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia. The company was founded by Zvi Joseph in 2000 and is headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-4.44


Price to Book Ratio
2.62


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-3.89

Efficiency

Income Per Employee
-915,957.00

Liquidity

Current Ratio
10.77


Quick Ratio
10.77


Cash Ratio
9.53



Profitability

Return on Assets
-42.71


Return on Equity
-45.39


Return on Total Capital
-45.39


Return on Invested Capital
-45.39

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Dr. John W. Kozarich 
65
-
Chairman



Mr. Jeffrey A. Meckler 
50
2017
Vice Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Dr. Nadav  Navon 
-
2006
Executive VP-Operations, Research & Development



Mr. Nir  Sassi 
-
-
Chief Financial Officer



Mr. Giora  Carni 
70
2006
Director & Technology Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/ntec

      MarketWatch News on NTEC
    
No News currently available for NTEC





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ntec

      Other News on NTEC
    





Israel Cannabis Startups Are Flourishing

12:31 p.m. June 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Intec expects to hit enrollment target in Q4 in late-stage study of accordion pill in Parkinson's

11:43 a.m. March 29, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





FDA OKs Newron's PD med Xadago

4:06 p.m. March 21, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – IMGN ONS SPCB BIOA

12:45 p.m. Jan. 2, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Intec Pharma teams up with Micheal J. Fox Foundation to support recruitment for AP-CD/LD study

1:44 p.m. Nov. 28, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





32 Biotechnology Stocks to Sell Now

11:30 a.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Intec Pharma cuts sample size in late-stage study of lead product candidate by almost 30%; shares up 11%

1:15 p.m. Nov. 7, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





23 Biotechnology Stocks to Sell Now

9:45 a.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – LWAY LEE SELB AGLE

4:30 p.m. Oct. 11, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – MCUR IPCI TSRO AEHR

10:15 a.m. Oct. 10, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – CRBP CHMA CRMD NBY

10:45 a.m. Oct. 5, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





3 Medical Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now

1:38 p.m. Sept. 13, 2016
 - Zacks.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – EYEG IONS HRTX ARLZ

10:30 a.m. Aug. 1, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – YECO CRR GLDC NTEC

4:15 p.m. June 17, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – CYTX NTEC CPXX RVP

4:15 p.m. May 17, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Intec Pharma's late-stage study of lead product candidate underway

1:06 p.m. April 4, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – ICPT GNCA ATI VTAE

11:45 a.m. Feb. 12, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Intec Pharma May Have a Blockbuster

11:23 p.m. Sept. 17, 2015
 - Barrons.com





Premarket Biotech Digest: GBIM Soars On Celgene Deal, Superbugs, 3D Printed Drugs

8:27 a.m. Aug. 5, 2015
 - Seeking Alpha














At a Glance

Intec Pharma Ltd.
RMPE Building
12 Hartom Street
Har Hotzvim
Jerusalem, JM 91450




Phone
972 25864657


Industry
Pharmaceuticals


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-51.29M


Employees

        56.00


Annual Report for NTEC











/news/pressrelease/company/us/ntec

      Press Releases on NTEC
    




 Intec Pharma Promotes Nadav Navon, Ph.D. to Chief Operating Officer
8:00 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Granted Patent in Hong Kong for Accordion Pill™ Carbidopa / Levodopa
8:00 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Granted Patent in Hong Kong for Accordion Pill™ Carbidopa / Levodopa
8:00 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive and Vice Chairman Jeffrey A. Meckler as Chief Executive Officer
8:33 a.m. July 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma to Participate at Upcoming June Conferences
8:49 a.m. May 31, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Intec Pharma Granted U.S. Patent for Accordion Pill™ Comprising Levodopa for Improved Treatment of Parkinson's Diseases Symptoms
8:30 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Announces CEO Change
4:00 a.m. May 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive Jeffrey A. Meckler to its Board of Directors as Vice Chairman
2:15 a.m. April 9, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results
8:00 a.m. April 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Provides Update on Phase III ACCORDANCE Study of the Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's Disease Patients
7:30 a.m. March 29, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Initiates Phase I Trial of Accordion Pill for Cannabinoid Therapies
7:00 a.m. March 22, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma to Participate in the Oppenheimer 27th Annual Healthcare Conference
4:00 p.m. March 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma to Participate in the 29th Annual Roth Conference
9:54 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Intec Pharma Announces $10 Million Private Placement
9:00 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Enters into Agreement with the Michael J. Fox Foundation Around Its Phase III Trial Recruitment
8:30 a.m. Nov. 28, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma to Sponsor Investigator Meeting for Pivotal Phase III Study of Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa in Advanced Parkinson's Disease Patients
8:30 a.m. Nov. 9, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Announces Protocol Amendment to Phase III Study of Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa in Advanced Parkinson's Disease Patients
7:00 a.m. Nov. 7, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Intec Pharma Granted Chinese Patent for Accordion PillTM Carbidopa 
      / Levodopa
8:00 a.m. Oct. 31, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Intec Pharma to Participate in Upcoming September Conferences
3:21 p.m. Sept. 7, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Intec Pharma Granted European Patent for Accordion Pill™–Carbidopa / 
      Levodopa
7:30 a.m. Sept. 6, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:16 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






























































Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2014























































  info@wiseguyreports.com  |   
 Chat with us   |    +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)  |     +44 208 133 9349 (UK) 



 Login    Register 






















Home


Report Categories







Premium Reports

Access to 600000+ Premium Reports











  
                                Aerospace & Defense
                              









  
                                Agri & Food
                              









  
                                Automotive
                              









  
                                Basic Materials
                              











  
                                Consumer Goods & Retail
                              









  
                                Energy
                              









  
                                Life Sciences
                              









  
                                Manufacturing & Construction
                              











  
                                Services
                              









  
                                Telecom & IT
                              









  
                                Education
                              









  
                                Security & Intelligence Systems
                              











  
                                Technology
                              









  
                                Company Reports
                              










Report Categories 










Aerospace & Defense
                





Agri & Food
                





Automotive
                





Basic Materials
                







Consumer Goods & Retail
                





Energy
                





Life Sciences
                





Manufacturing & Construction
                







Services
                





Telecom & IT
                





Education
                





Security & Intelligence Systems
                







Technology
                





Company Reports
                








Publisher
Knowledgestore

Countries 
              


Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




Countries 

Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



News & Blog

 Press Release
Blog



News & Blogs

 Press Release
Blogs


FAQs

About Us

About Our Company
Our Team
Life At WGR


Careers
Contact Us











                                         There are no items currently in your basket.
                                     













There are no items currently in your basket!














  




































Search 
                






 














Home
All Reports
Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2014









 


  Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2014


WGR10923
10 
                  June, 2014 
Global
25 pages 
Global Markets Direct






















Description




Table of Content




Sample Report




Enquiry before buy




Related Reports





Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2014SummaryGlobal Markets Direct’s, ‘Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2014’, provides an overview of the Intec Pharma ltd.’s pharmaceutical research and development focus.This report provides comprehensive information on the current therapeutic developmental pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.’s, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews latest updates, and featured news and press releases, along with special features on late-stage and discontinued projects.Global Markets Direct’s report features investigational drugs from across globe covering over 20 therapy areas and nearly 3,000 indications. The report is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct’s team. Drug profiles/records featured in the report undergoes periodic updation following a stringent set of processes that ensures that all the profiles are updated with the latest set of information. Additionally, processes including live news & deals tracking, browser based alert-box and clinical trials registries tracking ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products.Note*: Certain sections in the report may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data for the indicated disease.Scope- The report provides brief overview of Intec Pharma ltd. including business description, key information and facts, and its locations and subsidiaries- The report reviews current pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.’s human therapeutic division and enlists all their major and minor projects- The report features product description and descriptive mechanism of action for key pipeline products along with the product’s developmental history and major milestones - Special feature on out-licensed and partnered product portfolio- The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects- Latest company statement - Latest news and deals relating to the Intec Pharma ltd.’s pipeline productsReasons to buy- Evaluate Intec Pharma ltd.’s strategic position with total access to detailed information on its product pipeline- Assess the growth potential of Intec Pharma ltd. in its therapy areas of focus- Identify new drug targets and therapeutic classes in the Intec Pharma ltd.’s R&D portfolio and develop key strategic initiatives to reinforce pipeline in those areas- Exploit in-licensing opportunities by identifying windows of opportunity to fill portfolio gaps- Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of Intec Pharma ltd. and exploit collaboration and partnership opportunities- Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage- Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying the most promising pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.- Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope- Explore the dormant and discontinued projects of Intec Pharma ltd. and identify potential opportunities in those areas- Avoid Intellectual Property Rights related issues


Table of ContentsTable of Contents 2List of Tables 3List of Figures 3Intec Pharma ltd. Snapshot 4Intec Pharma ltd. Overview 4Key Information 4Key Facts 4Intec Pharma ltd. - Research and Development Overview 5Key Therapeutic Areas 5Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Review 7Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 7Pipeline Products - Monotherapy 8Pipeline Products - Combination Treatment Modalities 9Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products Glance 10Intec Pharma ltd. - Clinical Stage Pipeline Products 10Phase II Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 10Phase I Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 11Intec Pharma ltd. - Early Stage Pipeline Products 12Preclinical Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 12Intec Pharma ltd. - Drug Profiles 13(carbidopa + levodopa) 13Product Description 13Mechanism of Action 13R&D Progress 13zaleplon GR 15Product Description 15Mechanism of Action 15R&D Progress 15baclofen GR 16Product Description 16Mechanism of Action 16R&D Progress 16Several Undisclosed Projects 17Product Description 17Mechanism of Action 17R&D Progress 17Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Analysis 18Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Target 18Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Route of Administration 19Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Molecule Type 20Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action 21Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates 22Intec Pharma ltd. - Locations And Subsidiaries 23Head Office 23Appendix 24Methodology 24Coverage 24Secondary Research 24Primary Research 24Expert Panel Validation 24Contact Us 25Disclaimer 25List of TablesIntec Pharma ltd., Key Information 4Intec Pharma ltd., Key Facts 4Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Indication, 2014 6Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2014 7Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2014 8Intec Pharma ltd. - Combination Treatment Modalities in Pipeline, 2014 9Intec Pharma ltd. - Phase II, 2014 10Intec Pharma ltd. - Phase I, 2014 11Intec Pharma ltd. - Preclinical, 2014 12Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Target, 2014 18Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Route of Administration, 2014 19Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Molecule Type, 2014 20Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action, 2014 21Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates, 2014 22List of FiguresIntec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Indication, 2014 6Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2014 7Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2014 8Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Target, 2014 18Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Route of Administration, 2014 19Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Molecule Type, 2014 20Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Top 10 Mechanism of Action, 2014 21







                                Request a Sample Report
                                




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Do you have any Specific field of Interest?*

















Confirm


 








Make an enquiry before buying this Report




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Your Enquiry*

















Confirm


 
















Purchase this Market Research Report







 USD




 GBP




 EURO




 YEN




 INR







                        1-user PDF
                         
                          $1,500.00
                        

 
                        Site PDF 
                         
                          $3,000.00
                        

 
                        Enterprise PDF 
                         
                          $4,500.00
                        





  1-user PDF
  
 
    1,142.10
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  2,284.20
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  3,426.30
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    1,276.35
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  2,552.70
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  3,829.05
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    165,948.00
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  331,896.00
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  497,844.00
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    96,232.50
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  192,465.00
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  288,697.50
  









Add To Cart
BUY NOW





 















  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form









  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form






Contact Us










Akash Anand
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 (646) 843 9312 (US)
+44 208 133 9349 (UK)













Rishabh Arora
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+44-208-133-9346













Abu Koshy
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 339 368 6938










Related Reports








                  ×
              
Tell a friend about this report 




Your Name:*





Your Email:*





Friend's Name:*





Friend's Email:*





Your Enquiry*









Send


 


































































| FiercePharma

































Skip to main content

































Twitter
LinkedIn




Search


































 







- Any ---homepage--Pharma-M&A-Regulatory-Financials-Corporate-LegalManufacturing-M&A-Outsourcing-Regulatory-Supply Chain-Drug Safety-PartneringMarketing-Regulatory-DTC Advertising-Digital and Social Media-Data and Analytics-LaunchesPharma Asia-M&A-Manufacturing-R&D-Regulatory-Sales and Marketing-FinancialsAnimal Health-M&A-R&D-Regulatory-Veterinarian-Financials-VaccinesDrug Delivery-R&D-Regulatory-PartneringVaccines-Deals-Infectious Diseases-R&D-Regulatory


Sort by
Published Date


Order
OldestNewest





  



eventFierceBiotech 2nd Drug Development ForumSeptember 25-27, 2017 | Boston, MA | Sponsored By FierceBiotech Join 350+ c-suite biotech executives at the unmatched educational venue for drug development professionals. This event will cover the greatest partnership challenges that biotech companies face throughout the entire product and corporate development cycle! To learn more or register click here.
More Info


























Popular Content 

AstraZeneca's Mystic shortfall is an immuno-oncology shake-up for Bristol-Myers and a bolster for Merck and Roche 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
New GlaxoSmithKline chief Walmsley makes early mark with sweeping pharma overhaul 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		
AstraZeneca, Merck team up on Lynparza combos in collaboration worth up to $8.5B 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Roche’s deep discount for MS drug Ocrevus pays off big for Swiss drugmaker 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Lilly's baricitinib setback gives Pfizer's Xeljanz a clear shot at newer rivals 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		





























































| FiercePharma

































Skip to main content

































Twitter
LinkedIn




Search


































 







- Any -ebookeBriefeventexecutive summaryjobmultimediapaid marketplaceresearchsurveyvideowebinarwhitepaper


- Any ---homepage--Pharma-M&A-Regulatory-Financials-Corporate-LegalManufacturing-M&A-Outsourcing-Regulatory-Supply Chain-Drug Safety-PartneringMarketing-Regulatory-DTC Advertising-Digital and Social Media-Data and Analytics-LaunchesPharma Asia-M&A-Manufacturing-R&D-Regulatory-Sales and Marketing-FinancialsAnimal Health-M&A-R&D-Regulatory-Veterinarian-Financials-VaccinesDrug Delivery-R&D-Regulatory-PartneringVaccines-Deals-Infectious Diseases-R&D-Regulatory


Sort by
Published Date


Order
OldestNewest





  



webinarExploring ADC Pharmacokinetics Using QSP Modeling StrategiesSeptember 13, 2017 | 2pm ET / 11am PT | Presented By Applied BioMath The Pharmacokinetics (PK) of ADC therapeutics typically show a discrepancy between the PK of total antibody and that of conjugated antibody, carrying one or more payload molecules. This will present how quantitative systems pharmacology modeling approaches provide biological insights into the impact of drug-to-antibody ratio and the resulting changes in molecular properties on overall PK and relative payload disposition as observed in preclinical and clinical studies. Register now!
More Info


  



webinar Small Size, Big Plans – Product Development Advice for Small CompaniesAugust 21, 2017 | 1pm ET/10am PT | Presented By Rho This webinar will provide advice on how to set your small company up for long-term success through the use of strategic development plans, purposeful outsourcing, patent protection, partnership strategies, and provide specific examples of success stories and lessons learned. Register now!
More Info


  



webinarMagnify Patient Engagement Productivity with Unified, Cognitive Search on SalesforceAugust 10, 2017 | 2pm ET / 11am PT | Presented By Persistent Systems Obtain greater productivity and effectiveness in the matters of patient and member engagement! This webinar will present the packaged solution that enables single window, proactive access within the Salesforce Service Console for customer service representatives & supervisors to effectively manage their patient and member populations. Register Now!
More Info


  



webinarAccelerate Clinical Trials with Rapid Application DevelopmentAugust 9, 2017 | 2 pm ET / 11 am PT | Presented By Salesforce Clinical trials are at a crossroads. Biopharmaceutical companies must accelerate the development and approval of tailored therapeutics, but legacy clinical IT infrastructure makes it difficult to keep up. This webinar will highlight how life science companies are building connected R&D applications using an agile, intelligent platform that connects key stakeholders, including sponsors, CROs, sites, and subjects. Learn from customer success stories and live demonstrations, and see how you can apply this approach to turbocharge your own clinical programs. Register now.
More Info


  



webinarBring Your Life Sciences Content Management Strategy into the Digital AgeAugust 2, 2017 | 12pm ET / 9am PT | Presented By Medidata Solutions The life sciences industry is undergoing a digital transformation, as legacy IT systems move into the cloud and cohesive transition strategies are required. Whether you’re in Quality Control, Clinical Operations, IT, Regulatory Compliance, or manage another area of the trial, join Medidata and Box explore how to build a total regulated and non-regulated content management strategy to match today's unique challenges, including implementing technology via a single, user-friendly platform. Register now!
More Info


  



webinarImplementing a Common Data Model in a Real-World Analytics EnvironmentSponsored By Evidera This webinar “Implementing a Common Data Model (CDM) in a Real-World Informatics and Analytics Environment: Headwinds or Smooth Sailing?” explores CDM research vs practice and the issues encountered when implementing a CDM in practice, including alternative approaches and potential best practices. Watch now.
More Info


  



whitepaperReal-World Evidence in Payer Negotiations – What’s in Your Playbook?Sponsored By Evidera Real-World Evidence plays an important role in acquiring and defending optimal payer position. Read our white paper on the use of RWE to align with payers on environment & value vs. competitors at launch, defend payer positioning, and potentially bolster and extend the value of on-market products.
More Info


  



webinarHow Modern Quality Systems are Transforming Change ManagementNow On-Demand | Presented By Veeva Assessing impact, and creating and executing a change plan are difficult with global stakeholders and multitude of systems. During this webinar, learn frameworks and best practices for transforming change management. Register Now!
More Info


  



webinarConnecting the Drug Development Journey with Data-Driven InsightsJuly 27, 2017 | 11am ET / 8am PT | Presented By PAREXEL 
While biopharmaceutical companies face challenges in generating and integrating meaningful insights that drive timely and actionable decisions. Aggregating and leveraging the right data to drive value requires a broad range of services working together to generate insights across the entire drug development spectrum. Hear PAREXEL experts derive data-driven insights and how these insights can benefit many essential drug development areas. Register now!
More Info


  



webinarAccelerate Your Speed to Market: New Options  for Generic Drug Packaging & DeliveryNow Available On-Demand | Presented By West Pharmaceutical Services Quality. Speed. Simplicity. Learn how a new elastomeric closure formulation, turnkey extractables and leachables package and a flexible supply can help generics manufacturers make the move to market. Join this webinar with West experts and learn about generics market trends and AccelTRA™ brand program attributes that address generic injectable drug manufacturer issues and ensure a fast move to market. Register now!
More Info



























Popular Content 

AstraZeneca's Mystic shortfall is an immuno-oncology shake-up for Bristol-Myers and a bolster for Merck and Roche 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
New GlaxoSmithKline chief Walmsley makes early mark with sweeping pharma overhaul 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		
AstraZeneca, Merck team up on Lynparza combos in collaboration worth up to $8.5B 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Roche’s deep discount for MS drug Ocrevus pays off big for Swiss drugmaker 
      		
      		Jul 27, 2017 
     		
Lilly's baricitinib setback gives Pfizer's Xeljanz a clear shot at newer rivals 
      		
      		Jul 26, 2017 
     		
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Home - IntecPharma


































 

The Accordion Pill™- A Drug Delivery Solution for Key Unmet NeedsRead More





About Us
Intec Pharma is a drug development company, applying its innovative proprietary gastric retention technology to develop improved formulations of drugs.

Read More




Technology
The Accordion Pill™, a novel gastro-retentive delivery system, significantly improves the Pharmacokinetics of drugs with either narrow absorption window or poorly soluble drugs that belong to Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS) class II and Class IV.
The Accordion Pill™ is designed for drugs that are characterized by one of the following:
• Narrow Absorption Window (poor colonic absorption)
• Poor solubility, BCS class II or IV
• Act locally, in the stomach or in the upper part of the GI tract
• Adverse effects correlate with the drug reaching the distal parts of the GI tract
Watch Video

Read More


  
 




 Events
 







©2017 IntecPharma
Sitemap
Terms of Use
 


 









Home
About

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Team


Technology

Narrow absorption window drugs
Poorly soluble drugs


Pipeline

AP – CD/LD
AP – ZP


Partnering
Investors

Company Filings
Press Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Quote
Corporate Governance


Events

Events


Contact Us
 




































Investors - IntecPharma



































 








Home > Investors                                
Investors











Intec Pharma Ltd. is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. The Company’s Accordion Pill is an oral drug delivery system that is designed to improve the efficacy and safety of existing drugs and drugs in development by utilizing an efficient gastric retention and specific release mechanism. The Company’s product pipeline currently includes product candidates in various clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, or AP-CDLD, is being evaluated in a U.S. Phase III clinical trial as a treatment for Parkinson’s disease symptoms in advanced Parkinson’s disease patients; Accordion Pill Zaleplon, or AP-ZP, is being developed as a treatment for insomnia, including sleep induction and the improvement of sleep maintenance; an Accordion Pill is being developed for the prevention and treatment of gastroduodenal and small bowel Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug induced ulcers and an Accordion Pill for cannabinoid therapies, or AP-CBD/THC, is expected to initiate clinical trials for a pain indication in the first quarter of 2017.






For share performance and additional information published in the TASE, use the following Link.
Investor relations: AFields@lhai.com



Investors

Company Filings
Press Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Quote
Corporate Governance


 
            Press Releases         


07/10/2017
1:19 pm
 
                    Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive and Vice Chairman Jeffrey A. Meckler as Chief Executive Officer                  


04/09/2017
9:00 am
 
                    Intec Pharma Appoints U.S. Life Sciences Executive Jeffrey A. Meckler to its Board of Directors as Vice Chairman                  


03/22/2017
7:00 am
 
                    Intec Pharma Initiates Phase I Trial of Accordion Pill for Cannabinoid Therapies                  


 





©2017 IntecPharma
Sitemap
Terms of Use
 


 









Home
About

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Team


Technology

Narrow absorption window drugs
Poorly soluble drugs


Pipeline

AP – CD/LD
AP – ZP


Partnering
Investors

Company Filings
Press Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Quote
Corporate Governance


Events

Events


Contact Us
 









































Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015



















+49 322 210 92714
                                    (GMT OFFICE HOURS)
                                

+1-855-465-4651
                                    (US/CAN TOLL FREE)
                                

+1-386-310-3803
                                    (US OFFICE NO)
                                
































Home
Categories
Become Publisher
News
About Us
Contact Us



























-Select Category-
Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
Semiconductor
Chemical and Materials
Metallurgical
Market Research




Search












Home >> Life Sciences >> Pharmaceuticals >> General Pharmaceuticals


Intec Pharma ltd. - Product Pipeline Review - 2015



Published: Feb-2015 | Format: PDF | Global Markets Direct | Number of pages: 24 | Code: MRS - 10382



Report Details
Table Of Content
Inquiry For Buying
Request Sample




 
Global Markets Directs Intec Pharma ltd. Product Pipeline Review 2015 provides an overview of the Intec Pharma ltd.s pharmaceutical research and development focus.
 
This report provides comprehensive information on the current therapeutic developmental pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.s complete with comparative analysis at various stages therapeutics assessment by drug target mechanism of action (MoA) route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. It also reviews latest updates and featured news and press releases along with special features on late-stage and discontinued projects.
 
Global Markets Directs report features investigational drugs from across globe covering over 20 therapy areas and nearly 3000 indications. The report is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Directs proprietary databases Company/University websites SEC filings investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources put together by Global Markets Directs team. Drug profiles/records featured in the report undergoes periodic updation following a stringent set of processes that ensures that all the profiles are updated with the latest set of information. Additionally processes including live news & deals tracking browser based alert-box and clinical trials registries tracking ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.
 
The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products.
 
Scope
 
The report provides brief overview of Intec Pharma ltd. including business description key information and facts and its locations and subsidiaries
The report reviews current pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.s human therapeutic division and enlists all their major and minor projects
The report features product description and descriptive mechanism of action for key pipeline products along with the products developmental history and major milestones 
Special feature on out-licensed and partnered product portfolio
The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects
Latest company statement 
Latest news and deals relating to the Intec Pharma ltd.s pipeline products
 
Reasons to buy
 
Evaluate Intec Pharma ltd.s strategic position with total access to detailed information on its product pipeline
Assess the growth potential of Intec Pharma ltd. in its therapy areas of focus
Identify new drug targets and therapeutic classes in the Intec Pharma ltd.s R&D portfolio and develop key strategic initiatives to reinforce pipeline in those areas
Exploit in-licensing opportunities by identifying windows of opportunity to fill portfolio gaps
Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of Intec Pharma ltd. and exploit collaboration and partnership opportunities
Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage
Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying the most promising pipeline of Intec Pharma ltd.
Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope
Explore the dormant and discontinued projects of Intec Pharma ltd. and identify potential opportunities in those areas
Avoid Intellectual Property Rights related issues



Table of Contents

Table of Contents 2
List of Tables 3
List of Figures 3
Intec Pharma ltd. Snapshot 4
Intec Pharma ltd. Overview 4
Key Information 4
Key Facts 4
Intec Pharma ltd. - Research and Development Overview 5
Key Therapeutic Areas 5
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Review 7
Pipeline Products by Stage of Development 7
Pipeline Products - Monotherapy 8
Pipeline Products - Combination Treatment Modalities 9
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products Glance 10
Intec Pharma ltd. - Clinical Stage Pipeline Products 10
Phase II Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 10
Intec Pharma ltd. - Early Stage Pipeline Products 11
Preclinical Products/Combination Treatment Modalities 11
Intec Pharma ltd. - Drug Profiles 12
(carbidopa + levodopa) 12
Product Description 12
Mechanism of Action 12
R&D Progress 12
zaleplon GR 14
Product Description 14
Mechanism of Action 14
R&D Progress 14
Drugs for Undisclosed Indication 15
Product Description 15
Mechanism of Action 15
R&D Progress 15
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Analysis 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Target 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Route of Administration 17
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Molecule Type 18
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action 19
Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates 20
Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Projects 21
Intec Pharma ltd. - Locations And Subsidiaries 22
Head Office 22
 
Appendix 23
Methodology 23
Coverage 23
Secondary Research 23
Primary Research 23
Expert Panel Validation 23
Contact Us 23
Disclaimer 24
 
List of Tables
 
Intec Pharma ltd., Key Information 4
Intec Pharma ltd., Key Facts 4
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Indication, 2015 6
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 7
Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 8
Intec Pharma ltd. - Combination Treatment Modalities in Pipeline, 2015 9
Intec Pharma ltd. - Phase II, 2015 10
Intec Pharma ltd. - Preclinical, 2015 11
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Target, 2015 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Route of Administration, 2015 17
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Molecule Type, 2015 18
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Mechanism of Action, 2015 19
Intec Pharma ltd. - Recent Pipeline Updates, 2015 20
Intec Pharma ltd. - Dormant Developmental Projects,2015 21
 
List of Figures
 
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Indication, 2015 6
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Stage of Development, 2015 7
Intec Pharma ltd. - Monotherapy Products in Pipeline, 2015 8
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline by Top 10 Target, 2015 16
Intec Pharma ltd. - Pipeline Products by Top 10 Mechanism of Action, 2015 19


Inquiry For Buying

Please fill your details below, to inquire about this report:
* Indicates required fields






 





Name:






Email:






Phone:






Name of company:






Title/Designation:






Country Name:

-Select Country-
ANDORRA
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
AFGHANISTAN
ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA
ANGUILLA
ALBANIA
ARMENIA
ANGOLA
ANTARCTICA
ARGENTINA
AMERICAN SAMOA
AUSTRIA
AUSTRALIA
ARUBA
ÅLAND ISLANDS
AZERBAIJAN
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
BARBADOS
BANGLADESH
BELGIUM
BURKINA FASO
BULGARIA
BAHRAIN
BURUNDI
BENIN
SAINT BARTHÉLEMY
BERMUDA
BRUNEI DARUSSALAM
BOLIVIA, PLURINATIONAL STATE OF
BONAIRE, SINT EUSTATIUS AND SABA
BRAZIL
BAHAMAS
BHUTAN
BOUVET ISLAND
BOTSWANA
BELARUS
BELIZE
CANADA
COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDS
CONGO, THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE
CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC
CONGO
SWITZERLAND
CÔTE D'IVOIRE
COOK ISLANDS
CHILE
CAMEROON
CHINA
COLOMBIA
COSTA RICA
CUBA
CAPE VERDE
CURAÇAO
CHRISTMAS ISLAND
CYPRUS
CZECH REPUBLIC
GERMANY
DJIBOUTI
DENMARK
DOMINICA
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
ALGERIA
ECUADOR
ESTONIA
EGYPT
WESTERN SAHARA
ERITREA
SPAIN
ETHIOPIA
FINLAND
FIJI
FALKLAND ISLANDS (MALVINAS)
MICRONESIA, FEDERATED STATES OF
FAROE ISLANDS
FRANCE
GABON
UNITED KINGDOM
GRENADA
GEORGIA
FRENCH GUIANA
GUERNSEY
GHANA
GIBRALTAR
GREENLAND
GAMBIA
GUINEA
GUADELOUPE
EQUATORIAL GUINEA
GREECE
SOUTH GEORGIA AND THE SOUTH SANDWICH ISLANDS
GUATEMALA
GUAM
GUINEA-BISSAU
GUYANA
HONG KONG
HEARD ISLAND AND MCDONALD ISLANDS
HONDURAS
CROATIA
HAITI
HUNGARY
INDONESIA
IRELAND
ISRAEL
ISLE OF MAN
INDIA
BRITISH INDIAN OCEAN TERRITORY
IRAQ
IRAN, ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
ICELAND
ITALY
JERSEY
JAMAICA
JORDAN
JAPAN
KENYA
KYRGYZSTAN
CAMBODIA
KIRIBATI
COMOROS
SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS
KOREA, DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF
KOREA, REPUBLIC OF
KUWAIT
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KAZAKHSTAN
LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
LEBANON
SAINT LUCIA
LIECHTENSTEIN
SRI LANKA
LIBERIA
LESOTHO
LITHUANIA
LUXEMBOURG
LATVIA
LIBYA
MOROCCO
MONACO
MOLDOVA, REPUBLIC OF
MONTENEGRO
SAINT MARTIN (FRENCH PART)
MADAGASCAR
MARSHALL ISLANDS
MACEDONIA, THE FORMER YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC OF
MALI
MYANMAR
MONGOLIA
MACAO
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS
MARTINIQUE
MAURITANIA
MONTSERRAT
MALTA
MAURITIUS
MALDIVES
MALAWI
MEXICO
MALAYSIA
MOZAMBIQUE
NAMIBIA
NEW CALEDONIA
NIGER
NORFOLK ISLAND
NIGERIA
NICARAGUA
NETHERLANDS
NORWAY
NEPAL
NAURU
NIUE
NEW ZEALAND
OMAN
PANAMA
PERU
FRENCH POLYNESIA
PAPUA NEW GUINEA
PHILIPPINES
PAKISTAN
POLAND
SAINT PIERRE AND MIQUELON
PITCAIRN
PUERTO RICO
PALESTINIAN, STATE OF
PORTUGAL
PALAU
PARAGUAY
QATAR
RÉUNION
ROMANIA
SERBIA
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
RWANDA
SAUDI ARABIA
SOLOMON ISLANDS
SEYCHELLES
SUDAN
SWEDEN
SINGAPORE
SAINT HELENA, ASCENSION AND TRISTAN DA CUNHA
SLOVENIA
SVALBARD AND JAN MAYEN
SLOVAKIA
SIERRA LEONE
SAN MARINO
SENEGAL
SOMALIA
SURINAME
SOUTH SUDAN
SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE
EL SALVADOR
SINT MAARTEN (DUTCH PART)
SYRIAN ARAB REPUBLIC
SWAZILAND
TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS
CHAD
FRENCH SOUTHERN TERRITORIES
TOGO
THAILAND
TAJIKISTAN
TOKELAU
TIMOR-LESTE
TURKMENISTAN
TUNISIA
TONGA
TURKEY
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
TUVALU
TAIWAN, PROVINCE OF CHINA
TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF
UKRAINE
UGANDA
UNITED STATES MINOR OUTLYING ISLANDS
UNITED STATES
URUGUAY
UZBEKISTAN
HOLY SEE (VATICAN CITY STATE)
SAINT VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES
VENEZUELA, BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF
VIRGIN ISLANDS, BRITISH
VIRGIN ISLANDS, U.S.
VIET NAM
VANUATU
WALLIS AND FUTUNA
SAMOA
YEMEN
MAYOTTE
SOUTH AFRICA
ZAMBIA
ZIMBABWE





How can we help you?











Refresh



captcha:





 


Submit







Request Sample

Please fill your details below, to receive sample report:
* Indicates required fields






 





Name:






Email:






Phone:






Name of company:






Title/Designation:






Country Name:

-Select Country-
ANDORRA
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
AFGHANISTAN
ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA
ANGUILLA
ALBANIA
ARMENIA
ANGOLA
ANTARCTICA
ARGENTINA
AMERICAN SAMOA
AUSTRIA
AUSTRALIA
ARUBA
ÅLAND ISLANDS
AZERBAIJAN
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
BARBADOS
BANGLADESH
BELGIUM
BURKINA FASO
BULGARIA
BAHRAIN
BURUNDI
BENIN
SAINT BARTHÉLEMY
BERMUDA
BRUNEI DARUSSALAM
BOLIVIA, PLURINATIONAL STATE OF
BONAIRE, SINT EUSTATIUS AND SABA
BRAZIL
BAHAMAS
BHUTAN
BOUVET ISLAND
BOTSWANA
BELARUS
BELIZE
CANADA
COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDS
CONGO, THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE
CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC
CONGO
SWITZERLAND
CÔTE D'IVOIRE
COOK ISLANDS
CHILE
CAMEROON
CHINA
COLOMBIA
COSTA RICA
CUBA
CAPE VERDE
CURAÇAO
CHRISTMAS ISLAND
CYPRUS
CZECH REPUBLIC
GERMANY
DJIBOUTI
DENMARK
DOMINICA
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
ALGERIA
ECUADOR
ESTONIA
EGYPT
WESTERN SAHARA
ERITREA
SPAIN
ETHIOPIA
FINLAND
FIJI
FALKLAND ISLANDS (MALVINAS)
MICRONESIA, FEDERATED STATES OF
FAROE ISLANDS
FRANCE
GABON
UNITED KINGDOM
GRENADA
GEORGIA
FRENCH GUIANA
GUERNSEY
GHANA
GIBRALTAR
GREENLAND
GAMBIA
GUINEA
GUADELOUPE
EQUATORIAL GUINEA
GREECE
SOUTH GEORGIA AND THE SOUTH SANDWICH ISLANDS
GUATEMALA
GUAM
GUINEA-BISSAU
GUYANA
HONG KONG
HEARD ISLAND AND MCDONALD ISLANDS
HONDURAS
CROATIA
HAITI
HUNGARY
INDONESIA
IRELAND
ISRAEL
ISLE OF MAN
INDIA
BRITISH INDIAN OCEAN TERRITORY
IRAQ
IRAN, ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
ICELAND
ITALY
JERSEY
JAMAICA
JORDAN
JAPAN
KENYA
KYRGYZSTAN
CAMBODIA
KIRIBATI
COMOROS
SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS
KOREA, DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF
KOREA, REPUBLIC OF
KUWAIT
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KAZAKHSTAN
LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
LEBANON
SAINT LUCIA
LIECHTENSTEIN
SRI LANKA
LIBERIA
LESOTHO
LITHUANIA
LUXEMBOURG
LATVIA
LIBYA
MOROCCO
MONACO
MOLDOVA, REPUBLIC OF
MONTENEGRO
SAINT MARTIN (FRENCH PART)
MADAGASCAR
MARSHALL ISLANDS
MACEDONIA, THE FORMER YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC OF
MALI
MYANMAR
MONGOLIA
MACAO
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS
MARTINIQUE
MAURITANIA
MONTSERRAT
MALTA
MAURITIUS
MALDIVES
MALAWI
MEXICO
MALAYSIA
MOZAMBIQUE
NAMIBIA
NEW CALEDONIA
NIGER
NORFOLK ISLAND
NIGERIA
NICARAGUA
NETHERLANDS
NORWAY
NEPAL
NAURU
NIUE
NEW ZEALAND
OMAN
PANAMA
PERU
FRENCH POLYNESIA
PAPUA NEW GUINEA
PHILIPPINES
PAKISTAN
POLAND
SAINT PIERRE AND MIQUELON
PITCAIRN
PUERTO RICO
PALESTINIAN, STATE OF
PORTUGAL
PALAU
PARAGUAY
QATAR
RÉUNION
ROMANIA
SERBIA
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
RWANDA
SAUDI ARABIA
SOLOMON ISLANDS
SEYCHELLES
SUDAN
SWEDEN
SINGAPORE
SAINT HELENA, ASCENSION AND TRISTAN DA CUNHA
SLOVENIA
SVALBARD AND JAN MAYEN
SLOVAKIA
SIERRA LEONE
SAN MARINO
SENEGAL
SOMALIA
SURINAME
SOUTH SUDAN
SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE
EL SALVADOR
SINT MAARTEN (DUTCH PART)
SYRIAN ARAB REPUBLIC
SWAZILAND
TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS
CHAD
FRENCH SOUTHERN TERRITORIES
TOGO
THAILAND
TAJIKISTAN
TOKELAU
TIMOR-LESTE
TURKMENISTAN
TUNISIA
TONGA
TURKEY
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
TUVALU
TAIWAN, PROVINCE OF CHINA
TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF
UKRAINE
UGANDA
UNITED STATES MINOR OUTLYING ISLANDS
UNITED STATES
URUGUAY
UZBEKISTAN
HOLY SEE (VATICAN CITY STATE)
SAINT VINCENT AND THE GRENADINES
VENEZUELA, BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF
VIRGIN ISLANDS, BRITISH
VIRGIN ISLANDS, U.S.
VIET NAM
VANUATU
WALLIS AND FUTUNA
SAMOA
YEMEN
MAYOTTE
SOUTH AFRICA
ZAMBIA
ZIMBABWE





How can we help you?











Refresh



captcha:





 


Submit











Related Reports


Global Sialic Acid Market Professional Survey Report 2017

Jul-2017 | QY Research | Pages : 101 | Code : MRS-152946 | 3500
                    
This report studies Sialic Acid in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022.  This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering - NZP - Nacalai USA - RS Pharmchem - YHC - JK Biotech Read more




Global Sodium Hyaluronate Market Professional Survey Report 2017

Jul-2017 | QY Research | Pages : 101 | Code : MRS-152941 | 3500
                    
This report studies Sodium Hyaluronate in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022.  This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering - Contipro - Lifecore Biomedical - SEIKAGAKU Corporation - VSY B Read more




Global Ultrasound Gel Warmer Market Professional Survey Report 2017

Jul-2017 | QY Research | Pages : 100 | Code : MRS-152921 | 3500
                    
This report studies Ultrasound Gel Warmer in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022.  This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering - Parker Laboratories - Vermed - Athena Medical Products - Ke Read more




Global and Europe BCG Vaccine Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022

Jul-2017 | EU Research | Pages : 124 | Code : MRS-152913 | 2960
                    
This report presents a comprehensive overview of the BCG Vaccine market in Europe. This shares the history data information from 2012 to 2016, and forecast from 2017 to 2022. This report provides a detailed analysis of the market, its dynamics, structure, characteristics, main players, growth and demand drivers, etc. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in BCG Vaccine industry. This report focus Global and Europe market, it covers details playe Read more




Global Onychomycosis (Tinea Unguium) Drug Detailed Analysis Report 2017-2022

Jul-2017 | Detailed Analysis Research | Pages : 118 | Code : MRS-152903 | 3250
                    
This report splits Onychomycosis (Tinea Unguium) Drug by Product Drug Form, by Product Usage Type. This shares the history data information from 2012 to 2016, and forecast from 2017 to 2022. And this report mainly introduces volume and value market share by players, by regions, by product type, by consumers and also their price change details. As a Detailed Analysis report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Onychomycosis (Tinea Unguium) Drug industry. This report fo Read more




Life Science Analytics - Global Market Outlook (2017-2023)

Jun-2017 | Stratistics MRC | Pages : 159 | Code : MRS-152851 | 4150
                    
According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Life Science Analytics market is expected to grow from $9.45 billion in 2016 to reach $25.60 billion by 2023 with a CAGR of 15.3%. Some of the factors propelling the market growth are raising demand for analytics in sales and marketing applications, increasing need of these solutions especially in clinical trials and improvements in technological advancements. However lack of skilled professionals, huge implementation costs, and financial limitations Read more




Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) Drugs - Global Market Outlook (2017-2023)

Jul-2017 | Stratistics MRC | Pages : 160 | Code : MRS-152825 | 4150
                    
According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) Drugs market is expected to grow from $12.87 billion in 2016 to reach $16.13 billion by 2023 with a CAGR of 3.2%. Drivers that are shaping the global market include, growing incidences of chronic kidney diseases, rise in aged population, rising incidence of diabetes and obesity related disorders, significant unmet requirements and beneficial reimbursement policies. On the other hand, factors such as intense competition fr Read more




Acaricides - Global Market Outlook (2017-2023)

Jul-2017 | Stratistics MRC | Pages : 167 | Code : MRS-152794 | 4150
                    
According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Acaricides Market is expected to grow from $270.12 million in 2016 to reach $412.10 million by 2023 with a CAGR of 6.2%. High demand for meat, dairy products and crops, growth in crop protection industry and rise in productivity are some of the factors propelling the market growth. However, increase in cost, alternative acaricides sources and regulatory restrictions are the factors suppressing the market. On the other hand, expansion of bioactive aca Read more




Global and United States Bacillus Subtilis Depth Research Report 2017-2022

Jul-2017 | United States Research | Pages : 108 | Code : MRS-152793 | 3190
                    
This report mainly introduces volume and value market share by players, by regions, by product type, by consumers and also their price change details. As a Depth Research Report, it covers all details inside analysis and opinion in Bacillus Subtilis industry. This report focus United States market, it covers details players regions product type and other details as following: Major Companies ?Bayer (Germany) ?BASF (Germany) ?Tonglu Huifeng (China) ?Kernel Bio-tech (China) ?W Read more




Global Bacterial Vaginosis Drug Market Rport 2017

Jun-2017 | BisReport  | Pages : 134 | Code : MRS-152720 | 2350
                    
Global Bacterial Vaginosis Drug Market Report 2017 Full Report: 2350 Multi License (Section): 4700 Section Price: As below Page: 115 Chart and Figure: 124 Publisher: BisReport Delivery Time: 24 hour Contact: sales@bisreport.com Phone: +86-18701006088 With the slowdown in world economic growth, the Bacterial Vaginosis Drug industry has also suffered a certain impact, but still maintained a relatively optimistic growth, the past four years, Bacterial Vaginosis Drug market size to maintain  Read more








Payment Mode




Single User  | $(USD)1500








Multi User | $(USD)3000








Corporate User  | $(USD)4500













Latest Report


2017 Global Non-Slip Epoxy Glass Flake Paint Market Research Report


2017 Global Parking Sensors Market Research Report


2017 Global Nitrogen Oxide Sensor Market Research Report


2017 Global Nuclear Density Gauge Market Research Report


2017 Global Automotive Interior Materials Market Research Report

View More



Latest News


Global Chitosan Market Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach USD 4.74 Billion by 2021

Zion Market Research has published a new report titled Chitosan Market for Water Treatment, Biomed



Development of e-commerce to Reshape Global Mobile Hotspot Router Market

Mobile hotspot is a popular feature on smart phones that provide wireless internet access on many 



Global Carotenoids Market Is Expected To Reach Around USD 1.52 Billion in 2021

Zion Market Research has published a new report titled Carotenoids Market by Type (Astaxanthin, Be



Soaring Demand from Food & Beverages Industry to Act as Prime Driving for Ascorbic Acid Market, Reports Zion Market Research

Ascorbic acid is extensively available in nature, mostly rich in leafy vegetables and fresh fruits



Global Energy Management System (EMS) Market Is Set for a Rapid Growth and is Expected to Reach USD 63,161.5 million by 2021

Zion Market Research has published a new report titled Energy Management System Market (EMS) by So


View More














Single User | $(USD)1500
View Pricing 













Find Help

How to Order
Disclaimer 
FAQs
Return Policy
Sitemap



Our Company

About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy



We accept the following payment methods






© 2016 - 2017 Market Research Store - Market Research Reports 









