




International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder II, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Hohns  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder II, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    500 Mamaroneck Avenue 4 Th Floor 
    Harrison, NY, 10528Phone: (914) 670-4300 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-29


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Andrew Hohns 
 Executive 


 N/A Mariner Investment Group, Llc 
 Promoter 





















 




International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder, L.P.
List of persons related to the company International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001593901IRS Number: 981142649Company address: 500 MAMARONECK AVENUE 4TH FLOOR HARRISON 10528Phone number: 914.670.4300



People related to International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryHohns  Andrew2929 Arch Street 17th FloorPhiladelphiaPA




International Infrastructure Finance Co Feeder, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesInternational Accelerator, Inc., International Accredited Institutional Access Portfolio, LLC, INTERNATIONAL AG INSURANCE SOLUTIONS, LLC, International Agriculture Group, LLC, International Air Charters, Inc., International Apartments LLC, International Art Galleries, LLC, INTERNATIONAL BARRIER TECHNOLOGY INC, International Battery Inc., International Bioceutical Co., LLC, International Biomedical Devices, Inc., International Bond Fund, a series of 525 Market Street Fund, LLC, International Bond Fund, a series of 525 Market Street Fund, LLC, International Cannabis Corp., International Cardio Corp












 












2017 International Finance and Infrastructure Cooperation Forum Held in New York | Bloomberg L.P.


























































						Search press announcements					


Search for:












View all Press Announcements
2017 International Finance and Infrastructure Cooperation Forum Held in New York






 





April 24, 2017 



(From left to right) Chinese Ambassador to the U.S. Cui Tiankai, Bloomberg LP founder Michael R. Bloomberg and Deputy Governor of the People’s Bank of China Yi Gang attended the 2017 International Finance and Infrastructure Cooperation Forum.

New York, April 24, 2017 — The 2017 International Finance and Infrastructure Cooperation Forum was held at Bloomberg’s headquarters in New York today. The forum, co-hosted by Bloomberg L.P., China General Chamber of Commerce – U.S.A. (CGCC) and with assistance from the National Governors Association, convened top Chinese and U.S. government officials, and over 400 senior business executives and financial professionals. A central theme discussed today focused on international cooperation in the finance industry and in U.S. infrastructure, and its opportunities and challenges.
This is the first high-level business forum held in New York after U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping met in Florida, U.S. in early April.
“Cooperation between the U.S. and China is critical to meeting all the big challenges facing our world, in the financial markets but also in infrastructure and climate change,” said Michael Bloomberg, Founder of Bloomberg L.P., in his welcome remarks. “China has taken some very important steps to make new partnerships possible, through financial reform and by opening up its markets to global investors. The more we work together across borders and create partnerships between business and government, the stronger our future will be.”
Yi Gang, Deputy Governor of the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) and Cui Tiankai, Chinese Ambassador to the United States delivered keynote speeches. They provided an update on the progress of China’s financial market reforms and shared their confidence in furthering the economic and trade relationship between China and the U.S. “The Chinese central bank is dedicated to remove the existing barriers and make the policy as simple and transparent as possible, providing better services for internationalization of RMB and further opening up the financial sectors. We should make financial cooperation between the two countries more efficient, balanced, and sustainable,” said Governor Yi.
Yi Gang, Deputy Governor of the People’s Bank of China, delivers a keynote speech on Chinese economy and RMB internationalization.
Ambassador Cui commented that it would need joint effort of as many people as possible to make the China-U.S. relations work. He hopes the business communities of both countries will continue to take the lead in building this great partnership. As the first major business forum after the Mar-a-Lago Summit, this forum makes unique contribution to the process.
Xu Chen, Chairman of CGCC, President and CEO of Bank of China USA, said, “An efficient financial cooperation is key to realizing both countries’ full economic potential. We believe the opening up of Chinese bond and equity market and the implementation of the U.S. infrastructure plan would indeed create more opportunities to benefit the two economies.”
Ma Jun, Chief Economist of PBOC’s Research Bureau, participated in a panel on investing in China’s bond market, now the third largest in the world. He was joined by senior representatives from BlackRock, Bloomberg, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) and Vanguard. In another panel, experts from Bank of China, China International Capital Corporation (CICC), Goldman Sachs Asset Management and BlackRock discussed investment opportunities in China’s equity market.
Matt Bevin, Governor of Kentucky State, spoke about the current situation of infrastructure investment in the U.S. and the outlook ahead.
Steven Roth and Richard LeFrak, who co-chair the President Trump’s New Council of Infrastructure Plan spoke about the new financing paradigm in U.S. infrastructure and the opportunities for global investors. The discussion was joined by C-level executives from China Construction America and China Communications Construction Company USA, two leading Chinese companies undertaking significant U.S. infrastructure construction projects.
“Governors, as the CEOs of their states, are instrumental in the maintenance and building of America’s infrastructure,” said Scott Pattison, CEO and executive director of the National Governors Association (NGA), ” They would want to continue discussion with officials throughout the world to foster best practices in financing and building infrastructure as they anticipate national infrastructure proposals at the federal level.”
Michael R. Bloomberg delivers welcome remarks at the forum.
 
Cui Tiankai, Chinese Ambassador to the U.S. delivers a keynote speech at the forum.
 

About Bloomberg
Bloomberg, the global business and financial information and news leader, gives influential decision makers a critical edge by connecting them to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas. The company’s strength – delivering data, news and analytics through innovative technology, quickly and accurately – is at the core of the Bloomberg Professional service. Bloomberg’s enterprise solutions build on the company’s core strength: leveraging technology to allow customers to access, integrate, distribute and manage data and information across organizations more efficiently and effectively. For more information, visit www.bloomberg.com or request a demo.
About CGCC
Founded in 2005, the China General Chamber of Commerce – U.S.A. (CGCC) is a nonprofit organization representing Chinese enterprises in the United States. Our mission is to promote Chinese investment in the U.S., to support the legal rights and interests of our members, and to enhance cooperation between Chinese and U.S. business communities. The CGCC’s extensive membership includes numerous companies from both China and the United States, including 40 Fortune 500 companies.
The CGCC is the foremost representative of Chinese businesses in the United States.
About NGA
The National Governors Association (NGA) is the bipartisan organization of the nation’s governors. Through NGA, governors share best practices, speak with a collective voice on national policy and develop solutions that improve state government and support the principles of federalism.
Founded in 1908, NGA is one of Washington, D.C.’s most respected public policy organizations. Its members are the governors of the 55 states, territories and commonwealths. NGA provides governors and their senior staff members with services which include representing states on Capitol Hill and before the Administration on key federal issues and providing management and technical assistance to both new and incumbent governors.
Through the National Governors Association Center for Best Practices (NGA Center) the organization also helps governors develop and implement innovative solutions to public policy challenges. The NGA Center is the only research and development firm that directly serves the nation’s governors. The center is comprised of five key divisions: Health, Homeland Security and Public Safety, Education, Economic Opportunity and Environment, Energy and Transportation. These divisions focus on critical policy topics ranging from the opioid epidemic and Medicaid transformation to cybersecurity, early education, workforce development and energy efficiency.
NGA also appoints leadership every year in the form of chairs and vice chairs; the 2016-17 NGA chair is Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, and the vice chair is Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval.
Media Contacts:
Bloomberg
Irene Gu, igu3@bloomberg.net, +86-10-6649-7535
CGCC
Sherry Qu, yuan.qu@cgccusa.org, +1 917-833-9777




More Posts




July 26, 2017
Bloomberg Introduces Data and Analytics to China’s Securitization Market with Local Data Provider

Bloomberg today announced that it will for the first time, provide global investors with data and analytics for the Chinese securitization market through a partnership with CNABS, a specialized solutions provider in China’s securitization market. 



July 24, 2017
TP ICAP appoints Bloomberg Entity Exchange for key MiFID II compliance role

TP ICAP, the world’s largest interdealer broker, has selected Bloomberg Entity Exchange as the chosen platform to help clients register onto new trading venues operated by its broking businesses, including Tullett Prebon and ICAP.



July 17, 2017
Bloomberg Receives FCA Approval For MIFID II MDP Testing

Bloomberg Data Reporting Services Limited (BDRSL) has received approval from the UK FCA to start testing its MiFID II ARM and APA for trade reporting with the FCA’s Market Data Processor system (MDP).



July 16, 2017
Bloomberg B-PIPE to Provide Source Data to Calculate NZFMA Closing Reference Rates

NZFMA, the professional body for institutional banking in New Zealand, is now using the B-PIPE rates in its end-of-day market rates calculation. The provision of closing rate market reference rate data that is electronically calculated from B-PIPE delivers significant improvements to market accuracy and transparency.


















×


             
          
 
 



×


             
          
 





Global Infrastructure Partners














Global InfraStructure Partners




 Home

About Us

What We Do
Industry Expertise
Operational Capability
Corporate Responsibility




Team

Partners
Managing Directors
Investment Principals
Operating Principals
Capital Solutions
GIP Australia
Administration
Senior Advisors




Investments

All Sectors
Energy
Transport 
Water and Waste
Realized Investments
UK Investments / Walker Guidelines




News

RECENT NEWS


        GIP Announces the Appointment of Jennifer Powers as a Partner and Chair of GIP’s Credit Business »July 19, 2017 



        Adebayo Ogunlesi Infrastructure Investor  Berlin Conference Keynote Interview
 »May 5, 2017 



        Centre for Aviation Report Shows Gatwick Airport  as World’s Top International Low-Cost Airport »May 2, 2017 



        Hess Midstream Partners Prices Upsized Initial Public Offering »April 4th, 2017 






Contact Us 


















 

Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) is a leading global, independent infrastructure investor. GIP combines specialist industry experience and industrial best practice operational management to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns. We apply our Team’s complementary skill sets and experience to actively manage our portfolio investments in order to improve their service quality and financial performance.





Employee Login
Legal
 LP Access  →
© Global Infrastructure Partners - 2017 All Rights Reserved






INTERNATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE COMPANY FEEDER, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      INTERNATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE COMPANY FEEDER, L.P.
                    

•   HARRISON, NY
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             International Infrastructure Finance Company Feeder is based out of Harrison.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2013-12-10. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from INTERNATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE COMPANY FEEDER, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




international infrastructure finance company feeder, l.p.


500 MAMARONECK AVENUE

HARRISON
NY
                                                        
                                                    10528


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      914.670.4300







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 12/10/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2013-12-10
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANDREW   HOHNS

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Macquarie European Infrastructure Funds - MEIF 1, MEIF 2, MEIF 3


























Skip to content


macquarie.com








About Macquarie



About Macquarie Group


Investor Relations


Careers


Related Sites


Contact


Site Map





 International sites






              Select a country:
            



 Australia


 Indonesia


 South Africa




 Austria


 Ireland


 Sweden




 Brazil


 Japan


 Switzerland




 Canada


 Korea


 Taiwan




 China


 Malaysia


 Thailand




 France


 Netherlands


 United Arab Emirates




 Germany


 New Zealand


 United Kingdom




 Hong Kong


 Philippines


 United States




 India


 Singapore


























       MEIF Macquarie European Infrastructure Funds




   




        
    



Overview

About MIRA

Directors
Governance
UK FRC Stewardship Code



MEIF


MEIF2


MEIF3


MEIF4


MEIF5


Contact us








MEIF








MEIF
Investing in a diversified portfolio of European infrastructure



Macquarie European Infrastructure Funds (MEIF, MEIF2, MEIF3, MEIF4 and MEIF5, together the "Funds") are wholesale investment funds focusing on investments in high-quality infrastructure businesses across Europe. Investors in the Funds are primarily pension funds and other institutional investors seeking long-term, stable returns, a characteristic of infrastructure businesses.
MEIF, MEIF2, MEIF3, MEIF4 and MEIF5, established in April 2004, May 2006, March 2008, September 2011 and September 2016 respectively, have more than €14 billion in investor commitments.
The Funds benefit from the skill applied by MIRA's experienced team of infrastructure operations and finance experts, backed by MIRA’s strong track-record of responsible asset management.






       Quick links
    


Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets' global portfolio asset map


Macquarie-sponsored OECD report on global infrastructure needs







 







Important information


Privacy policy


Site map





       © Macquarie Group Limited
    




       This information is a general description of the Macquarie Group only. Before acting on any information, you should consider the appropriateness of it having regard to your particular objectives, financial situation and needs and you should seek independent advice. No information set out above constitutes advice, an advertisement, an invitation, an offer or a solicitation, to buy or sell any financial product or security or to engage in any investment activity, or an offer of any banking or financial service. Some products and/or services mentioned on this website may not be suitable for you and may not be available in all jurisdictions.
    

       Macquarie only carries on banking activities in those countries it is authorised to do so. Macquarie Bank Limited (MBL) is authorised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) in Australia to carry out banking business in Australia. MBL, acting through its Seoul Branch, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Commission in Korea to carry out banking business in Korea. MBL, acting through its Singapore Branch, is authorised and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to carry out banking business in Singapore. MBL, acting through its Hong Kong branch, is authorised and regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority to carry on banking business in Hong Kong. MBL London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. Macquarie Bank International Limited (MBIL) is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Both MBL London Branch and MBIL are authorised to carry out banking business in the United Kingdom.
    

       Other than Macquarie Bank Limited (MBL), any Macquarie Group entity noted on this page is not an authorised deposit-taking institution for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Commonwealth of Australia). That entity's obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of MBL. MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of that entity, unless noted otherwise.
    

       Macquarie Group Limited and its related corporations are not otherwise currently authorised to accept deposits or conduct banking business in any other jurisdiction. Other members of the Macquarie Group are subject to regulation in the regions in which they operate. Further information can be found on this website or by contacting us.
    

       Macquarie Bank Limited maintains Representative Offices in the states of Illinois, New York and Texas, but is not authorised to conduct business in the US.
    

       Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets (Europe) Limited, the manager of the Macquarie European Infrastructure Funds, is a member of the Macquarie Group and is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. The Fund information on this website is general in nature. All securities and financial product or instrument transactions involve risks. Past performance of any product described on this site is not a reliable indication of future performance.
    










IFC - International Finance Corporation




   

 

























About IFC

IFC Governance
Leadership

Where We Work

East Asia & the Pacific
Europe & Central Asia
Latin America & the Caribbean
Middle East & North Africa
South Asia
Sub-Saharan Africa
Western Europe


Partnerships
IFC History



Solutions


Expertise

Agribusiness & Forestry
Financial Institutions
Funds
Health & Education
Infrastructure
Manufacturing
Oil, Gas & Mining
Public-Private Partnerships
Telecoms, Media & Technology
Tourism, Retail & Property



Products & Services

Loans
Equity
Trade & Supply-Chain Finance
Syndications
Treasury Client Solutions
Blended Finance
Venture Capital
Advisory
Asset Management


Development Impact



Sustainability

Env., Social & Governance

The Business Case
Resources for Companies
E&S Policies and Standards
Corporate Governance
ESG Accountability


Gender
Climate Business





Projects


News

All News

Creating Markets
Stories of Impact
Postcards


Pressroom

Media Contacts


Resources
Contacts

 














ENGLISH

عربي
 简体中文
 Français
 日本語
 Português
 Русский
 Español








 







Learn More 





 

 







IFC BLENDS INVESTMENT WITH ADVICE AND RESOURCE MOBILIZATION TO HELP THE PRIVATE SECTOR ADVANCE DEVELOPMENT.
Our investment and advice can be tailored to a client’s specific needs, and in ways that add value. Our ability to attract other investors introduces our clients to new sources of capital and better ways of doing business.
LEARN MORE .













A NEW MARKET FOR INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCING HELPS IZMIR THRIVE



 






Learn more about IFC’s work in:


View All Stories of Impact 







Financial Inclusion







Climate Change







Infrastructure











© 2017 IFC
User Agreement

General Inquiry

World Bank Group




Quick Links
For Clients
For Investors
For Media
For Stakeholders
For Job Seekers




Accountability
Disclosed Projects
Compliance Advisor Ombudsman
Independent Evaluation Group























IBRD
IDA
IFC
MIGA
ICSID


















