Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksFerro Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFOE• Yesterday, 8:41 PM • SA TranscriptsConocoPhillips' Q2 Shock And AweCOP• Yesterday, 4:21 PM • Callum Turcan•2 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Yesterday, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•3 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•6 CommentsEnsco's Second-Quarter Results: A Bottom Or A Negative Trend?ESV• Yesterday, 3:57 PM • Fun Trading•18 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•9 CommentsChevron: When To ReassessCVX• Yesterday, 3:13 PM • Quad 7 Capital•10 CommentsIAMGOLD Corporation (IAG) Updates on Rosebel Reserves and Resources - SlideshowIAG• Yesterday, 2:13 PM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsCompañía de Minas Buenaventura S.A.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBVN• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • SA TranscriptsCGG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCGG• Yesterday, 1:39 PM • SA TranscriptsBarrick Gold: Is It Time To Buy?ABX• Yesterday, 12:21 PM • Gold Mining Bull•10 CommentsWhiting Still Reeling From Kodiak Acquisition's Massive DebtWLL• Yesterday, 12:14 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•15 CommentsTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•5 CommentsOMNOVA Solutions: Is The Bull Case Set To Play Out?OMN• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • Vince MartinExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Yesterday, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•21 CommentsAltaGas: Strong Q2 Results, Still Time To Buy This 7.2% Dividend Growth StockATGFF• Yesterday, 10:58 AM • Ploutos Investing•24 CommentsKatanga Mining - A View On Its Balance Sheet And Latest NewsKATFF• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • Marcel Lange•3 CommentsHigher Oil Prices Might Not Be Enough To Save The Big Oil DividendBP, CVX, RDS.A• Yesterday, 10:15 AM • Mantas Skardzius, CFA•11 CommentsLyondellBasell Industries N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLYB• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsCabot Oil & Gas Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOG• Yesterday, 9:48 AM • SA TranscriptsYamana Gold Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAUY• Yesterday, 9:05 AM • SA Transcripts3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•20 CommentsQuaker Chemical Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKWR• Yesterday, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsCliffs Q2 2017 Earnings: A Cut To Guidance AgainCLF• Yesterday, 2:52 AM • Avi Danda•10 CommentsBarrick: Back On TrackABX• Yesterday, 2:05 AM • Samuel Smith•10 CommentsMPLX LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMPLX• Yesterday, 1:55 AM • SA TranscriptsNewmont Mining: 2nd Quarter 2017 Blows Away ExpectationsNEM• Yesterday, 1:03 AM • Fun Trading•6 CommentsVale S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVALE• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:49 PM • SA Transcripts2 Fast-Growing, High-Yielding, Ludicrously Undervalued MLPs That Can Make You Very RichGLOP, MPLX• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:15 PM • Dividend Sensei•39 CommentsTOTAL S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTOT• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:41 PM • SA TranscriptsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsGoldcorp Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGG• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:40 PM • SA TranscriptsCameco Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCCJ• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:19 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTeck Resources Limited 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTECK• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:05 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger: Stay CautiousSLB• Thu, Jul. 27, 5:34 PM • Sarfaraz A. KhanAnadarko Petroleum Could Have A Cash Flow ProblemAPC• Thu, Jul. 27, 5:31 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•1 CommentArcelorMittal 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMT• Thu, Jul. 27, 5:28 PM • SA TranscriptsIs American Midstream A Good Long-Term Investment?AMID• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:33 PM • Orthodox Investor•17 CommentsBP: Trying To Make The Best Out Of A Bad SituationBP• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:28 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•4 CommentsSunCoke Energy 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSXC• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:20 PM • SA TranscriptsCVR Energy, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCVI• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:18 PM • SA TranscriptsFission Uranium (FCUUF) Presents At Sprott Natural Resource Symposium - SlideshowFCUUF• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:06 PM • SA Transcripts•6 CommentsKlondex Mines (KLDX) Presents At Sprott Natural Resource Symposium - SlideshowKLDX• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:04 PM • SA TranscriptsYou're Doing Commodities Wrong: In Favor Of Global Natural Resource ETFsGNR, GRES, GUNR• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:41 PM • Casey SmithGasLog Partners LP 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGLOP• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPotash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPOT• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:35 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentWill Weak Guidance Hurt National Oilwell Varco?NOV• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:32 PM • Shock Exchange•5 CommentsGoldcorp: What To Do NowGG• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:06 PM • Gold Mining Bull•22 CommentsDecent Oil Service Earnings Fail To Perk Up ETFsIEZ, XLE, OIH• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:48 PM • Zacks Funds•1 CommentNew Gold Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNGD• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:16 PM • SA TranscriptsEnsco-Atwood Merger: 8% Arbitrage Opportunity Not Worth The RiskATW, ESV• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:50 AM • Vladimir Zernov•16 CommentsPotash Recovery UnderwayPOT• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:38 AM • Vladimir Zernov•9 CommentsSunCoke Energy Partners 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSXCP• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:17 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsSherritt International Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSHERF• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:52 AM • SA TranscriptsAnadarko's Q2 Results May Be Indicative Of Bad Quarter For Entire Shale PatchAPC• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:48 AM • Zoltan Ban•4 CommentsRoyal Dutch Shell plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRDS.A• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsPraxair, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPX• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:41 AM • SA TranscriptsQEP Resources, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesQEP• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:41 AM • SA TranscriptsWhiting Petroleum: Completion Schedule Explains Weak Q2 Production, But Leverage Remains A ChallengeEditors' Pick • WLL• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:39 AM • Richard Zeits•16 CommentsMarathon Petroleum Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMPC• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:39 AM • SA TranscriptsCarpenter Technology Corp 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCRS• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:30 AM • SA TranscriptsGibraltar Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesROCK• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:24 AM • SA TranscriptsHuntsman Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHUN• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:22 AM • SA TranscriptsCrescent Point Energy Corp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPG• Thu, Jul. 27, 10:12 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTurquoise Hill Resources: Catalysts Align In Its FavorTRQ• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:56 AM • Gary Bourgeault•5 CommentsChevron: Earnings PreviewCVX• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:35 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•5 CommentsTransocean: It's All About The Credit FacilityRIG• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:34 AM • Vladimir Zernov•10 CommentsSeadrill Partners: Negative Scenario Risk IncreasesSDLP• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:29 AM • Vladimir Zernov•15 CommentsW.R. Grace & Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGRA• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:27 AM • SA TranscriptsKraton Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKRA• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsWhiting Petroleum's Redtail Wells In Colorado Are A Serious Red Flag For Equity InvestorsEditors' Pick • WLL• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:14 AM • Bookvalue Hunter•28 CommentsCliffs Natural Resources Smashes Analyst EstimatesCLF• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:11 AM • Vladimir Zernov•140 CommentsFMC Technologies, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFTI• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:02 AM • SA TranscriptsEarnings Mark End Of Marathon Oil's Quiet PeriodMRO• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:02 AM • Callum Turcan•6 CommentsEnterprise Products Exporting Profits To InvestorsEPD• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:54 AM • Callum Turcan•23 Comments123456...713Next Page





Precious Metals Royalty And Streaming Companies: A Qualitative Analysis | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Precious Metals Royalty And Streaming Companies: A Qualitative AnalysisApr.  2, 2014 11:15 AM ET|| Includes: FNV, RGLD, SAND, WPMby: Lawrence ELawrence E Long only, gold & precious metals, contrarianSummaryAnalysts have gravely understated the value of the royalty and streaming companies by not understanding terminal value and by ignoring the rising price of gold.A thorough analysis of competition, risk, and management of precious metals royalty and streaming.Mining companies are capital-intensive commodity businesses and therefore are horrible investments. Precious metals royalty and streaming are nearly risk-free, and have enormous upside potential.The Mafia of the Gold Mining Industry
The dominant players in the industry include: Silver Wheaton, Franco Nevada, Royal Gold, Sandstorm Gold.
A Brief Explanation of the Business

The precious metals royalty/streaming company issues common shares, and the small management team receives cash.
They receive many phone calls/offers; they don't have to proactively make outgoing offers. They look at 300 prospects a year, and choose to do two or three deals.
Criteria for the streams include: Great asset with exploration upside, low cost quartile, and great management team.
The royalty/streaming company provides cash to an operator in exchange for a streaming contract imposed on the asset. The contract stipulates that the operator must pay the royalty/streaming company a certain portion of the precious metal ounces produced over the life of the mine.
The streaming company has fixed ongoing costs. However, the company is still exposed to cost pressures and other risks of the underlying operator, because the royalty/stream payments are dependent on production levels.


Royalty/Streaming Companies Provide Three Opportunities:

Exposure to the commodity, i.e. precious metals.
The interest rate and production/exploration upside can provide a return, even if the precious metal is shorted as a hedge.
Value arbitrage. Silver is often a by-product, not the core asset. Lead, zinc, nickel, copper, or other base metal mines generally do not want exposure to silver, and trade at lower P/Es than pure silver companies. The silver stream trades at a higher P/E when extracted from the base metal mine, and hence, instantaneous value is created. The fundamental reason pure gold/silver companies trade at higher P/E ratios is that the risk-free rate used can be close to zero considering that many investors hold physical gold/silver with no yield.


Financing the Various Phases of Mining:
First, a company must find a deposit through exploration. Once a discovery is made, the property must be developed; feasibility, permitting, and mine construction. Then, finally, production occurs.
The royalty/streaming companies can provide financing along every phase, namely; exploration, mine construction, and streams can be purchased on producing mines.
Exploration stage: The royalty/streaming companies can spend small amounts of money on exploration ventures with the opportunity for enormous returns. This method allows the royalty/streaming companies to take advantage of their very long-term perspective. Bank debt is not a viable option, because it is short-term in nature. Bonds are not particularly suitable, because ongoing interest payments are impractical for junior companies with no earnings. Most junior exploration companies are funded by equity. Equity investors must have a diversified portfolio of junior explorers, and always face the risk of bankruptcy or dilution. A company may run out of cash before making a major discovery, and be forced to shut down or dilute existing shareholders. Streaming/royalty companies can provide diversification, and because the royalty/stream is on the land, bankruptcy risk is non-existent; the project will be completed sooner or later if it is a quality asset.
Funding for mine construction: This allows the royalty/streaming company to bypass the many years of cumbersome exploration and permitting. After all the regulatory headaches are taken care of, the royalty/streaming company steps in to provide funding, and receives the gold shortly after.
Value arbitrage from producing mines: This method allows for instant value creation. Large commodity producers are not interested in their precious metal by-products. By separating the base metal from the precious metal, each part is able to trade at a higher valuation than the sum.
Outstanding Performance Under Worst-Case Scenario:
2012 and 2013 were years of rapidly rising costs for miners and crashing precious metal (and other commodity) prices.

Despite this;

The royalty/streaming companies are trading at near all-time highs, while many regular miners are trading near all-time lows.
The royalty/streaming companies have increased their dividends, while many operators have reduced or halted dividend payments.

Since their creation, the royalty/streaming companies have outperformed nearly every precious metals mining company. (When comparing past performance, one must keep survivorship bias in mind.) The price performance of many mining companies has been flat or down over the decade. During the same period, presumably a weak mining environment, the royalty/streaming companies have had outstanding performance.
The royalty/streaming companies have proven that they are able to outperform the gold/silver ETFs; their premium relative to the price of gold/silver ETFs has expanded over time.
The stock prices of royalty/streaming companies have gone up, despite leveraged exposure to precious metal prices, in a declining market, and heavy exposure to mining conditions, in a rising cost environment.
Streams
The only difference between a royalty and a stream is that the latter includes fixed ongoing payments for each ounce of precious metal purchased.
The stream's fixed ongoing payments are usually as low as $400 per ounce of gold and $4 per ounce of silver.
When most investors learn about these low cash costs, they typically think that the mining companies try to bargain the fixed ongoing payment upwards.
… But actually, it's the opposite. When the mining companies look at a spreadsheet, they quickly realize that they can receive more money to build their mine (the upfront payment) if they reduce the ongoing payments.
The streaming companies have been able to force up the fixed ongoing payments, which illustrates their strong bargaining power.
Fixed Costs and Indirect Cost Exposure
Royalty/streaming companies have fixed costs, and are therefore not directly affected by cost increases. However, because costs affect the miners adversely, the royalty/streaming companies are indirectly negatively impacted by rising costs.

Royalty/stream payments are made from the operator's revenue, and are thus not directly impacted by rising costs. For the operator, falling costs allow for margin expansion and rising costs force margins to shrink. In contrast, changes in costs do not affect the profit margins of the royalty/streaming companies. This is a clear advantage for the royalty/streaming companies, because inflationary pressures are relentless. Mining is a labor-intensive industry, and labor costs have a tendency to rise persistently, especially due to union pressures.
If costs rise for the operator, then production is likely to decline and ramp-ups/exploration upside become restricted. This greatly reduces the value of the royalty/stream, even when margins are unaffected.
In the event that there is an issue with the mine, the royalty/streaming company suffers a delay in production, whereas the operator must;

Continue paying employees.
Suffer equipment maintenance costs.
Pay the cost of fixing the issue.
If necessary, dilute shareholders at precisely the wrong time.

Rising costs may create cash flow problems for the operator increasing bankruptcy risk but, on the other hand, it also creates an opportunity for the royalty/streaming companies to provide more financing.
Mine Shutdown
The main risk for the royalty/streaming companies is the possibility that the mine shuts down. There is no recourse for the royalty/streaming company. Of course, if the mine restarts production, regardless of how long it takes, the royalty/streaming company remains entitled to receive payment.
To avoid this problem, the management invests only in high-quality assets. Mines that are in low cost quartiles are unlikely to stop producing, irrespective of low commodity prices.
Once a mine shuts down, it is very difficult to start it up again. The company would rather continue to operate unprofitably, than shut down for various reasons:

The management loses their salaries.
The operator may lose its permits.
The equipment rusts without costly ongoing maintenance.
Employees that are laid off must be re-hired.


The Price of Gold, and Rigid-Minded Analysts:
When calculating the value of royalties/streams, analysts erroneously use flat gold/silver prices, and then they use ridiculously low discount rates to justify the seemingly high valuation.
Analysts are right to use a low risk premium because of the extremely low risk involved with the royalty/streaming model, but the discount rate typically used is clearly reverse-engineered to justify the market valuation.
It only makes sense to use flat gold prices for regular mining companies, whose costs rise with inflation. Using flat gold prices and flat costs is equivalent to making equal inflation adjustments for both prices and costs, which leaves the margins constant over time. Gold prices must rise faster than mining costs; otherwise, gold mining companies cannot capture any benefit from inflation. In contrast, the royalty/streaming companies have fixed costs, and hence, the value of royalties mimics the gold price. If an adjustment is made to include rising precious metal prices, i.e. a 5% average compounded annual increase, then the value of the stream increases dramatically.
Over time, gold prices will naturally rise at a rate equal to money supply growth, because the supply of gold is virtually fixed. One can easily calculate a conservative compounded annual growth rate of roughly 5%: (Current price of gold) = (1975 price of gold)*(1+r)^38



Discount Rate: Inflation
The supply of precious metal is virtually fixed, unlike the supply of consumer goods, which grows over time.
If average annual money supply growth is 5%, then the price of precious metals (virtually fixed in supply) will rise at 5% per year on average over time.
If average annual money supply growth is 5% and the supply of consumer goods increases at an average rate of 2% per year, then consumer price inflation will be 3% annually.
The royalty/streaming companies have continuous annual revenue growth of 5%, and they can discount inflation at 3%. Given these figures, holding precious metals provides a 2% real yield per annum.
Risk premium: The business model is very low-risk. As long as the asset is high-quality and commodity prices are at reasonable levels, then the only risk is a delay in production. Thus, the risk premium can be low.
Discount Rate: Infinitely Valuable?
The price of royalty/streaming companies could arguably be infinite if they have the ability to endlessly provide any degree of alpha to the price of gold or silver.
Many individuals hold gold/silver with zero yield (negative yield if storage costs are taken into consideration), suggesting that the discount rate on precious metals should be zero. If royalty/streaming companies can receive any positive yield on their precious metal-denominated loans, then these returns can be discounted at a discount rate of zero. Assuming the funds can be continually re-invested forever into the future, an infinite stream of earnings can be summed to arrive at the price of royalty/streaming companies.
On the other hand, from the perspective of income return or per share earnings, the performance of streaming/royalty companies may not necessarily be that good.
Royalty vs. Stream
The only difference between a stream and a royalty is that a stream includes fixed ongoing payments for each ounce of precious metal purchased.
Streams have a powerful advantage over royalties. Inflation can only reduce future dollar-denominated liabilities. The upfront fixed payment cannot be affected, no matter how much inflation is created afterwards. The stream's ongoing fixed per ounce payments can be wiped out through inflation.

Another advantage of a stream, compared to a royalty, is that there is less disincentive to mine, because the streaming company pays part of the cost. The royalty/stream company must ensure it does not take too much of the profits of the miner.
There is no liquidity risk with a royalty or a stream. The stream's ongoing payments never pose a liquidity problem, because the ongoing payments always coincide with the royalty/stream precious metal payments. The fixed ongoing per ounce cost is just a technicality. (If ever the price of gold/silver goes below the fixed ongoing per ounce cost, the contract stipulates that in that case the market price is paid.)
Streams Benefit from Inflation Through Margin Expansion
If a royalty company provides ten million dollars in exchange for 11,000 ounces of gold (at $1000/ounce) one year later, then regardless of the level of money printing, the real return on the inflation-hedged investment is 10%.
An inflation hedge is neutral in the sense that it defends you against inflation, but it does not allow you to benefit from inflation. The beauty of a stream, compared to a royalty, is that fixed currency-denominated payments are made in the future.
Example: A streaming company gives ten million dollars in exchange for 11000 ounces of gold ($1500/ounce), plus an ongoing payment of $500/ounce at the end of one year. Analysts would get a cash margin of $1000 in both cases (the previous royalty example). However, if there is hyperinflation, the $500 ongoing payment would effectively disappear, leaving the company with a $1500 cash margin.
The stream, unlike a royalty, allows the holder to benefit from inflation by having the ongoing cash payment slowly decrease in real terms. The gold price will rise based solely on an increase in the supply of money, thereby increasing stream revenue proportionately, while the ongoing payments remain the same.
The benefit can be calculated by factoring in a rising gold price (5%) into the spreadsheet.




Management
The royalty/streaming companies have very few employees, the majority of which are managers. Silver Wheaton has about 30 employees, Franco-Nevada has about 20, and Royal Gold has about 21 employees. Sandstorm Gold and Sandstorm Metals & Energy have a combined 16 employees. Given that there are only a handful of employees, rising administrative costs will not harm the business, and any slack can be identified and removed promptly.
Management has a lot of control over the business. Management can be patient and not engage in deals if precious metal prices are too high, or if it is not satisfied with the return.
Additionally, the company can:

Buy royalties to acquire a right of first refusal.
Engage in share repurchases.
Return cash to shareholders through a dividend.
Acquire existing royalty/streaming companies.

"Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot is probably going to run it." - Peter Lynch
The managements of all four dominant players have already done a wonderful job at acquiring a valuable portfolio of royalties and streams... they are now useless. Any additional deals are likely to be less profitable than the ones that management has already made (based on diminishing marginal returns, i.e. management will pick the low-hanging fruit first.) Only accretive deals, i.e. deals with higher rates of return than the existing average, will make the company more valuable on a per share basis.

Royalty/streaming companies do not necessarily need management. If the cost of management is one percent of market capitalization (or, say, ten percent of earnings) per year, then the market cap should rise by ten percent (assuming the earnings are discounted at 10%) the day the management is fired.
Of course, if management is fired, then terminal value will vanish.
A Potential Problem
Management benefits, through an increase in compensation, from having a very large company. The management could be tempted to issue common shares to engage in non-accretive deals which would dilute shareholders. The managers can make it seem like they are finding projects with high rates of return by choosing deals with greater risks.
The managements of the dominant companies have been very shareholder-friendly, and there is no evidence to suggest that this will change.
Silver Wheaton did not engage in a deal for roughly 2 years (2010-2012) during a period of very high spot silver prices.
Silver Wheaton's Vale deal is an example of shareholder-friendly behavior and long-term thinking. Many analysts were disappointed with the Salobo deal because of a supposedly low IRR, not recognizing its risk-free nature and high potential for production upside.
Terminal Value:
Simply discounting the existing royalty/stream payments to the present does NOT provide a full representation of the royalty/streaming company's value. Once the royalties/streams mature, the funds can be re-invested. If management can make new loans at a rate superior to that of a risk-free sovereign bond, then this alpha must be discounted to the present and added to the value of the company.
For example:
Assume the management can re-invest the proceeds from any royalties/streams that mature at a risk-free rate of 5% (this number is conservative considering it includes the lending rate, the rising price of gold, and exploration/production upside). If a long-term government bond is trading at 4%, then the alpha produced by management is 1% per year forever into the future. The 1%, if discounted at the long-term government bond rate, is worth 25% at the maturity date of the original royalties/streams. This 25% needs to be further discounted to the present, at the risk-free rate. If on average, the royalties/streams mature in 15 years, then the present value of the 25% outperformance is worth 13.88% (25%/(1.04^15)).

If management cannot continuously reinvest the company's funds at superior returns, then their existence is not justified and they should immediately be fired. (Management can also justify its existence by finding accretive deals, but this is limited.)
Competition: Worst-Case Scenario:
Royalty/streaming companies are essentially financing companies, and thus, they compete with other royalty/streaming companies, debt (including bank debt), and equity.
The worst-case scenario for the royalty/streaming companies, with respect to competition, is that they halt operations and fire management. The companies can simply stop doing deals, hold their existing portfolios, and return excess cash to investors.
Of course, this will wipe out terminal value, but this is somewhat offset by eliminating management.
Fortunately, the worst-case scenario is an unlikely outcome.
Competition: Royalty/Streaming Companies
The companies that have chosen to avoid the actual mining of gold have prospered.

Prospect generators: Virginia Mines, Reservoir Minerals, Abitibi Royalties, Solitario Exploration & Royalty. The prospect generators represent potential competitors that may begin to compete.
Small competitors: Altius Minerals, Callinan Royalties, Anglo Pacific Group.

The business model of the royalty/streaming companies is to consider and analyze various mines, determine which are the most lucrative, and then pay an appropriate price for the royalty/stream. Acquiring royalties/streams is essentially identical to acquiring companies, especially other royalty companies. The dominant players have the ability to examine the existing royalty/streaming companies and acquire the best ones, e.g. International Royalty Corporation, Premier Royalties, Gold Wheaton, etc.
Industry consolidation reduces competition and reinforces the niches of each of the major players.
Competition: Niches
Silver Wheaton dominates the silver streaming space; the other players are reluctant to compete for silver deals too fiercely. Sandstorm has explicitly stated that it will not compete with Gold Wheaton (when GLW still existed as a separate entity) or Silver Wheaton. Silver Wheaton, for the most part, stays within its niche by engaging in very large silver streams (not royalties). Royal Gold and Franco-Nevada purchase many royalties on exploration projects. Franco-Nevada's assets consist of roughly 20% oil & gas.

Due to Sandstorm's small size, it will surely encounter less competition. Only large deals move the needle for the larger players, and therefore, management cannot get bogged down by the small deals that Sandstorm is interested in. Additionally, royalty/streaming companies serve as a second set of eyes and reinforce the legitimacy and quality of the project. Small companies benefit disproportionately from this, because the market sees that the royalty/streaming company checks off on the quality of the asset.
Unlike debt, stream financing is patient capital. There are no covenants that the miner can trip over. Royalty/streaming companies are partners of the mining companies; their interests are aligned. Sandstorm's management is interested in ultimately being a one-stop financing entity for mining companies. Based on the specific mine, Sandstorm can determine how the capital structure (comprised of equity, debt, and stream financing) should be formed. This allows royalty/streaming companies to build a brand and to build relationships with the mining companies, further strengthening their market position.
Niches: Various Phases of Mining
Various phases of mining include:

Exploration;
Mine construction; and
Production.

Royalties/streams can be purchased in each category. Analyzing the value of royalties/streams requires a different skill set for every different mining phase. This creates an opportunity for the royalty/streaming companies to build a niche.
Niches:
Buying royalties on exploration projects: This requires being able to figure out whether an asset is viable, whether a major discovery will be made, and/or whether a mine will be built and in how much time.
Funding for mine construction: It is necessary to analyze the specific operator, unlike the exploration method, where quality of the asset is the only consideration. The operator must be strong financially. The operator's management must be highly experienced. Exploration/production upside is relevant, but ensuring that the mine is built without encountering too many technical (and legal) problems is paramount. Given that large producers have access to equity and debt markets, this category involves dealing with small mining companies.

Value arbitrage: This method involves transactions with large producers (generally financially sound and highly experienced). Assessing production/exploration upside and determining if the costs are sufficiently low is essential.
Competition: Industry
As the industry expands from its current state of infancy, there may be a lot of room for growth and room for new streaming companies for many years. The combined market capitalization of the dominant players is less than $25 billion.
Additionally, many competitors may focus their efforts away from the precious metals space, on the much undeveloped base metal and energy royalty/streaming industry, e.g. Altius Minerals, Sandstorm Metals & Energy.
The commodity royalty/streaming industry can easily be 5% of the global mining industry (roughly 2 trillion), which suggests an industry size of at least $100 billion.
Competition: Barriers to Entry
Barriers to entry are surprisingly high:

Nolan Watson, an expert in the field (considering his experience at SLW) and a workaholic, had a difficult time starting up Sandstorm. Potential investors were reluctant to invest. The model seemed too good to be true, and they felt they had to be missing something.
The royalty/streaming companies consider hundreds of deals, and only do a few per year. The capability of management is crucial, but it is difficult to prove their skill and establish credibility without a long-term track record; the outcome of exploration projects is not known for years, even decades.
Many companies that try to enter the space run out of cash. They do not get into cash flowing positions, and so, they end up being bought out or merged.
The stream contracts must ensure that the tax structure, accounting structure, and legal framework are all properly aligned. Some start-up streaming companies have had trouble doing this.
David Harquail claims that the hit rate for "true value creation events", such as Goldstrike, Detour, Tasiast, and other major discoveries that FNV holds a royalties on is 1 in 20. A new royalty company will not be sufficiently diversified to ensure great returns. The deals are very large, and becoming larger, and thus, large amounts of capital are required to create a diversified royalty/streaming company.


Competition: Debt
Debt finance and the mining companies' incentives are not aligned.
Banks are heavily regulated, and hence, inefficient. They are not legally allowed to engage in royalty/stream finance. It is notoriously difficult for junior mining companies putting their first or second asset into production to acquire bank finance. It may take three to six months or longer to acquire the funds. In contrast, royalties and streams can be arranged extremely quickly. The due diligence that is done on the mining companies is costly, and even then, there is no commitment from the banks that they will lend. Even if the bank does lend, there are extremely onerous covenants. Banks may force miners to hedge their production as a condition for a loan. The covenants often force the company to raise equity (diluting shareholders). If the tight covenants are breached and the bank gets nervous, it can seize assets or demand that more collateral is put up for the loan.
Bonds bring risk of default. Interest payments can be difficult to make during turbulent times. Additionally, unexpected production delays can make principal repayment difficult even when the company is fundamentally solvent. The companies can't roll over their debt or issue equity at precisely the wrong time; when there are low gold prices and high costs. Nearly every mine has unforeseen challenges that create short-term liquidity problems and make it easy to trip over debt covenants.
Bondholders and banks are not as patient as royalty/streaming companies, and serve as a source of stress for mining companies.
Competition: Equity
The main competition for royalty/streaming companies is the equity market. Equity shares in the upside and the downside potential of a project, and is just as patient as royalty/stream capital.
Ideally, the royalty/streams can be used to complement equity. This way, the royalty/streams can receive large returns and have the equity holders bear the risk.
The ability to do royalty/stream deals is somewhat countercyclical;


During a mining and precious metal bull market, there is plenty of financing available through equity. This restricts the royalty/streaming company's ability to do deals. Regardless, the companies will perform well, because precious metal prices and mining conditions will presumably be favorable. Note that this is a natural constraint on the management's ability to complete large deals at the height of the market.
During a mining and precious metal bear market, financing will dry up and opportunities will be available for the royalty/streaming companies.

Streams Are MORE Dilutive Than Equity
The typical argument is that if the share price is below NAV (book value), then equity dilution will be especially burdensome. It is a fallacy to believe that streams are less dilutive than equity. Mining company share prices are low when mining conditions are weak, which suggests that in such an environment, the terms of a stream will be favorable to the royalty/streaming company (and thus, highly dilutive to shareholders).
Royalty/streams receive all the upside if the mining company does well, and have less downside if the company performs poorly.
If stream finance is used;

And the company has positive earnings, then the stream will receive payment, thereby diluting shareholders.
And the company has negative earnings, but does have revenue, then the stream will receive payment, thereby diluting shareholders.

If equity finance is used;

And the company has positive earnings, then new equity will dilute shareholders.
And the company has negative earnings, then the new equity will help to dilute the losses for the previous shareholders.

If the mine shuts down or bankruptcy occurs, then the shareholders likely get wiped out, and streamholders will either be treated like subordinated debt holders or simply have to wait for another operator to come along.
Shareholder vs. Streamholder


Too Good to Be True?
The business model seems to not make any sense. Why would the royalty/streaming companies issue equity and then transfer the money to mining companies? Why wouldn't the mining companies just issue equity?
Is there a fundamental/economic reason for the existence of royalties and streams?
The royalty/stream has the unique capability of being placed, or concentrated, on one specific mine, compared to equity, which applies to the entire company's earnings.
Why would an operator choose a royalty/stream instead of equity? One reason, previously mentioned, is value arbitrage. The mining company can kill two birds with one stone; raise funds and divest itself of a non-core asset. This method allows the mining company to raise funds by concentrating its sale on one specific part (the stream) of the mine.
If an equity investor wants to invest in a specific mine of a mining company that owns many mines, he cannot do so without taking on the rest of the company's assets. By allowing investors to invest in the mines of which they are most optimistic, the cost of capital is reduced. Additionally, if the value of one specific mine has not declined as much as other lower-quality assets, all held by the same mining company, then the mining company can benefit by issuing a royalty/stream on the asset that is not selling at a distressed price.
There may be financial risk, such as a high debt load. The underlying asset might be great, but prospective shareholders might be reluctant to invest because of bankruptcy risk. Even if the expected return for shareholders is high, the volatility of earnings can make bankruptcy a possibility. Attempting to roll over the debt and take on more debt can be very difficult under distressed conditions. Streams are like debt in that they are less exposed in the case of bankruptcy, but are patient like equity.
When a royalty/stream is imposed on the land, it reduces the value of the land. If the mining company sells the land after applying a royalty/stream, it will receive less. This reduces the cushion for bondholders. Bond covenants can be circumvented, assuming there are no provisions about royalties/streams. Bondholders are effectively being robbed to benefit the shareholders and the stream/royalty holder.

High Lending Rates
Sandstorm generally prices its deals using a 5%-10% discount rate, conservative commodity prices, and then considers whether there is enough production and exploration upside potential.
As evidenced by many deals, Sandstorm applies an annual 10% charge in a formulaic manner to repurchase agreements that are offered. Most stream deals do not include a repurchase option and, typically, only up to 50% of the stream can be bought back by the mining company. The mining company would not have negotiated for the buy-back option were it not favorable, suggesting that the 10% annual rate of return is the minimum that Sandstorm is expecting.
The use of a systematic approach suggests that the performance can be repeated and does not rely solely on management's ability.
A Business with Little-to-No Debt, Yet a High Capacity for Debt
Royalty/streaming companies have the capacity to hold a large amount of debt for several reasons:
A very liquid business-
The royalty/streaming companies often hold large cash stocks, they are constantly issuing equity, and free cash flow is continuously generated from the royalties/streams.
Stable earnings-
Unlike some operators, a royalty/streaming company is diversified across many different mines in different geopolitical environments. Royalty/streaming companies have a lower risk profile, because they are not directly affected by cost increases, and additionally, they are not fully exposed to technical problems with the mine.
Continuously growing earnings-
A high debt load can be sustained as long as the company keeps growing (i.e. as long as there is continuously more cash inflow than outflow.)
The royalty/streaming business model requires that royalties/streams are continuously purchased. Therefore, an increasing amount of cash continuously flows into the business, while any increase in debt lags behind.
The debt, relative to equity, declines as the company grows on an absolute (and per share) basis. However, as long as the company expects to grow in the future, it can maintain its high debt-to-equity ratio on an ongoing basis, with very little risk.

The precious metals stream/royalty industry is still in its infancy, and has a lot more growth ahead of it. The low-risk financial leverage can magnify performance.
Royalties/streams yield higher rates than debt-
There are several reasons for this:

Royalties/streams are unsecured (debt is secured), and therefore, should naturally provide higher return.
Royalties/streams have principal payments embedded in the return.
Debt is not inflation-hedged like precious metals royalties/streams.

The ability to borrow at low rates and lend at higher rates allows virtually an unlimited amount of debt to be sustainable.
Potential to Become a Ponzi Scheme
No one ever really knows whether a dividend is real, i.e. whether it is justified by earnings, or whether equity is being distributed back to shareholders.
Consider a scenario where the royalty/streaming companies started paying a 20% dividend yield. The dividend would be received by the existing shareholders at the expense of the newer shareholders. New shares are continuously being issued for new royalties and streams, and therefore, there are always newer shareholders arriving to fund the previous shareholders. The royalties/streams often last decades, and therefore, there is no way to know whether they are profitable or not for a long time.
The only thing that would put a stop to this virtuous cycle is if investors stopped believing that the real return on investment is 20%, and realized that it was all just a Ponzi scheme.
Of course, any company can do this, but because royalty/streaming companies constantly issue shares, it would be far more difficult to identify.
Risk Mitigation Through a Base Metal Put
The beauty of the royalty/streaming model is that it is insulated from nearly every risk. However, there is one important risk that must be considered.
Often, the royalties/streams are placed on base metal mines. If base metal prices were to collapse, many of the base metal mines would become uneconomic and, thus, by-product precious metal production would correspondingly decrease.

Additionally, base metal credits are used to offset cash costs of precious metal mining. Therefore, if base metal prices fall, cash costs will rise for precious metal mines, resulting in lower production and lower royalty/stream proceeds.
Fortunately, this risk can be hedged out using a base metal (e.g. copper) way out-of-the-money put.
When to Buy?
If the spread between the price of Silver Wheaton is high, on a historical basis, relative to the price of physical silver, then it may be best to wait for the premium to diminish or, even better, turn into a discount.
Silver Wheaton represents a stream of future silver, and therefore, optimism about future silver prices is reflected heavily in the share price. And vice versa, under pessimistic conditions, it is likely that the price of Silver Wheaton will be low relative to physical silver.
Disclosure: The author is long SLW, SAND. The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it. The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandTagged: Macro View, Gold & Precious Metals, Basic Materials, Editors' PicksWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Lawrence E and get email alerts







10-Q: INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









12:33 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
                                





 
12:20 A.M. ET


                                  Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7/28


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7/28


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
7/28


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
7/28


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.
    








    By

Published: Nov 19, 2013 4:36 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our condensed consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity position for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2013. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 and notes thereto contained in the information filed as part of the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the Commission on December 24, 2012. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.  Forward-Looking Statements  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" that are based on management's current expectations. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including without limitation the following: (i) our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion;  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''may,'' ''will,'' ''should,'' ''could,'' ''expects,'' ''plans,'' ''intends,'' ''anticipates,'' ''believes,'' ''estimates,'' ''predicts,'' ''potential,'' or ''continue'' or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report.  The following paragraphs provide information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions.  Overview  We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 17, 2011. On December 1, 2011, we entered into a Unit Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement with Garden State Valet, LLC ("GSV") whereby GSV became our wholly owned subsidiary. Until October 1, 2013, we, through GSV, was in the business of providing valet parking management services for hotels, restaurants, country clubs, retail centers and private events in New Jersey. The operations of GSV ceased on October 1, 2013.  We now plan to pursue a metals streaming business by acquiring and managing precious metals streams, royalties and other similar interests in connection with the change of control event described below. A stream is a non-operating interest in a mining project that provides the right to purchase metals produced from such project for a fixed price for a specified period of time in exchange for an upfront payment with such terms defined in the metals purchase agreement. Royalties are non-operating interests in mining projects that provide the right to revenue or metals produced from the project after deducting specified costs, if any. We currently, and generally at any time, have acquisition opportunities in various stages of active review, including, for example, our engagement of consultants and advisors to analyze particular opportunities, analysis of technical, financial and other confidential information, submission of indications of interest, participation in preliminary discussions and negotiations and involvement as a potential metals stream purchaser. As of September 30, 2013, however, we had not entered into any definitive agreement in connection therewith.  Change of Control  On August 9, 2013, six accredited investors (the "Purchasers") acquired 12,500,000 shares of our common stock in the aggregate then held by our former sole officer and director Neil Scheckter who, prior to such acquisition, held approximately 77.22% of our then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Immediately thereafter, we caused 4,093,750 shares of our common stock that one of the Purchasers purchased to be cancelled pursuant to a Cancellation Agreement that we entered into with such Purchaser on August 9, 2013. As a result, Mr. Scheckter relinquished his control of our company and resigned as our sole officer and director, and Kyle Floyd was appointed in his place.  In connection with the change of control transaction, effective September 26, 2013, we changed our name from "GS Valet, Inc." to "International Metals Streaming Corp."  Forward Stock Split  On August 26, 2013, our board of directors approved a 2.5-for-1 forward stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock, which became effective on October 7, 2013. The forward stock split affected all shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the record date of October 3, 2013, and each owner of one share of common stock received 2.5 shares of common stock, without any change in par value per share. No fractional shares were issued. The forward stock split increased the number of issued and outstanding common stock from 5,400,035 to 13,500,092. All share amount and share price information herein give effect to such forward stock split.  Company Financing  On August 9, 2013, we entered into the following agreements: (1) a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the same date, by and among us and two accredited investors (the "Investors," and such agreement the "Purchase Agreement"); and  Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we agreed to sell and issue to the Investors 1,406,337 shares of our common stock at $4.266 per share (the "Shares"). The closing thereof occurred on August 9, 2013 (the "Closing"), with gross proceeds to the Company of $6 million in connection thereof, comprising of $1 million in cash and $5 million in promissory notes issued by Preciosa Streaming Company Inc., a Barbados company ("Preciosa"). Preciosa issued the promissory notes to the Investors, who assigned them to the Company at the Closing pursuant to the Assignment Agreement. The Purchase Agreement includes customary representations and warranties by each party thereto. In addition, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as commercially reasonable after the Closing to register the Shares for resale by the Investors, and to have such registration statement declared effective as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter. The registration statement must also remain continuously effective until the sooner of when all the Shares covered by the registration statement have been sold, or may be sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(b) promulgated thereunder. Otherwise, the Company is required to include any Shares in any registration statement that the Company may file during such period, other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or S-8.  Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, each Investor agreed to transfer and assign to the registrant all of such Investor's title, rights and obligations in and to the promissory note issued to such Investor by Preciosa, in exchange for 1,171,948 shares of the Shares in the aggregate for both Investors.  Results of Operations For the three month period ended September 30, 2013 2012 Revenue $ 13,137 $ 4,050 General and Administrative Expenses 427,455 16,661 Loss from operations (414,318) (12,611) Other income (expense) - - Interest Expense 435 408 Net loss $ (414,753) $ (13,019)  For the three month period ended September 30, 2013 and 2012  Revenue  For the three months ended September 30, 2013, we had $13,137 in revenue as compared to $4,050 for the three months ended September 30, 2012, which was an increase of $9,087 or 224.4%. Such increase can be attributed to our marketing efforts of our valet business prior to our decision to close down its operations after September 2013. Specifically, in March 2013, we began to provide valet services to a restaurant/catering hall on a regular weekly basis which led to an increase in revenue through the current period.  General and Administrative Expenses  For the three months ended September 30, 2013, our general and administrative expenses totaled $427,455 as compared to $16,661 for the three months ended September 30, 2012, which was an increase of $410,794 or 2,465.6%. Such increase is principally the result of increased professional expenses and consulting fees, including $300,000 paid to a stockholder, associated with the changing nature of our business.  Net Loss For the three months ended September 30, 2013, our net loss was $(414,753), or $0.03 per common share (basic and diluted), as compared to a net loss of $(13,019), or $0.00 per common share (basic and diluted), for the three months ended September 30, 2012, which is an increase of $401,734. Such increase was directly attributable to increased professional expenses and consulting fees. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2013 2012 Revenue $ 34,659 7,375 General and Administrative Expenses 461,777 28,827 Loss from operations (427,118) (21,452) Other income (expense) - - Interest Expense 1,848 1,532 Net loss $ (428,966) (22,984)  For the nine month period ended September 30, 2013 and 2012  Revenue  For the nine months ended September 30, 2013, we had $34,659 in revenue as compared to $7,375 for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, which was an increase of $27,284 or 370.0%. Such increase can be attributed to our marketing efforts of our valet business prior to our decision to close down its operations after September 2013. Specifically, in March 2013, we began to provide valet services to a restaurant/catering hall on a regular weekly basis which led to an increase in revenue.  General and Administrative Expenses  For the nine months ended September 30, 2013, our general and administrative expenses totaled $461,777 as compared to $28,827 for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, which was an increase of $432,950 or 1,501.9%. Such increase is principally the result of increased professional expenses and consulting fees, including $300,000 paid to a stockholder, associated with the changing nature of our business.  Net Loss  For the nine months ended September 30, 2013, our net loss was $(428,966), or $0.03 per common share (basic and diluted), as compared to a net loss of $(22,984), or $0.00 per common share (basic and diluted), for the nine months ended September 30, 2012, which is an increase of $405,982. Such increase was directly attributable to increased professional expenses and consulting fees.  Liquidity and Capital Resources In summary, our cash flows are as follows (amounts in $): Nine Months Ended September 30 2013 2012 Net cash (used in) operating activities $ (328,564) $ (12,529) Net cash provided by financing activities 329,705 14,750  Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2013 was a result of increased costs attributable to professional expenses and consulting fees. Net cash used in operating activities for the same period of 2012 was mainly attributable to our continuing efforts to develop the valet business.  Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2013 was primarily the result of our sale of equity securities. Net cash provided by financing activities for the same period of 2012 was mainly a result of our issuance of notes payable.  As of September 30, 2013, we had cash and cash equivalents of $8,790, funds held in an attorney trust account of $5,688,296, total current assets of $5,697,086 and current liabilities of $102,749.  Off-balance Sheet Arrangements  We had no off-balance sheet arrangements at September 30, 2013.  Contractual Obligations  We had no contractual obligations at September 30, 2013.  Critical Accounting Policies  We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be important at the time the condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared. Due to the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. On a regular basis, we review our critical accounting policies and how they are applied in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements.  While we believe that the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material.  For a full description of our critical accounting policies, please refer to Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Use of Estimates  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenues, costs and expenses during the reporting period. Management evaluates these estimates and assumptions on a regular basis. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Nov 19, 2013  (c) 1995-2013 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family


Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400


Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s





Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400





Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News





What to do in your 50s to build wealth for your retirement




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 























 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 









Our Best Investing Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Our Best Investing IdeasSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Yesterday, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•5 CommentsThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Yesterday, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Yesterday, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Yesterday, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•7 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Yesterday, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•5 CommentsCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•5 CommentsDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Thu, Jul. 27, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFANexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•3 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Thu, Jul. 27, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Thu, Jul. 27, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•4 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Thu, Jul. 27, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•6 CommentsInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•14 CommentsGazprom: Russia's Corporate DiamondEditors' Pick • OGZPY• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:04 PM • Dennis Viliardos•18 CommentsAfter 2 Years In The Doghouse, Box Is Poised To Break Past Its $20 IPO HurdleEditors' Pick • BOX• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:53 PM • Gary Alexander•4 CommentsZion Oil & Gas - Drilling Dry Holes Til $0; Will Bankruptcy Court Or Extreme Dilution Get Them There First?Editors' Pick • ZN• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:30 AM • Fuzzy Panda Shorts•35 CommentsTT Electronics: A Case Study Of Management TurnaroundEditors' Pick • TTGPF• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:43 AM • Simeon RusanovIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•7 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•40 CommentsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•59 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•9 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•4 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•14 CommentsQEP Resources: Imminent And Longer Term CatalystsEditors' Pick • QEP• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:39 AM • Richard Zeits•57 CommentsIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:14 AM • Philip Ryan•10 CommentsEssential Energy Services: Too Cheap To IgnoreEditors' Pick • EEYUF• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:52 AM • Michael Munro•13 CommentsThe Long Case For Sands ChinaEditors' Pick • SCHYF, SCHYY• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Catalyst TraderThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Stephen Saroki•2 CommentsThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsHow Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Got Into This MessEditors' Pick • TOO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:21 PM • Long Player•175 CommentsDump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible AcquisitionsEditors' Pick • CBB, HCOM• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:39 AM • John Zhang•10 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentPapa Murphy's Holdings: An Overlooked Competitor In A Crowded SpaceEditors' Pick • FRSH• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:19 AM • Dining Stocks Online•14 CommentsStock Exchange: Sizzling Summer Picks In Discretionary SpendingEditors' Pick • COST, PEJ, TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:57 PM • Jeff Miller•24 CommentsThe Short Case For HubspotEditors' Pick • HUBS• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Short Biased•4 CommentsThe Long Case For AritziaEditors' Pick • ATZAF• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Kara Stessl•4 CommentsMicron And Intel: The AI And Security Play Of The CenturyEditors' Pick • MU• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:13 PM • Stephen Breezy•388 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•136 CommentsA Basket Of Stocks To Play The Impending Clean Energy/EV Boom - Part 1 (Lithium)Editors' Pick • CRECF, EEYMF, PILBF• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:10 AM • FI Fighter•22 CommentsBurlington Stores Looks TemptingEditors' Pick • BURL• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:08 AM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsDundee Precious Metals - Derisked And Deeply UndervaluedEditors' Pick • DPMLF• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:45 AM • Simple Digressions•23 Comments'Everybody's Gotta Eat': Restaurant Stocks In FocusEditors' Pick • BWLD, CMG, MENU• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • SA Marketplace•28 CommentsNew Residential Investment Corp. Is Currently Undervalued By 20%Editors' Pick • NRZ• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • Scott Kennedy•164 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•8 CommentsTeekay Corp. - J Mintzmyer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • TK• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:21 PM • J Mintzmyer•113 CommentsBriggs & Stratton: American Icon Trading At A DiscountEditors' Pick • BGG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:54 PM • Michael Boyd•6 CommentsWhy Google AdSense Is The Heart And Soul Of Alphabet's Advertising EmpireEditors' Pick • GOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:58 AM • Motek Moyen•30 CommentsEnergy Sector - The Last Value PlayEditors' Pick • TS, VREYF, APA• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:58 AM • Andrea Bernasconi•2 CommentsHalcon Resources: A New Player On The Permian Block That Can SurpriseEditors' Pick • HK• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:53 AM • Richard Zeits•48 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSAExploration Holdings: An Interesting SpeculationEditors' Pick • SAEX• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:54 AM • Amit Ghate•12 CommentsApplied Optoelectronics: Still A Conviction Long - Strong Execution And Earnings Momentum Means Raising Of EPS Estimates, And Price Target To $125Editors' Pick • AAOI• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:26 AM • Jay Deahna•198 CommentsYes, Vera Bradley Still Is A ShortEditors' Pick • VRA• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:44 AM • Vince Martin•12 CommentsRestoration Hardware Discloses The #1 Controversial Share Buyback Of The YearEditors' Pick • RH• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:30 AM • Ioannis Tsoutsias, CFA•21 CommentsAlibaba Affiliate Ant Financial: World's Largest Fintech Poised For More GrowthEditors' Pick • BABA• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:08 PM • LD Investments•46 CommentsQuintiles IMS: A Novel Way To Invest In BiopharmaEditors' Pick • Q• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:55 PM • In Sickness and Wealth•5 CommentsCyberArk's Single Quarter Miss Is A Long-Term BenefitEditors' Pick • CYBR• Mon, Jul. 17, 1:59 PM • Joe Albano•11 CommentsThe Undiscovered Katahdin BanksharesEditors' Pick • KTHN• Sat, Jul. 15, 7:15 AM • Carlton Getz•7 CommentsValhi: Does Sum Of The Parts Show A Discount?Editors' Pick • VHI• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:43 PM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsPolar Power: More To Come Over The VerizonEditors' Pick • POLA• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:02 PM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsMitel Is A Value Play In Unified CommunicationsEditors' Pick • MITL• Fri, Jul. 14, 2:11 PM • Focus Equity•6 CommentsLindsay Corporation: Shorts CapitulateEditors' Pick • LNN• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:53 AM • Michael Boyd•4 CommentsBusiness Under Pressure And Aggressive Accounting Suggests Gentex Has 40-80% Downside RiskEditors' Pick • GNTX• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:46 AM • Ben Axler•17 CommentsThe Long Case For CelesticaEditors' Pick • CLS• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:00 AM • Chris Safroniy•2 CommentsTropicana: Value Still Left On The TableEditors' Pick • TPCA• Fri, Jul. 14, 8:41 AM • Antao•18 CommentsPhotronics Looks A Bit More InterestingEditors' Pick • PLAB• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:38 AM • Vince MartinStock Exchange: Trading The Earnings SeasonEditors' Pick • BUD, DDR, RH• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:07 AM • Jeff Miller•12 CommentsMcKesson: Compelling Margin Of Safety Outweighs Newsworthy RisksEditors' Pick • MCK• Thu, Jul. 13, 3:23 PM • David J. Waldron•19 CommentsCredit Acceptance Corp.: Finding A Niche And Owning ItEditors' Pick • CACC• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:54 PM • Superinvestor Bulletin•22 CommentsBlue Apron - Cohort Data Suggests Favorable Unit EconomicsEditors' Pick • APRN• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:28 PM • Kevin Mak, CFA•36 CommentsRed River Report - The Downfall Of A Great Australian MinerEditors' Pick • EGRAF, EGRAY• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:54 AM • Timor Pony•3 CommentsIAMGOLD Makes A Major DiscoveryEditors' Pick • IAG• Thu, Jul. 13, 9:04 AM • SomaBull•16 Comments123456...158Next Page







Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


338k
		Delaware
	

278k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

14k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




2:23 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































IMSTE Stock Quote - International-Metals-Streaming-Corp Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 









 

INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material...     SEC Filings  INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  ByME Staff 8-k -December 29, 2016 55  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.


On December 28, 2016, International Metals Streaming Corp., a
Nevada corporation (Pubco), EPT Acquisition Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (Merger Sub), and a direct
wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and Environmental Packaging
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (EPT) entered
into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the
Merger Agreement)


EPT was incorporated in 2011 with headquarters in Houston, Texas,
manufacturing facilities in Zeeland, Michigan, operations in over
five countries and sales in over twenty-eight countries
throughout the world.


EPT believes it has developed-the an efficient and economical way
to safely transport bulk, non-hazardous liquids, offering
products that provide innovative solutions to meet growing global
demand. It has created a patented transportation system that
consists of a two-ply plastic tube encased in a woven material
that can be filled with up to 6,340 gallons of liquid. EPT
primarily has two separate products the Big Red Flexitank and its
newest product Liquiride, launched in 2016. EPTs products have
been used to ship hundreds of different products from bio diesel,
wine, juice, milk, high-fructose corn syrup, and even liquid
latex.


The Big Red Flexitank is a large single bag that fits within a 20
shipping container and is secured by bulkheads. It has
certifications for shipping on most of the worlds railways, roads
and ships a very difficult and time consuming process. EPT
believes that it has the premiere product as it has a long
history of the fewest leaks within the industry, with
substantially less than 0.1% of all tanks developing a problem.
In 2015, EPT sold approximately 20,000 Flexitanks and generated
$16.5 million in revenues from those sales.


The newest product, Liquiride, is believed by EPT to be the only
liquid shipping product that works for use with standard 40 and
53 shipping containers. A unique feature of Liquiride is the
capability to have multiple flexitanks filled with different
liquids within a single shipping container. EPT also believes
that it is also the only product in which temperature control can
be guaranteed as it can be shipped within a refrigerated (reefer)
container. Liquiride has recently received certifications from
the US and Canadian rail and highway authorities.


EPT has recently reached a five year contractual agreement with
one of the worlds largest shipping companies for the exclusive
use of Liquiride within this companys ocean-going reefer
containers. EPT believe that this relationship will significantly
increase revenues over the next several years.


to the Merger Agreement, subject to and upon the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall be merged
with and into EPT (the Merger) and EPT shall be the
surviving corporation of the Merger and EPT shall become, as a
result of the Merger, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco.


Immediately following the Merger, Pubco shall have 52,000,000
shares issued and outstanding of which (a) 40,000,000 such shares
will be owned by the former EPT Stockholders, and (b) 12,000,000
shares will be owned by the Pubco shareholders. Upon completion
of the Merger, the individuals designated by EPT shall be the
sole directors and officers of Pubco and all Pubco officers and
directors shall resign.


The Merger Agreement includes conditions, representations and
warranties and covenants of the parties customary for a
transaction of this nature. The Merger Agreement may be
terminated after March 31, 2017 if the Merger has not closed by
that date.


The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement are not
complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this report
and incorporated herein by reference.


















Item 9.01 Financial Statements and
Exhibits.


(d) Exhibits.





Exhibit


Number





Description









2.1*





Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of
December 28 2016, by and among International Metals
Streaming Corp., EPT Acquisition Corporation and
Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc.





___________





*




Schedules omitted to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K.
International Metals Streaming Corp. agrees to furnish
supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC
upon request.





This Current Report contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those described in such
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on
managements expectations or beliefs as of the date of this
Current Report. Factors that might cause such differences
include, but are not limited to, a variety of economic,
competitive, and regulatory factors, many of which are beyond the
Companys control. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise
or publicly release any updates to such statements based on
future information or actual results.


















to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.







(Registrant)









Date: December 29, 2016




By:




/s/ Michael Hlavsa







Michael Hlavsa







Chief Executive Officer



















EXHIBIT INDEX





Exhibit


Number





Description









2.1*





Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of
December 28 2016, by and among International Metals
Streaming Corp., EPT Acquisition Corporation and
Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc.





__________





*




Schedules omitted




 About INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) International Metals Streaming Corp. is a shell company. The Company is engaged in search for assets, property or businesses to acquire. The Company is seeking to acquire or merge with a business or company. It was engaged in the metals streaming business. The Company has not generated any revenue. INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) Recent Trading Information INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. (OTCMKTS:IMSTE) closed its last trading session at 0.0000 with shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events    INTERACTIVE BROKERS GROUP, INC. (NASDAQ:IBKR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    MERCARI COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, LTD. (OTCMKTS:MCAR) Files An 8-K Changes in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant     New Media Investment Group Inc. (NYSE:NEWM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    KLONDEX MINES LTD. (TSE:KDX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBIO) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Insider Trading Activity Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) – Director Sold 2,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) – Director Sold 30,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity National Instruments Corporation (NASDAQ:NATI) – Director Sold 7,500 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Nabriva Therapeutics AG (NASDAQ:NBRV) – Ca (Major Shareholder Sold 69,854 shares of Stock 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37819LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1252Biotech Stocks1171Stock Market News1117Small Caps712Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 




































Full Service Metal Recycling Business | International Metal
























Skip to content




781-297-3000







About Us 

Scrap metal recycling is our life.
Scrap metal recycling used to be called the “junk business” back in earlier, simpler times when environmental protection was not a concern and “junk metal” was simply hammered or melted into something else if it wasn’t just dumped and forgotten.
Today, we know very well the harmful effects of improperly disposed of waste metal. Science and technology has not only enlightened us as to the dangers of improper disposal, it has also shown us how to more effectively and efficiently recycle scrap metal, turning it from waste into a valuable commodity to be used over and over, creating new wealth while protecting and preserving our environment and the world around us.

Taking scrap metal out of the waste stream and putting it back into the mainstream.
Since Max Fruman started our business in Boston, Massachusetts back in 1903, the science of processing waste metal has come a long way. The rapidly growing scrap metal recycling industry currently generates five billion pounds of scrap metal each year. Innovative processing technologies now enable us to more effectively clean, sort, shred, shear, grade, and bale non-ferrous scrap metals to enhance its value.
Our extensive relationship with mills around the world and the quality, consistency, and reliability of our recycled metals provides us with more and better buyers for our customers’ scrap metal. That, in turn, enables us to offer the industry’s most competitive prices for scrap metal, taking it out of the waste stream and putting it back into the mainstream.
One of the oldest family-owned recycling businesses in the Northeast.
Four generations and more than 100 years after Max Fruman pioneered the metal recycling business here, the company is still family-owned and operated. In fact, we’re one of the oldest family-owned metal recycling businesses in the Northeast. We take pride in our deep and lasting customer relationships – we’re large enough to service you and small enough to know you.
The Recycling Story
The concept of recycling has been around as long as mankind – early humans realized that it’s a lot faster and less costly to reuse a product or material than to make a new one from scratch. Raw materials were often difficult to obtain and process by hand and so materials such as pottery clay were often reprocessed and turned into new earthenware products, to name just one example.
Modern recycling got a boost in the mid-20th century when the world wars caused shortages of critical materials such as paper, rubber, and metals and recycling campaigns – referred to back then as “salvaging” — were launched.. But as the world emerged from conflict and entered a new era of prosperity, recycling took a back seat as an exploding demand for consumer goods, a rapidly growing workforce, and the introduction of automated processes made it cheaper and easier to manufacture goods from a steady stream of raw materials.
As the world entered an increasingly volatile political and economic era in the waning decades of the 20th century, recycling slowly grew in popularity as energy costs skyrocketed and access to overseas resources were imperiled. Governments around the world encouraged recycling through legislation that rewarded people and companies who recycled with refunds and tax credits.

Why recycle?
It’s very simple – the world is a finite place. Every scrap, drop, and ounce of our resources is limited to what’s here, right now. The earth will not suddenly develop new deposits of iron or aluminum ore. We are restricted to the air and water that already exist and we are rapidly making all of it dirty. There will not be more coming from somewhere else, and the world is very small.
Recycling is the most important and impactful thing we can do to slow – even stop, in some cases – the depletion of our natural resources. Many metals, such as steel, can be endlessly recycled without loss of quality or durability.
Manufacturing’s impact upon our water and air is significantly reduced when recycled materials are used. Less energy is consumed, less waste is generated, and smaller landfills are needed to handle what’s left.
Just how efficient is recycling?
Many of today’s products are manufactured specifically to recapture valuable raw materials. Automobiles are one of the most recyclable products on the market – up to 85% of most cars can be recycled and in some cases it approaches 100%. Modern appliances such as dishwashers and washing machines are mostly steel and up to 75% recyclable. In fact, a large part of the American steel industry uses recycled steel – approximately three-quarters of all the steel used in this country is recycled into new products.
And it doesn’t stop there. The energy savings from recycling are impressive, too. Using recycled scrap steel to make new steel products reduces energy consumption by 60% compared to processing raw iron ore to make virgin steel for the same product.
As a result, recycling has become a $65 billion industry as more materials are recycled more efficiently and more companies realize there is revenue contained in their metal scraps.
Recycling doesn’t just make sense, it makes dollars.






Home
About Us
Services

Scrap Metal
Containers
Collection
Processing


Recycled Metal Sales
Locations
Ethics & the Environment
Contact Us
 































        
        
        
        
        Menu

            
HomeAbout UsServices▼Scrap MetalContainersCollectionProcessingRecycled Metal SalesLocationsEthics & the EnvironmentContact Us 



  







 




International Metals Streaming Corporation News - Company Information - The New York Times






















































Sections
Home
Search
Skip to content









Times Topics|International Metals Streaming Corporation

 

Search


Log In

Settings




Close search

search sponsored by






 






International Metals Streaming Corporation






News about GS Valet Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.
 










Most EmailedMost ViewedRecommended














Rss Feeds On International Metals Streaming Corporation
Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic.  What is RSS?





International Metals Streaming Corporation




Get Alerts On International Metals Streaming Corporation
Receive My Alerts e-mails on topics covered on this page.

INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORPORATION

More Alerts >>





 


















International Metals Streaming Corp. 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















International Metals Streaming Corp. 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. 10-Q Date: 11/18/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     


 



 


 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

 

FORM
10-Q

 

x
Quarterly
report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

 

or

 

¨
Transition
report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

 

For the
transition period from __________ to __________

 

Commission
File Number: 333-182629

 

 




INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.





(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)




 

 

 




Nevada



 



45-5634033





(State or
other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.)




 

 

 




12303
Airport Way, Suite 200
Broomfield, Colorado



 



80021





(Address
of principal executive offices)



 



(Zip
Code)




 

 

(954)
868-7366

(Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)

 

N/A

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last
report)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes x No
¨

 

(Explanatory
Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer and is not subject to the
filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). However,
during the preceding 12 months, the registrant has filed all
reports that it would have been required to file by Sections 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act as if it was subject to such filing
requirements.)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every, Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (Sec.232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes
x
No
¨

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated
filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

 

 




Large
Accelerated Filer



¨



Accelerated
Filer



¨





Non-accelerated
filer



¨



Smaller
reporting company



x





(Do not
check if a smaller reporting company)



 



 




 

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x No
¨

 

As of
November 16, 2016, the registrant had 10,968,754 shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding.
  

 

 


 



 


 

 




 





 





 






 




 




 




 

 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 

TO
QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q

FOR THE
QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

 

 




 



 



 



Page



 






PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 





Item 1.



Financial Statements



 



 



F-1



 





 



Condensed
Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
31, 2015



 



 



F-1



 





 



Condensed
Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)



 



 



F-2



 





 



Condensed
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31,
2015



 



 



F-3



 





 



Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited)



 



 



F-4



 





 



Notes to
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements



 



 



F-5



 






Item 2.




Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations



 



 



1



 






Item 3.




Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk



 



 



6



 






Item 4.




Controls and Procedures



 



 



6



 





 



 



 



 



 



 






PART II OTHER INFORMATION



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 





Item 1.



Legal Proceedings



 



 



7



 





Item 1A.



Risk Factors



 



 



7



 






Item 2.




Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds



 



 



7



 






Item 3.




Defaults upon Senior
Securities



 



 



7



 






Item 4.




Mine Safety Disclosures



 



 



7



 





Item 5.



Other Information



 



 



7



 





Item 6.



Exhibits



 



 



8



 





 



 



 



 



 





Signatures



 



 



9



 




 

 

 




 





2





 






 




 




 




 

 


PART I
- FINANCIAL INFORMATION

 


ITEM 1.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

 




 INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.



 



 



 



 



 



 





CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



As
of



 





 



 



September
30,
2016



 



 



December
31,
2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





ASSETS





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash



 



$



475



 



 



$



475



 





Total
Current Assets



 



 



475



 



 



 



475



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
ASSETS



 



$



475



 



 



$



475



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)





CURRENT
LIABILITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accrued
expenses



 



$



205,139



 



 



$



168,254



 





Notes
payable



 



 



-



 



 



 



62,487



 





Total
current liabilities



 



 



205,139



 



 



 



230,741



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
LIABILITIES



 



 



205,139



 



 



 



230,741



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





STOCKHOLDERS'
DEFICIT



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued
and outstanding



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





Common
stock, $0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized; 10,968,754
and 12,093,754 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively.



 



 



1,096



 



 



 



1,209



 





Additional
paid-in-capital



 



 



661,085



 



 



 



660,972



 





Accumulated
deficit



 



 



(866,845



)



 



 



(892,447



)





Total
stockholders' deficit



 



 



(204,664



)



 



 



(230,266



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT



 



$



475



 



 



$



475



 




 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed financial statements

 

 




 





3





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 


 




INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





(Unaudited)



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



For the
Three



 



 



For the
Three



 



 



For the
Nine



 



 



For the
Nine



 





 



 



Months
Ended



 



 



Months
Ended



 



 



Months
Ended



 



 



Months
Ended



 





 



 



September
30,
2016



 



 



September
30,
2015



 



 



September
30,
2016



 



 



September
30,
2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Revenue



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





General
and administrative expenses



 



 



(597



)



 



 



(33,646



)



 



 



(78,092



)



 



 



(78,923



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Loss from
operations



 



 



(597



)



 



 



(33,646



)



 



 



(78,092



)



 



 



(78,923



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Other
income (expense)



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Forgiveness
of debt



 



 



116,188



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



116,188



 



 



 



4,000



 





Interest



 



 



(6,101



)



 



 



(1,201



)



 



 



(12,495



)



 



 



(3,512



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Income
(loss) from operations before income taxes



 



 



109,490



 



 



 



(34,846



)



 



 



25,602



 



 



 



(78,435



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Income tax
expense (benefit)



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net income
(loss)



 



$



109,490



 



 



$



(34,846



)



 



$



25,602



 



 



$



(78,435



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net income
(loss) per share - basic and dilutive



 



$



0.01



 



 



$



(0.00



)



 



$



0.00



 



 



$



(0.01



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Weighted
average shares outstanding - basic and dilutive



 



 



11,995,928



 



 



 



13,626,920



 



 



 



12,060,907



 



 



 



13,626,920



 




 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed financial statements
 

 




 





4





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

  


 




INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.



 



 



 



 





UNAUDITED
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
DEFICIT 
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2015



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Common
Stock



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



$0.0001
par value



 



 



Additional



 



 



Accumulated



 



 



 



 





 



 



Shares



 



 



Amount



 



 



Paid in
Capital



 



 



(Deficit)



 



 



Total



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Balance at
December 31, 2014



 



 



13,626,920



 



 



$



1,362



 



 



$



660,819



 



 



$



(793,206



)



 



$



(131,025



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





November
5, 2015 - Share cancellation



 



 



(1,533,166



)



 



 



(153



)



 



 



153



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net loss
for the year ended December 31, 2015



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



(99,241



)



 



 



(99,241



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Balance at
December 31, 2015



 



 



12,093,754



 



 



$



1,209



 



 



$



660,972



 



 



$



(892,447



)



 



$



(230,266



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





September
22, 2016 - Share cancellation



 



 



(1,125,000



)



 



 



(113



)



 



 



113



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net income
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



25,602



 



 



 



25,602



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Balance at
September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)



 



 



10,968,754



 



 



$



1,096



 



 



$



661,085



 



 



$



(866,845



)



 



$



(204,664



)




 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed financial statements

 

 




 





5





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 


 




INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.





CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS





FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015





(Unaudited)




 

 

 




 



 



For the
Nine



 



 



For the
Nine



 





 



 



Months
Ended



 



 



Months
Ended



 





 



 



September
30,
2016



 



 



September
30,
2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH FLOWS
FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net income
(loss)



 



$



25,602



 



 



$



(78,435



)





Adjustments
to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating
activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Gain on
forgiveness of debt



 



 



(116,188



)



 



 



(4,000



) 





Changes in
operating assets and liabilities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Increase
in Accrued expenses



 



 



90,586



 



 



 



78,483



 





Net cash
used in operating activities



 



 



-



 



 



 



(3,952



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH FLOWS
FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net cash
provided by investing activities



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH FLOWS
FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Proceeds
from notes payable



 



 



-



 



 



 



2,500



 





Net cash
provided by financing activities



 



 



-



 



 



 



2,500



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





DECREASE
IN CASH



 



 



-



 



 



 



(1,452



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH,
BEGINNING OF PERIOD



 



 



475



 



 



 



1,927



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH, END
OF PERIOD



 



$



475



 



 



$



475



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Supplemental
Information:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash paid
for taxes



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





Cash paid
for interest



 



$



 -



 



 



$



 -



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non-cash
Investing & Financing Activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accrued
expenses paid by note holder



 



$



33,290



 



 



$



-



 





Cancellation
of shares



 



$



113



 



 



$



-



 




 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed financial statements

 

 




 





6





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 

INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP. 

Notes to
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

NOTE 1
– NATURE OF BUSINESS

 

Overview
of Organization

 

International
Metals Streaming Corp. (the "Company") was incorporated in the
state of Nevada on November 17, 2011, under the name "GS Valet,
Inc." On December 1, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement
with Garden State Valet, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability
company ("Garden State Valet"), and the unit-holders of Garden
State Valet (the "Unit-holders") to purchase all of the outstanding
units of Garden State Valet. Garden State Valet was formed on June
15, 2011.

 

Change in
Control

 

On August
9, 2013, six accredited investors (the "Purchasers") acquired
12,500,000 shares of the Company's common stock in the aggregate
then held by its former sole officer and director who, prior to
such acquisition, held approximately 77.22% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of common stock. Immediately thereafter, the
Company caused 4,093,746 shares of its common stock that one of the
Purchasers purchased to be cancelled pursuant to a Cancellation
Agreement that the Company entered into with such Purchaser on
August 9, 2013. As a result, the former sole officer and director
relinquished his control of the Company and resigned, and a new
sole officer and director was appointed in his place.

 

In
connection with the change of control transaction, effective
September 26, 2013, the Company changed its name from "GS Valet,
Inc." to "International Metals Streaming Corp."

 

Effective
September 26, 2013, the Company's board of directors approved a
change in its fiscal year end from September 30 to
December 31. The Company filed a Transition Report on Form
10-Q for the three months ended December 31, 2012 with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") in connection
therewith.

 

Until
October 1, 2013, the Company, through Garden State Valet, provided
valet parking management services for hotels, restaurants, country
clubs, retail centers and private events in New Jersey. The
operations of Garden State Valet ceased on October 1, 2013. The
Company then planned to pursue a metals streaming business by
acquiring and managing precious metals streams, royalties and other
similar interests. As of December 31, 2013, however, the Company
had not entered into any definitive agreement in connection with
such business. In March 2014, the Company determined that the
metals streaming business was no longer desirable, and have ceased
pursuing such business. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
currently has nominal operations and minimal assets. As such, the
Company is considered to be a shell company under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 

NOTE 2
– SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

 

Basis of
Presentation

 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements as of
September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared by the Company
pursuant to the rules and regulation of the Securities Exchange
Commission, including Form 10-Q and Regulation S-K. The information
furnished herein reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals and adjustments), which are in the opinion of
management, necessary to fairly present the operating results for
the respective periods. Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally present in annual financial statements
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant
to such rules and regulations. The Company believes that the
disclosures provided are adequate to make the information presented
not misleading.

 

The
results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. These unaudited
condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with
our audited condensed financial statements and explanatory notes
for the year ended December 31, 2015 as disclosed in the
Company’s Form 10-K for that year as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016.

 

Significant
accounting policies are as follows:

 

Use of
Estimates

 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. These estimates and assumptions also affect the
reported amounts of revenues, costs and expenses during the
reporting period. Management evaluates these estimates and
assumptions on a regular basis. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.

 

 




 





7





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 

INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.

Notes to
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements

September
30, 2016  

 

Cash

 

The
Company presently maintains any cash in an attorney trust account
until such time that the Company establishes a bank
account.

 

Income
(Loss) Per Share

 

The
Company computes basic and diluted earnings per share amounts in
accordance with ASC Topic 260,  Earnings per Share.
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
(loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period.
Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
could occur if stock options and other commitments to issue common
stock were exercised or equity awards vest resulting in the
issuance of common stock that could share in the earnings of the
Company. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year
ended December 31, 2015, there were no potentially dilutive debt or
equity instruments outstanding.

 

Financial
Instruments

 

ASC
820,  Fair Value Measurements  requires disclosure
of the fair value of financial instruments. The Company's balance
sheet includes certain financial instruments. The carrying amounts
of current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair
value because of the relatively short period of time between the
origination of these instruments and their expected
realization.

 

Reclassification

 

Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current
year presentation.

 

Recently
Issued Standards

 

In January
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The purpose is to
enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide
users of financial statements with more decision-useful
information. This ASU is effective for the Company in the first
quarter of 2018. Early adoption is not permitted except for limited
provisions. The Company does not expect the adoption of this
amendment to have a material effect on its financial condition and
results of operations.

 

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes. This is part of FASB's
simplification initiative. The amendments in this ASU require that
deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in
a classified statement of financial position. This ASU is effective
for the Company in the first quarter of 2017. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this
amendment to have a material effect on its financial condition and
results of operations.

 

In
September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Simplifying the
Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments which allows entities
to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts in the period
adjustment is identified rather than retrospectively. In-period
adjustments must be disclosed. This ASU is effective for the
Company in the first quarter of 2016. The amendments should be
applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that
occur after the effective date of this ASU. Early adoption is
permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. The
Company does not expect the adoption of this amendment to have a
material effect on its financial condition and results of
operations.

 

In August
2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-15, "Interest - Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)." ASU 2015-15 provides guidance as to
the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs
associated with line of credit arrangements. We do not expect the
adoption of ASU 2015-15 to have a material effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. We do not expect the
adoption of ASU 2015-15 to have a material effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.

 

In August
2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue From Contracts With
Customers (Topic 606)." The amendments in this ASU defer the
effective date of ASU 2014-09. Public business entities should
apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting
periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is
permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that
reporting period. We do not expect adoption of ASU 2015-14 to have
a material effect on our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

 




 





8





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 

INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.

Notes to
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

In July
2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement
of Inventory (Topic 330)." ASU 2015-11 simplifies the accounting
for the valuation of all inventory not accounted for using the
last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method by prescribing that inventory be
valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11
is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2016 on a prospective basis. We do not expect the adoption of
ASU 2015-11 to have a material effect on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. We do not expect adoption of
ASU 2015-14 to have a material effect on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows

 

In April
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, "Intangibles - Goodwill and
Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40)." ASU 2015-05
provides guidance regarding the accounting for a customer's fees
paid in a cloud computing arrangement; specifically about whether a
cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, and if so,
how to account for the software license. ASU 2015-05 is effective
for public companies' annual periods, including interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015 on
either a prospective or retrospective basis. Early adoption is
permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-05 to have a
material effect on our financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.

 

In June
2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10, "Development Stage Entities
(Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities
Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation". The guidance eliminates the
definition of a development stage entity thereby removing the
incremental financial reporting requirements from U.S. GAAP for
development or exploration stage entities, primarily presentation
of inception to date financial information. The provisions of the
amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2014, and the interim periods therein. The
Company has adopted this standard.

 

In August
2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial
Statements – Going Concern (Topic 205-40)", which requires
management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an
entity's ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and
interim reporting period. If substantial doubt exists, additional
disclosure is required. This new standard will be effective for the
Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15,
2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted this new
standard as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and the
Company will continue to assess the impact on its financial
statements.

 

There are
various other updates recently issued, most of which represented
technical corrections to the accounting literature or application
to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material
impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

 

NOTE 3
– GOING CONCERN

 

The
Company's financial statements are prepared using US GAAP
applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of
assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of
business. The Company had incurred net income (loss) of $25,602 and
$(78,435) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our
accumulated deficit was $866,845 and $892,447,
respectively. The Company has not established an ongoing
source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs, and
requires additional capital to commence its operating plan. The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
on the sufficiency of its capital or obtaining additional capital
to fund operating losses. If the Company requires or is unable to
obtain additional capital, it could be forced to cease operations.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern.

  




 





9





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 

INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.

Notes to
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

NOTE 4
– NOTES PAYABLE, THIRD PARTY

 

On April
4, 2014, the Company issued a note payable to a third party in the
amount of $57,039. The note was due and payable on April 4, 2015
and carries an interest rate of 8% per annum. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015,
there is $11,364 and $7,951, respectively in accrued interest
related to the note payable included in accrued
expenses.

 

On April
2, 2015, the Company issued a note payable to a third party in the
amount of $2,500. The note is due and payable on April 2, 2016 and
carries an interest rate of 8% per annum. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, there is
$299 and $150 in accrued interest related to the note payable
included in accrued expenses.

 

On
November 12, 2015, the Company issued a note payable to a third
party in the amount of $2,948. The note is due and payable on
November 11, 2016 and carries an interest rate of 8% per annum. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended
December 31, 2015, there is $208 and $32 in accrued interest
related to the note payable included in accrued
expenses.

 

On March
30, 2016, the Company issued a note payable to a third party in the
amount of $18,290. The note is due and payable on March 29, 2017
and carries an interest rate of 8% per annum. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, there is $738 in accrued interest related
to the note payable included in accrued expenses.

 

On
September 30, 2016, the Company issued a note payable to a third
party in the amount of $15,000. The note is due and payable on
September 29, 2017 and carries an interest rate of 8% per annum.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there is $302 in
accrued interest related to the note payable included in accrued
expenses.

 

Effective
September 30, 2016, the Company was able to secure release of
obligations of $108,688 in notes payable and accrued interest which
was recorded as gain on forgiveness of debt.

 

NOTE 5
– COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

 

The
Company has no commitments or contingencies as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015.

 

From time
to time, the Company may become a party to litigation matters
involving claims against the Company. Management believes that it
is adequately insured for its operations and there are no current
matters that would have a material effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

 

NOTE 6
– RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

 

During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred
consulting fees of $2,000 and $5,000 provided by its current
officer and director.  During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred consulting fees of $nil and
$1,000 provided by its current sole officer and
director.

 

 




 





10





 






 




 





Table of Contents




 

 

INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.

Notes to
Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

NOTE 7
– EQUITY

 

Preferred
Stock

 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock
with a par value of $0.0001 per share (


 








 















 International Metals Streaming Corp. (Form: 8-K, Received: 12/29/2016 17:23:56) 























	  




	UNITED STATES





	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	Washington, D.C. 20549




	 




	FORM 8-K




	 



	CURRENT REPORT




	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the


	Securities Exchange Act of 1934



	 


	Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):

	December 28, 2016



	 










	INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.








	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)





	 







	Nevada









	333-182629









	45-5634033







	(State or other jurisdiction


	of incorporation)







	(Commission

	File No.)







	(IRS Employer


	Identification No.)






	 







	12303 Airport Way, Suite 200 Broomfield, Colorado









	80021







	(Address of principal executive offices)







	(Zip Code)





	 


	Registrant’s telephone number, including area code

	(303) 327-1497



	 








	N/A








	(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)





	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:


	 







	¨





	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)





	 







	¨





	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)





	 







	¨





	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))





	 









	¨





	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))





	 
















	 




	 













	 









	Item 1.01


	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.



	 


	On December 28, 2016, International Metals Streaming Corp., a Nevada corporation (“

	Pubco

	”), EPT Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“

	Merger Sub

	”), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“

	EPT

	”) entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “

	Merger Agreement

	”)


	 


	EPT was incorporated in 2011 with headquarters in Houston, Texas, manufacturing facilities in Zeeland, Michigan, operations in over five countries and sales in over twenty-eight countries throughout the world.


	 


	EPT believes it has developed-the an efficient and economical way to safely transport bulk, non-hazardous liquids, offering products that provide innovative solutions to meet growing global demand. It has created a patented transportation system that consists of a two-ply plastic tube encased in a woven material that can be filled with up to 6,340 gallons of liquid. EPT primarily has two separate products – the Big Red Flexitank and its newest product Liquiride, launched in 2016. EPT’s products have been used to ship hundreds of different products from bio diesel, wine, juice, milk, high-fructose corn syrup, and even liquid latex.


	 


	The Big Red Flexitank is a large single bag that fits within a 20’ shipping container and is secured by bulkheads. It has certifications for shipping on most of the world’s railways, roads and ships – a very difficult and time consuming process. EPT believes that it has the premiere product as it has a long history of the fewest leaks within the industry, with substantially less than 0.1% of all tanks developing a problem. In 2015, EPT sold approximately 20,000 Flexitanks and generated $16.5 million in revenues from those sales.


	 


	The newest product, Liquiride, is believed by EPT to be the only liquid shipping product that works for use with standard 40’ and 53’ shipping containers. A unique feature of Liquiride is the capability to have multiple flexitanks filled with different liquids within a single shipping container. EPT also believes that it is also the only product in which temperature control can be guaranteed as it can be shipped within a refrigerated (“reefer”) container. Liquiride has recently received certifications from the US and Canadian rail and highway authorities.


	 


	EPT has recently reached a five year contractual agreement with one of the world’s largest shipping companies for the exclusive use of Liquiride within this company’s ocean-going reefer containers. EPT believe that this relationship will significantly increase revenues over the next several years.


	 


	Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to and upon the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into EPT (the “

	Merger

	”) and EPT shall be the surviving corporation of the Merger and EPT shall become, as a result of the Merger, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco.


	 


	Immediately following the Merger, Pubco shall have 52,000,000 shares issued and outstanding of which (a) 40,000,000 such shares will be owned by the former EPT Stockholders, and (b) 12,000,000 shares will be owned by the Pubco shareholders. Upon completion of the Merger, the individuals designated by EPT shall be the sole directors and officers of Pubco and all Pubco officers and directors shall resign.


	 


	The Merger Agreement includes conditions, representations and warranties and covenants of the parties customary for a transaction of this nature. The Merger Agreement may be terminated after March 31, 2017 if the Merger has not closed by that date.


	  


	The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this report and incorporated herein by reference.


	  





	 





	2














	 






	 







	Item 9.01


	Financial Statements and Exhibits.



	 



	(d) Exhibits.



	 









	Exhibit




	Number









	Description







	 




	 




	 







	2.1*









	Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of December 28 2016, by and among International Metals Streaming Corp., EPT Acquisition Corporation and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc.






	___________







	*




	Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. International Metals Streaming Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.





	 


	This Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in such statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations or beliefs as of the date of this Current Report. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, a variety of economic, competitive, and regulatory factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s control. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or publicly release any updates to such statements based on future information or actual results.


	 





	 




	3













	 






	 






	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


	 









	INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.












	(Registrant)









	 









	Date: December 29, 2016




	By:





	/s/ Michael Hlavsa














	Michael Hlavsa













	Chief Executive Officer







	 





	 




	4













	 





	 





	EXHIBIT INDEX



	 









	Exhibit




	Number









	Description







	 




	 




	 







	2.1*









	Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of December 28 2016, by and among International Metals Streaming Corp., EPT Acquisition Corporation and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc.






	__________







	*




	Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. International Metals Streaming Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.





	 


	 






	5






	 









	EXHIBIT 2.1





	 



	AGREEMENT OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION



	 


	THIS AGREEMENT OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this “

	Agreement

	”) is made and entered into on December 28, 2016 by and among International Metals Streaming Corp., a Nevada corporation (“

	Pubco

	”), EPT Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“

	Merger Sub

	”), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“

	EPT

	”).


	 


	W I T N E S S E T H:


	 


	WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Pubco and Merger Sub have approved this Agreement, the Merger and the Certificate of Merger and deem it advisable and in the best interest of their respective corporations and stockholders to consummate the merger of Merger Sub with and into EPT with EPT being the surviving corporation of the merger, on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “

	Merger

	”);


	 


	WHEREAS, the requisite stockholders of Pubco and Merger Sub have each approved this Agreement, the Merger and the Certificate of Merger;


	 


	WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of EPT has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the Certificate of Merger and deem it in the best interest of EPT and has recommended to the stockholders of EPT that they adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger;


	 


	WHEREAS, Pubco, EPT and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger;


	 


	WHERAS, for United States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the merger qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “

	Code

	”), and this Agreement is intended to be, and is hereby adopted as a plan of reorganization with the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;


	 


	WHEREAS, certain capitalized terms shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.12.


	 


	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:


	 



	ARTICLE


	I.

	THE MERGER



	 


	Section 1.01

	Merger

	. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into EPT in accordance with Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “

	DGCL

	”), the separate legal existence of Merger Sub shall cease, EPT shall be the surviving corporation of the Merger (the “

	Surviving Corporation

	”) and shall continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State of Delaware under the name “Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc.,” and the Surviving Corporation shall succeed to and assume all of the rights and obligations of EPT and the Merger Sub in accordance with the DGCL and EPT shall become, as a result of the Merger, a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pubco.


	 





	 




	1













	 




	 


	Section 1.02.

	Closing

	. Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 7.01, the closing of the Merger (the “

	Closing

	”) will take place at 10:00 p.m., EST, on a date to be specified by the parties (the “

	Closing Date

	”), which shall be no later than the second (2

	nd

	) Business Day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in ARTICLE VI (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements) of such conditions at such time), unless another time or date is agreed to by the parties hereto. The Closing shall be held at such location as is agreed to by the parties hereto. By agreement of the parties, the Closing may take place by delivery of documents required to be delivered hereby by facsimile or other electronic transmission, including by email attachment.


	 


	Section 1.03.

	Effective Time of the Merger

	. Upon the Closing, Pubco and EPT will cause the Certificate of Merger to be executed, acknowledged and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and shall make all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later date or time as may be agreed by the parties in writing and specified in the Certificate of Merger (the time at which the Merger becomes effective is referred to herein as the “

	Effective Time

	”).


	 


	Section 1.04.

	Effects of the Merger

	. The Merger shall generally have the effects set forth in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of EPT and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of EPT and Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.


	 


	Section 1.05.

	Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving Corporation

	.


	 


	(a) At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (as attached hereto as

	Exhibit A

	), shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and hereof and applicable Legal Requirements.


	 


	(b) At the Effective Time, the by-laws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation (as attached hereto as

	Exhibit B

	), until thereafter amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and hereof and applicable Legal Requirements.


	 


	Section 1.06.

	Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation

	.


	 


	(a) The directors of EPT at the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or removal.


	 


	(b) The officers of EPT at the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or removal.


	 


	Section 1.07.

	Director and Officers of Pubco

	. At the Effective Time, Pubco shall take or have taken all necessary corporate and stockholder action so that the individuals designated by EPT and as set forth on

	Schedule 1.07

	shall at the Effective Time be the sole directors and officers of Pubco and all Pubco officers and directors immediately prior to the Effective Time shall have resigned and none of Pubco, Merger Sub or EPT shall have any liability to any such persons. If, however, prior to the Effective Time, any such individual(s) designated by EPT and as set forth on

	Schedule 1.07

	, is(are) unwilling or unable to serve in such officer and/or director position(s) as of the Effective Time, then EPT shall be entitled to appoint other individual(s) to serve in such officer and/or director position(s), and Pubco shall take all necessary corporate action to effect such appointments.


	 





	 




	2













	 




	 


	Section 1.08

	Manner and Basis of Converting EPT Shares

	.


	 


	(a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of holders of any shares of EPT Common Stock or any capital stock of Merger Sub:


	 


	(i) Each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of EPT (the “

	EPT Common Stock

	”) that is owned by EPT, Pubco, Merger Sub or any Subsidiaries of Pubco (“

	Cancelled Shares

	”) shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.


	 


	(ii) Two Business Days prior to the Effective Time, EPT shall provide Pubco a list of EPT’s stockholders (the “Stockholders”) with the number of shares owned by each Stockholder. Each share of EPT Common Stock beneficially owned by the stockholders of EPT (other than Cancelled Shares or Dissenting Shares), shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof, be converted into the right to receive ten (10) shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Pubco (the “

	Pubco Common Stock

	”), with fractional shares of Pubco Common Stock rounded up or down to the nearest whole share;


	 


	(iii) As of the Effective Time, all shares of EPT Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of record of a certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented shares of EPT Common Stock(the “

	Certificates

	”) shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the shares of Pubco Common Stock as contemplated by Section 1.08(a)(ii) to be issued in consideration for and upon the surrender of Certificates in accordance with Section 1.09(b), without interest.


	 


	(iv) Each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share of Merger Sub that shall be outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive one (1) share of common stock, $0.001 par value, of the Surviving Corporation (“

	SC Common Stock

	”), so that at the Effective Time, Pubco shall be the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of SC Common Stock;


	 


	(v) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any shares of EPT Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has exercised and perfected appraisal rights for such shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (attached hereto as Exhibit C) and has not effectively withdrawn or lost such appraisal rights (collectively, the “

	Dissenting Shares

	”) shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive Pubco Common Stock, and the holder or holders of Dissenting Shares shall be entitled only to such rights as may be granted to such holder or holders in Section 262 of the DGCL.


	 


	(vi) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1.08(v), if any holder of Dissenting Shares shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure to perfect or otherwise) such holder’s appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL, then, as of the later of the Effective Time and the occurrence of such event, such holder’s shares of EPT Common Stock shall automatically be converted into and represent only the right to receive the shares of Pubco Common Stock in accordance with this Agreement, without interest, upon surrender of the certificate representing the EPT shares of Common Stock.


	 





	 




	3













	 




	 


	(vii) The treatment of EPT warrants shall be as set forth in Section 5.04.


	 


	(viii) The treatment of EPT convertible notes shall be as set forth in Section 5.05.


	 


	Section 1.09

	Exchange of Certificates

	.


	 


	(a) Pubco shall instruct its transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”) to issue shares of Pubco Common Stock directly to holders of shares of EPT Common Stock using the procedures in this Section 1.09.


	 


	(b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time and in any event not later than the fifth (5

	th

	) Business Day following the Effective Time, Pubco shall cause the Transfer Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate or Certificates whose shares of EPT Common Stock were converted into the right to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock (i) a letter of transmittal (the “

	Letter of Transmittal

	”), that shall, among other things, contain additional representations, warranties and covenants of such Stockholder, including without limitation, that (a) such Stockholder has full right, power and authority to deliver such EPT Common Stock and Letter of Transmittal, (b) the delivery of such EPT Common Stock will not violate or be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute a default under, any indenture, loan or credit agreement, deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement or other agreement or instrument to which such Stockholder is bound or affected, (c) such Stockholder has good, valid and marketable title to all shares of EPT Common Stock indicated in such Letter of Transmittal and that such Stockholder is not affected by any voting trust, agreement or arrangement affecting the voting rights of such EPT Common Stock, (d) whether such Stockholder is an “accredited investor,” as such term is defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act and that such Stockholder is acquiring Pubco Common Stock for investment purposes, and not with a view to selling or otherwise distributing such Pubco Common Stock in violation of the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state, (e) such Stockholder has had an opportunity to ask and receive answers to any questions such Stockholder may have had concerning the terms and conditions of the Merger and the Pubco Common Stock and has obtained any additional information that such Stockholder has requested, and (f) risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Transfer Agent, and (h) shall be in such form and have such other provisions as Pubco and EPT may reasonably specify and agree) and (ii) instructions for use in surrendering the Certificates in exchange for certificates representing shares of Pubco Common Stock. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Transfer Agent, together with such Letter of Transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Transfer Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor that number of shares of Pubco Common Stock, that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this ARTICLE I, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of EPT Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of EPT, the proper number of shares of Pubco Common Stock may be issued to a Person other than the Person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the Person requesting such issuance shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of shares of Pubco Common Stock (or the payment of cash consideration) to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the reasonable satisfaction of Pubco that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 1.09(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the applicable shares of Pubco Common Stock, which the holder thereof has the right to receive in respect of such Certificate pursuant to the provisions of this ARTICLE I. No interest shall be paid or will accrue on the shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable to holders of Certificates pursuant to the provisions of this ARTICLE I.


	 


	(c) Any Pubco Common Shares that remain undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for one year after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Pubco, upon demand, and any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this ARTICLE I shall thereafter look only to Pubco for payment of their claim for shares of Pubco Common Stock they are entitled to in accordance with this Agreement, and any dividends or distributions with respect to Pubco Common Stock issuable to such holders in accordance with this Agreement.


	 





	 




	4













	 




	 


	(d) None of Pubco, EPT, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation or the Transfer Agent or any of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall be liable to any Person in respect of any shares of Pubco Common Stock delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Legal Requirements. If any Certificate shall not have been surrendered prior to five years after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable to the holder of such Certificate formerly representing EPT Common Stock pursuant to this ARTICLE I, would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity), any such shares of Pubco Common Stock shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, become the property of Pubco, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.


	 


	(e) Pubco and the Transfer Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement to any Person who was a holder of EPT Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time such amounts as Pubco and the Transfer Agent may be required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any other provision of applicable federal, state, local or foreign tax Legal Requirements. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Pubco or the Transfer Agent and duly paid over to the applicable taxing authority, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such consideration would otherwise have been paid.


	 


	(f) If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Pubco, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as Pubco may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Transfer Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate.


	 


	(g) In the event that EPT changes the number of shares of EPT Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for shares of EPT Common Stock, or Pubco changes the number of shares of Pubco Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for shares of Pubco Common Stock, issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time, in each case as a result of a reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution, subdivision, exchange or readjustment of shares, or other similar transaction, the Exchange Ratio shall be ratably adjusted;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that nothing in this Section 1.09(g) shall be deemed to permit or authorize any party hereto to effect any such change that it is not otherwise authorized or permitted to undertake pursuant to this Agreement.


	 


	(h) Pubco agrees that it will cause the Pubco Common Stock into which EPT Common Stock is converted at the Effective Time pursuant to Section 1.08(a)(ii) to be available for such purposes. Pubco further covenants that immediately following the Effective Time, Pubco will effect cancellations of outstanding shares of Pubco Common Stock and that there will be no more than 12,000,000 pre-Merger shares of Pubco Common Stock issued and outstanding, and that no other pre-Merger common or preferred stock or equity securities or any options, warrants, rights or other agreements or instruments convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into common or preferred stock or other equity securities shall be issued or outstanding, except as described herein. At the Effective Time, EPT shall pay $500,000 to the shareholder of the controlling block of Pubco Common Stock (the “Controlling Shareholder” for the cancellation of 11,810,830 shares of Parent Common Stock and for services related to the completion of the Merger.


	 





	 




	5













	 




	 


	(i) The shares of Pubco Common Stock issued in exchange for shares of EPT Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “

	Securities Act

	”) or the securities laws of any State, and each Certificate evidencing any such shares of Pubco Common Stock shall bear a restrictive legend substantially in the following form:


	 


	THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF [PUBCO] EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.


	 


	Section 1.10

	Capital Structure of Pubco Post-Merger

	. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Pubco shall have issued and outstanding 12,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock and no other securities (as defined under the Securities Act). Immediately following the Effective Time, Pubco shall have issued and outstanding (i) 52,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock of which (a) 40,000,000 such shares will be owned by the former EPT Stockholders, and (b) 12,000,000 shares will be owned by the Pubco shareholders immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) warrants to purchase approximately 795,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable upon exercise of EPT warrants, and (iii) EPT convertible notes convertible into shares of Pubco Common Stock (consisting of (A) approximately 1,590,000 shares upon conversion of $795,000 aggregate principal amount of EPT convertible notes, and (B) approximately 160,000 shares issuable upon conversion of a $200,000 aggregate principal amount of EPT convertible note) shares of Pubco Common Stock (the “200,000 EPT Convertible Note”). The 200,000 EPT Convertible Note shall be converted prior to the Effective Time and the converted shares shall be included in the 40,000,000 shares to be issued to EPT Stockholders.


	 


	Section 1.11

	Further Actions

	. From time to time, from and after the Effective Time, as and when reasonably requested by Pubco, the proper officers and directors of EPT as of the Effective Time shall, for and on behalf and in the name of EPT or otherwise, execute and deliver all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments and other instruments and shall take or cause to be taken such further actions as Pubco, Merger Sub or their respective successors or assigns reasonably may deem necessary or desirable in order to confirm or record or otherwise transfer to the Surviving Corporation title to and possession of all of the properties, rights, privileges, powers, franchises and immunities of EPT or otherwise to carry out fully the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger.


	 



	ARTICLE II.

	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EPT



	 


	Except as set forth in the corresponding section of the EPT Disclosure Letter or otherwise herein, EPT represents and warrants to Pubco and Merger Sub:


	 


	Section 2.01

	Organization, Standing, Subsidiaries, Etc

	.


	 


	(a) EPT is a corporation duly organized and existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite power and authority (corporate and other) to carry on its business, to own or lease its properties and assets, to enter into the Merger Documents (this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger shall sometimes collectively be referred to as the “

	Merger Documents

	”) and to carry out the terms hereof and thereof. Copies of the [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of EPT that have been delivered to Pubco and Merger Sub prior to the execution of this Agreement are true and complete and have not since been amended or repealed.


	 





	 




	6













	 




	 


	(b) EPT has no Subsidiaries or direct or indirect interest (by way of stock ownership or otherwise) in any firm, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or business.


	 


	Section 2.02

	Qualification

	. EPT is duly qualified to conduct business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction wherein the nature of its activities or its properties owned or leased makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EPT.


	 


	Section 2.03

	Capital Structure of EPT

	. The authorized capital stock of EPT consists of 10,000,000 shares of EPT Common Stock, of which 2,854,528 shares are issued and outstanding, and 1,145,472 shares are reserved for the conversion of outstanding notes of EPT; and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, none of which are issued and outstanding. All issued and outstanding shares of EPT Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. EPT has no outstanding options, rights or commitments to issue EPT Common Stock or other Equity Securities of EPT, and there are no outstanding securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for EPT Common Stock or other Equity Securities of EPT. For purposes of this Agreement, “

	Equity Security

	” shall mean any stock or similar security of an issuer or any security (whether stock or Indebtedness for Borrowed Money) convertible, with or without consideration, into any stock or other equity security, or any security (whether stock or Indebtedness for Borrowed Money) carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any stock or similar security, or any such warrant or right.


	 


	Section 2.04

	Indebtedness for Borrowed Money

	. Except as provided in EPT’s Financial Statements, EPT has no Indebtedness for Borrowed Money. For purposes of this Agreement, “

	Indebtedness for Borrowed Money

	” shall mean all aggregate principal amount of funds borrowed and evidenced by promissory notes, bonds or similar instruments of EPT.


	 


	Section 2.05

	EPT Stockholders

	. The Schedule delivered to Pubco pursuant to Section 1.08(a)(ii) hereto contains a true and complete list of the names of the record owners of all of the outstanding shares of EPT Common Stock and other Equity Securities of EPT, together with the number of securities held or to which such Person has rights to acquire. To the Knowledge of EPT, there is no voting trust, agreement or arrangement among any of the beneficial holders of EPT Common Stock affecting the nomination or election of directors or the exercise of the voting rights of EPT Common Stock.


	 


	Section 2.06

	Corporate Acts and Proceedings

	. EPT has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject only to the adoption of this Agreement by EPT’s Stockholders, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of EPT and no other corporate proceedings on the part of EPT are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, subject only to the adoption of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein by EPT’s Stockholders and the filing of the Certificate of Merger pursuant to the DGCL. The affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of EPT Common Stock is necessary to adopt this Agreement, approve the Merger and consummate the Merger and approve the other transactions contemplated hereby.


	 


	Section 2.07

	Governmental Consents

	. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental Entity is required to be obtained or made by EPT in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger, except for: (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which EPT and/or Pubco are qualified to do business, (ii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal, foreign and state securities (or other) Legal Requirements, (iii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and the securities laws of any foreign country, and (iv) such consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations, which if not obtained or made would not be material, individually or in the aggregate, to EPT.


	 





	 




	7













	 




	 


	Section 2.08

	Compliance with Laws and Instruments

	. There is no judgment, injunction, order or decree binging upon EPT which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing EPT’s business or its ability to consummate the transactions contemplated herein. EPT is not in any material respect in conflict with, or in default or in violation of, any Legal Requirement applicable to EPT or by which EPT or any of its businesses or properties is bound or affected. The execution, delivery and performance by EPT of the this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger and the consummation by EPT of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement: (a) will not cause EPT to violate or contravene (i) any Legal Requirement, (ii) any rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity (iii) any order, judgment or decree of any court, or (iv) any provision of the [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of EPT, (b) will not violate or be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a material default under any material Contract to which EPT is a party or by which EPT or any of its properties is bound or affected, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EPT and (c) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any material property or asset of EPT. EPT is not in material violation of, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) in default under, any material term or provision of its [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or of any material Contract except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect to EPT.


	 


	Section 2.09

	Binding Obligations

	. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by EPT and, assuming due execution and delivery by Pubco and Merger Sub, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of EPT, enforceable against EPT in accordance with its terms, except (A) as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other Legal Requirements affecting the rights of creditors generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and (B) as the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction before which any proceeding may be brought.


	 


	Section 2.10

	Broker’s and Finder’s Fees

	. No Person has, or as a result of the transactions contemplated or described herein will have, any right or valid claim against EPT, Pubco, Merger Sub or any Stockholder for any commission, fee or other compensation as a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity as a result of any agreement entered into by EPT.


	 


	Section 2.11

	Financial Statements

	. Pubco has previously been provided with EPT’s (i) audited balance sheets (the “

	Balance Sheet

	”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 (the “

	EPT Balance Sheet Date

	”) and (ii) unaudited balance sheet statements of operations and accumulated deficits and cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Such financial statements are collectively referred to as the “

	Financial Statements

	”. The audited Financial Statements (a) are in accordance with the books and records of EPT, (b) present fairly the financial condition and operating results of EPT as of the dates therein specified and for the periods therein specified, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and (c) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior accounting periods.


	 


	Section 2.12

	Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities

	. EPT has no material obligation or liability (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, liquidated or otherwise, whether due or to become due), arising out of any transaction entered into at or prior to the Closing, except (a) as disclosed in the Balance Sheet, (b) to the extent set forth on or reserved against in the Balance Sheet or the notes to the Financial Statements and/or the unaudited balance sheet of EPT as of September 30, 2016, a copy of which previously was provided, and (c) current liabilities incurred and obligations under agreements entered into in the usual and ordinary course of business since EPT Balance Sheet Date.


	 





	 




	8













	 




	 


	Section 2.13

	Tax Returns and Audits

	.


	 


	(a) All required federal, state and local Tax Returns of EPT have been accurately prepared and duly and timely filed, and all federal, state and local Taxes (as defined below) required to be paid with respect to the periods covered by such returns have been paid. EPT is not and has not been delinquent in the payment of any Tax. EPT has not had a Tax deficiency proposed or assessed against it and has not executed a waiver of any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any Tax. None of EPT’s federal income tax returns has been audited by any governmental authority; and none of EPT’s state or local income or franchise tax returns has been audited by any governmental authority. The reserves for Taxes reflected on the Balance Sheet, if any, are and will be sufficient for the payment of all unpaid Taxes payable by EPT as of EPT Balance Sheet Date. Since the EPT Balance Sheet Date, EPT has made adequate provisions on its books of account for all Taxes with respect to its business, properties and operations for such period. EPT has withheld or collected from each payment made to each of its employees the amount of all taxes (including, but not limited to, federal, state and local income taxes, Federal Insurance Contribution Act taxes and Federal Unemployment Tax Act taxes) required to be withheld or collected therefrom, and has paid the same to the proper Tax receiving officers or authorized depositaries. There are no federal, state, local or foreign audits, actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, claims or administrative proceedings relating to Taxes or any Tax Returns of EPT now pending, and EPT has not received any notice of any proposed audits, investigations, claims or administrative proceedings relating to Taxes or any Tax Returns. EPT is not obligated to make a payment, nor is it a party to any agreement that under certain circumstances could obligate it to make a payment that would not be deductible under Section 280G of the Code. EPT has not agreed, nor is it required, to make any adjustments under Section 481(a) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local and foreign law), whether by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise, for any Tax period for which the applicable statute of limitations has not yet expired. EPT (i) is not a party to, nor is it bound by or obligated under, any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnification agreement or similar contract or arrangement, whether written or unwritten (collectively, “

	Tax Sharing Agreements

	”), and (ii) does not have any potential liability or obligation to any Person as a result of, or pursuant to, any such Tax Sharing Agreements.


	 


	(b) For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings provided below:


	 


	(i) “

	Tax

	” or “

	Taxes

	” shall mean (A) any and all taxes, assessments, customs, duties, levies, fees, tariffs, imposts, deficiencies and other governmental charges of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, taxes on or with respect to net or gross income, franchise, profits, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, real property transfer, transfer gains, transfer taxes, inventory, capital stock, license, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment, severance, occupation, real or personal property, estimated taxes, rent, excise, occupancy, recordation, bulk transfer, intangibles, alternative minimum, doing business, withholding and stamp), together with any interest thereon, penalties, fines, damages costs, fees, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto, imposed by the United States (federal, state or local) or other applicable jurisdiction; (B) any liability for the payment of any amounts described in clause (A) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group or as a result of transferor or successor liability, including, without limitation, by reason of Regulation section 1.1502-6; and (C) any liability for the payments of any amounts as a result of being a party to any Tax Sharing Agreement or as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify any other Person with respect to the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (A) or (B).


	 


	(ii) “

	Tax Return

	” shall include all returns and reports (including elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules, estimates and information returns (including Form 1099 and partnership returns filed on Form 1065) required to be supplied to a Tax authority relating to Taxes.


	 





	 




	9













	 




	 


	Section 2.14

	Condition of Properties

	. All facilities, machinery, equipment, fixtures and other properties owned, leased or used by EPT are in reasonably good operating condition and repair, subject to ordinary wear and tear, and are adequate and sufficient for EPT’s business.


	 


	Section 2.15

	Litigation

	. As of the date hereof, there are no claims, suits, actions or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of EPT, threatened against EPT, before any court, governmental department, commission, agency, instrumentality or authority, including any such claims, suits, actions or proceedings seeking to restrain or enjoin the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.


	 


	Section 2.16

	Environmental Matters

	.


	 


	(a) To the knowledge of EPT, EPT has never generated, used, handled, treated, released, stored or disposed of any Hazardous Materials (as defined below) on any real property on which it now has or previously had any leasehold or ownership interest, except in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below).


	 


	(b) To the knowledge of EPT, the historical and present operations of the business of EPT are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, except where any non-compliance has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Condition of EPT.


	 


	(c) There are no material pending or, to the knowledge of EPT, threatened, demands, claims, information requests or notices of noncompliance or violation against or to EPT relating to any Environmental Law; and, to the knowledge of EPT, there are no conditions or occurrences on any of the real property used by EPT in connection with its business that would reasonably be expected to lead to any such demands, claims or notices against or to EPT, except such as have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the Condition of EPT.


	 


	(d) To the knowledge of EPT, (i) EPT has not sent or disposed of, otherwise had taken or transported, arranged for the taking or disposal of (on behalf of itself, a customer or any other party) or in any other manner participated or been involved in the taking of or disposal or release of a Hazardous Material to or at a site that is contaminated by any Hazardous Material or that, pursuant to any Environmental Law, (A) has been placed on the “National Priorities List”, the “CERCLIS” list, or any similar state or federal list, or (B) is subject to or the source of a claim, an administrative order or other request to take “removal”, “remedial”, “corrective” or any other “response” action, as defined in any Environmental Law, or to pay for the costs of any such action at the site; (ii) EPT is not involved in (and has no basis to reasonably expect to be involved in) any suit or proceeding and has not received (and has no basis to reasonably expect to receive) any notice, request for information or other communication from any governmental authority or other third party with respect to a release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or a violation or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, and has not received (and has no basis to reasonably expect to receive) notice of any claims from any Person relating to property damage, natural resource damage or to personal injuries from exposure to any Hazardous Material; and (iii) EPT has timely filed every report required to be filed, acquired all necessary certificates, approvals and permits, and generated and maintained all required data, documentation and records under all Environmental Laws, in all such instances except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Condition of EPT.


	 





	 




	10













	 




	 


	(e) For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings provided below:


	 


	(i) “

	Environmental Laws

	” shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601, et seq.; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. §§ 11001, et seq.; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 6901, et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 et seq.; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136, et seq. and comparable state statutes dealing with the registration, labeling and use of pesticides and herbicides; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 7401 et seq.; the Clean Water Act (Federal Water Pollution Control Act), 33 U.S.C. §§ 1251 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 300f, et seq.; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. §§ 1801, et seq.; as any of the above statutes have been amended as of the date hereof, all rules, regulations and policies promulgated pursuant to any of the above statutes, and any other foreign, federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or policy governing environmental matters, as the same have been amended as of the date hereof.


	 


	(ii) “

	Hazardous Material

	” shall mean any substance or material meeting any one or more of the following criteria: (a) it is or contains a substance designated as or meeting the characteristics of a hazardous waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material, pollutant, contaminant or toxic substance under any Environmental Law; (b) its presence at some quantity requires investigation, notification or remediation under any Environmental Law; or (c) it contains, without limiting the foregoing, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum hydrocarbons, petroleum derived substances or waste, pesticides, herbicides, crude oil or any fraction thereof, nuclear fuel, natural gas or synthetic gas.


	 


	Section 2.17

	Questionable Payments

	. Neither EPT nor any director, officer or, to the knowledge of EPT, agent, employee or other Person associated with or acting on behalf of EPT, has used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payments to government officials or employees from corporate funds; established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets; made any false or fictitious entries on the books of record of any such corporations; or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.


	 


	Section 2.18

	Obligations to or by Stockholders

	. EPT has no liability or obligation or commitment to any Stockholder or any Affiliate or “associate” (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of any Stockholder, nor does any Stockholder or any such Affiliate or associate have any liability, obligation or commitment to EPT.


	 


	Section 2.19

	Real Property

	. EPT does not currently own, or has ever owned, any real property.


	 



	ARTICLE III.

	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PUBCO AND MERGER SUB



	 


	Except as set forth in the corresponding Pubco Disclosure Letter, Pubco and Merger Sub represent and warrant to EPT as follows:


	 


	Section 3.01

	Organization and Standing

	. Pubco is a corporation duly organized and existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized and existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Pubco and Merger Sub have heretofore delivered to EPT complete and correct copies of their respective Articles or Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws as now in effect. Pubco and Merger Sub have full corporate power and authority to carry on their respective businesses as they are now being conducted and as now proposed to be conducted and to own or lease their respective properties and assets. Neither Pubco nor Merger Sub has any subsidiaries (except Pubco’s ownership of Merger Sub) or direct or indirect interest (by way of stock ownership or otherwise) in any firm, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or business. Pubco owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub free and clear of all Liens, and Merger Sub has no outstanding options, warrants or rights to purchase capital stock or other securities of Merger Sub, other than the capital stock owned by Pubco. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Article III to “Pubco” shall be treated as being a reference to Pubco and Merger Sub taken together as one enterprise.


	 





	 




	11













	 




	 


	Section 3.02

	Qualification

	. Pubco is duly qualified to conduct business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction wherein the nature of its activities or its properties owned or leased makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the condition, properties, assets, liabilities or business operations of Pubco (the “

	Condition of the Pubco

	”).


	 


	Section 3.03

	Corporate Authority

	. Each of Pubco and/or Merger Sub (as the case may be) has full corporate power and authority to enter into the Merger Documents and the other agreements to be made pursuant to the Merger Documents, and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. All corporate acts and proceedings required for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Documents and such other agreements and documents by Pubco and/or Merger Sub (as the case may be) have been duly and validly taken or will have been so taken prior to the Closing. Each of the Merger Documents constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Pubco and/or Merger Sub (as the case may be), each is enforceable against it and/or them in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity.


	 


	Section 3.04

	Broker’s and Finder’s Fees

	. No Person is entitled by reason of any act or omission of Pubco or Merger Sub to any broker’s or finder’s fees, commission or other similar compensation with respect to the execution and delivery of the Merger Documents, or with respect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.


	 


	Section 3.05

	Capitalization

	.


	 


	(a) The authorized capital stock of Pubco consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock, of which 10,968,754 (23,810,861 after a forward split) shares are issued and outstanding and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding. Pubco has no outstanding options, rights or commitments to issue shares of Pubco Stock or any other Equity Security of Pubco or Merger Sub, and there are no outstanding securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for shares of Pubco Common Stock or any other Equity Security of Pubco or Merger Sub There is no voting trust, agreement or arrangement among any of the beneficial holders of Pubco Common Stock affecting the nomination or election of directors or the exercise of the voting rights of Pubco Common Stock. The offer, issuance and sale of such shares of Pubco Common Stock were (a) exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act, (b) registered or qualified (or were exempt from registration or qualification) under the registration or qualification requirements of all applicable state securities laws and (c) accomplished in conformity with all other applicable securities laws. None of such shares of Pubco Common Stock are subject to a right of withdrawal or a right of rescission under any federal or state securities or “Blue Sky” law.


	 


	(b) The authorized capital stock of Merger Sub consists of 10,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Merger Sub Common Stock”), of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding Merger Sub Common Stock is owned by Pubco. All outstanding shares of the capital stock of Merger Sub are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and none of such shares have been issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any Person. Merger Sub has no outstanding options, rights or commitments to issue shares of Merger Sub Common Stock or any other Equity Security of Merger Sub, and there are no outstanding securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for shares of Merger Sub Common Stock or any other Equity Security of Merger Sub


	 


	Section 3.06

	Merger Sub

	. Merger Sub is a wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of Pubco that was formed specifically for the purpose of the Merger and that has not conducted any business or acquired any property, and will not conduct any business or acquire any property prior to the Closing Date, except in preparation for and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Documents and the other agreements to be made pursuant to or in connection with the Merger Documents.


	 





	 




	12













	 




	 


	Section 3.07

	Validity of Shares

	. The shares of Pubco Common Stock to be issued at the Closing pursuant to ARTICLE I, when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Merger Documents, shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The issuance of the Pubco Common Stock upon consummation of the Merger pursuant to ARTICLE I will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act and from the qualification or registration requirements of any applicable state “Blue Sky” or securities laws.


	 


	Section 3.08

	SEC Reporting and Compliance

	.


	 


	(a) Pubco filed a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act, which became effective on September 27, 2012 (the “

	Pubco Registration Statement

	”). Since September 27, 2012, the Pubco has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “

	Commission

	”) all registration statements, proxy statements, information statements and reports required to be filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “

	Exchange Act

	”). Pubco has not filed with the Commission a certificate on Form 15 pursuant to Rule 12h-3 of the Exchange Act. Pubco has no outstanding issued with the Commission.


	 


	(b) Pubco has made available to EPT true and complete copies of the registration statements, information statements and other reports filed by Pubco with the Commission since September 27, 2012 (collectively, the “

	Pubco SEC Documents

	”) filed by Pubco with the Commission. None of the Pubco SEC Documents, as of their respective dates, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading.


	 


	(c) Prior to and until the Closing, Pubco will provide to EPT copies of any and all amendments or supplements to the Pubco SEC Documents filed with the Commission and all subsequent registration statements and reports filed by Pubco subsequent to the filing of the Pubco SEC Documents with the Commission and any and all subsequent information statements, proxy statements, reports or notices filed by Pubco with the Commission or delivered to the stockholders of Pubco.


	 


	(d) Pubco is not an investment company within the meaning of Section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.


	 


	(e) The shares of Pubco Common Stock are quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace under the symbol “IMST” and Pubco is in compliance in all material respects with all rules and regulations of the OTC Pink Marketplace applicable to it and the Pubco Common Stock.


	 


	(f) Between the date hereof and the Closing Date, Pubco shall continue to satisfy the filing requirements of the Exchange Act and all other requirements of applicable securities laws and of the OTC Markets.


	 


	(g) The Pubco SEC Documents include all certifications and statements required of it, if any, by (i) Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act, and (ii) 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), and each of such certifications and statements contain no qualifications or exceptions to the matters certified therein other than a knowledge qualification, permitted under such provision, and have not been modified or withdrawn and neither Pubco nor any of its officers has received any notice from the Commission questioning or challenging the accuracy, completeness, form or manner of filing or submission of such certifications or statements.


	 


	(h) Pubco has otherwise complied with the Securities Act, Exchange Act and all other applicable federal and state securities laws.


	 





	 




	13













	 




	  


	Section 3.09

	Financial Statements

	. The balance sheets and statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows contained in the Pubco SEC Documents (the “

	Pubco Financial Statements

	”) (a) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior periods (and, in the case of unaudited financial information, on a basis consistent with year-end audits), (b) are in accordance with the books and records of Pubco and (c) present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of Pubco at the dates therein specified and the results of its operations and changes in financial position for the periods therein specified. The annual financial statements included in Pubco’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 were audited by RBSM, LLP, Pubco’s independent registered public accounting firm.


	 


	Section 3.10

	Governmental Consents

	. All material consents, approvals, orders, or authorizations of, or registrations, qualifications, designations, declarations, or filings with any federal or state governmental authority on the part of Pubco or Merger Sub required in connection with the consummation of the Merger shall have been obtained prior to, and be effective as of, the Closing.


	 


	Section 3.11

	Compliance with Laws and Other Instruments

	. The execution, delivery and performance by Pubco of the Merger Documents and the other agreements to be made by Pubco pursuant to or in connection with the Merger Documents and the consummation by Pubco of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Documents will not cause Pubco to violate or contravene (a) any provision of law, (b) any rule or regulation of any agency or government, (c) any order, judgment or decree of any court or (d) any provision of their respective charters or By-laws as amended and in effect on and as of the Closing Date and will not violate or be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a default under any material indenture, loan or credit agreement, deed of trust, mortgage, security agreement or other agreement or contract to which Pubco is a party or by which Pubco or any of its properties is bound.


	 


	Section 3.12

	No General Solicitation

	. In issuing the Pubco Common Stock in the Merger hereunder, neither Pubco nor anyone acting on its behalf has offered to sell the Pubco Common Stock by any form of general solicitation or advertising.


	 


	Section 3.13

	Binding Obligations

	. The Merger Documents constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of Pubco and Merger Sub, and are enforceable against Pubco and Merger Sub, in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforcement is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity.


	 


	Section 3.14

	Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities

	. Neither Pubco nor Merger Sub has any material obligation or liability (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, liquidated or otherwise, whether due or to become due), arising out of any transaction entered into at or prior to the Closing, except (a) as disclosed in the Pubco SEC Documents, (b) to the extent set forth on or reserved against in the balance sheet of Pubco in the most recent Pubco SEC Document filed by Pubco (the “

	Pubco Balance Sheet

	”) or the notes to the Pubco Financial Statements, (c) current liabilities incurred and obligations under agreements entered into in the usual and ordinary course of business since the date of the Pubco Balance Sheet (the “

	Pubco Balance Sheet Date

	”), none of which (individually or in the aggregate) materially and adversely affects the Condition of Pubco and (d) by the specific terms of any written agreement, document or arrangement attached as an exhibit to the Pubco SEC Documents.


	 





	 




	14













	 




	 


	Section 3.15

	Changes

	. Since the Pubco Balance Sheet Date, Pubco has not (a) incurred any debts, obligations or liabilities, absolute, accrued or, to Pubco’s knowledge, contingent, whether due or to become due, except for current liabilities incurred in the usual and ordinary course of business, (b) discharged or satisfied any Liens other than those securing, or paid any obligation or liability other than, current liabilities shown on the Pubco Balance Sheet and current liabilities incurred since the Pubco Balance Sheet Date, in each case in the usual and ordinary course of business, (c) mortgaged, pledged or subjected to Lien any of its assets, tangible or intangible, other than in the usual and ordinary course of business, (d) sold, transferred or leased any of its assets, except in the usual and ordinary course of business, (e) cancelled or compromised any debt or claim, or waived or released any right of material value, (f) suffered any physical damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Condition of the Pubco, (g) entered into any transaction other than in the usual and ordinary course of business, (h) encountered any labor union difficulties, (i) made or granted any wage or salary increase or made any increase in the amounts payable under any profit sharing, bonus, deferred compensation, severance pay, insurance, pension, retirement or other employee benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or entered into any employment agreement, (j) issued or sold any shares of capital stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities or granted any options (including employee stock options), warrants or other rights with respect thereto, (k) declared or paid any dividends on or made any other distributions with respect to, or purchased or redeemed, any of its outstanding capital stock, (l) suffered or experienced any change in, or condition affecting, the Condition of the Pubco other than changes, events or conditions in the usual and ordinary course of its business, none of which (either by itself or in conjunction with all such other changes, events and conditions) could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Condition of the Pubco, (m) made any change in the accounting principles, methods or practices followed by it or depreciation or amortization policies or rates theretofore adopted, (n) made or permitted any amendment or termination of any material contract, agreement or license to which it is a party, (o) suffered any material loss not reflected in the Pubco Balance Sheet or its statement of income for the year ended on the Pubco Balance Sheet Date, (p) paid, or made any accrual or arrangement for payment of, bonuses or special compensation of any kind or any severance or termination pay to any present or former officer, director, employee, stockholder or consultant, (q) made or agreed to make any charitable contributions or incurred any non-business expenses in excess of $5,000 in the aggregate or (r) entered into any agreement, or otherwise obligated itself, to do any of the foregoing.


	 


	Section 3.16

	Tax Returns and Audits

	. All required federal, state and local Tax Returns of Pubco have been accurately prepared in all material respects and duly and timely filed, and all federal, state and local Taxes required to be paid with respect to the periods covered by such returns have been paid to the extent that the same are material and have become due, except where the failure so to file or pay could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect upon the Condition of the Pubco. Pubco is not and has not been delinquent in the payment of any Tax. Pubco has not had a Tax deficiency assessed against it. None of Pubco’s federal income, state and local income and franchise tax returns has been audited by any governmental authority. The reserves for Taxes reflected on the Pubco Balance Sheet are sufficient for the payment of all unpaid Taxes payable by Pubco with respect to the period ended on the Pubco Balance Sheet Date. There are no federal, state, local or foreign audits, actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, claims or administrative proceedings relating to Taxes or any Tax Returns of Pubco now pending, and Pubco has not received any notice of any proposed audits, investigations, claims or administrative proceedings relating to Taxes or any Tax Returns.


	 


	Section 3.17

	Litigation

	. There is no legal action, suit, arbitration or other legal, administrative or other governmental proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of Pubco, threatened against or affecting Pubco or Merger Sub or any of their respective properties, assets or businesses. To the knowledge of Pubco, neither Pubco nor Merger Sub is in default with respect to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court or any governmental agency or instrumentality or arbitration authority.


	 


	Section 3.18

	Questionable Payments

	. Neither Pubco nor any director, officer or, to the knowledge of the Pubco, agent, employee or other Person associated with or acting on behalf of the Pubco, has used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payments to government officials or employees from corporate funds; established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets; made any false or fictitious entries on the books of record of any such corporations; or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.


	 





	 




	15













	 




	 


	Section 3.19

	Obligations to or by Stockholders

	. Pubco has no liability or obligation or commitment to any stockholder of Pubco or any Affiliate or “associate” (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of any stockholder of Pubco, nor does any stockholder of Pubco or any such Affiliate or associate have any liability, obligation or commitment to Pubco.


	 


	Section 3.20

	Takeover Statutes

	. The Board of Directors of Pubco has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as required to render inapplicable to such agreements and transactions DGCL Section 203, to the extent applicable. To the Knowledge of Pubco, no other Takeover Statute is applicable to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


	 


	Section 3.21

	Brokers’ and Finders’ Fees; Fees and Expenses

	. Pubco has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders’ fees or agents’ commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement.


	 


	Section 3.22

	Operations of Merger Sub

	. Merger Sub has been formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby and, prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub will not have engaged in any other business activities and will have incurred no liabilities or obligations other than as contemplated by this Agreement.


	 


	Section 3.23

	Disclosure

	. There is no fact relating to Pubco that Pubco has not disclosed to EPT in writing that materially and adversely affects nor, insofar as Pubco can now foresee, will materially and adversely affect, the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business operations, results of operations or prospects of Pubco. No representation or warranty by Pubco herein and no information disclosed in the schedules or exhibits hereto by Pubco contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.


	 



	ARTICLE IV.

	CONDUCT OF BUSINESSES PENDING THE MERGER.



	 


	Section 4.01

	Conduct of Business by EPT Pending the Merger

	. Prior to the Effective Time, unless Pubco or Merger Sub shall otherwise agree in writing or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement:


	 


	(a) the business of EPT shall be conducted only in the ordinary course;


	 


	(b) EPT shall not (i) directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or agree to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock; (ii) amend its [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws except to effectuate the transactions contemplated in the Disclosures or (iii) split, combine or reclassify the outstanding EPT Common Stock or declare, set aside or pay any dividend payable in cash, stock or property or make any distribution with respect to any such stock;


	 


	(c) EPT shall not (i) issue or agree to issue any additional shares of, or options, warrants or rights of any kind to acquire any shares of, EPT Common Stock, except to issue shares of EPT Common Stock in connection with any matter relating to the Disclosures; (ii) acquire or dispose of any fixed assets or acquire or dispose of any other substantial assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (iii) without first giving of notice to Merger Sub and Pubco, incur additional Indebtedness or any other liabilities or enter into any other transaction other than in the ordinary course of business; (iv) enter into any Contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing or (v) except as contemplated by this Agreement, enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement to dissolve, merge, consolidate or enter into any other material business combination; and


	 





	 




	16













	 




	 


	(d) EPT shall use its best efforts to preserve intact the business organization of EPT, to keep available the service of its present officers and key employees, and to preserve the good will of those having business relationships with it.


	 


	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in Section 4.01(c)(iii), or elsewhere, upon the giving of notice by EPT to Pubco and Merger Sub, EPT shall be permitted to incur additional Indebtedness.


	 


	Section 4.02

	Conduct of Business by Pubco and Merger Sub Pending the Merger

	. Prior to the Effective Time, unless EPT shall otherwise agree in writing or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement:


	 


	(a) the business of Pubco and Merger Sub shall be conducted only in the ordinary course;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that Pubco shall take the steps necessary to have discontinued its existing business without liability to Pubco or Merger Sub immediately following the Effective Time;


	 


	(b) neither Pubco nor Merger Sub shall (i) directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or agree to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock; (ii) amend its charter or by-laws other than to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby; or (iii) split, combine or reclassify its capital stock or declare, set aside or pay any dividend payable in cash, stock or property or make any distribution with respect to such stock;


	 


	(c) neither Pubco nor Merger Sub shall (i) issue or agree to issue any additional shares of, or options, warrants or rights of any kind to acquire shares of, its capital stock; (ii) acquire or dispose of any assets other than in the ordinary course of business (except for dispositions in connection with Section 5.02(a) hereof); (iii) incur additional Indebtedness or any other liabilities or enter into any other transaction except in the ordinary course of business; (iv) enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing or (v) except as contemplated by this Agreement, enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement to dissolve, merge, consolidate or enter into any other material business contract or enter into any negotiations in connection therewith;


	 


	(d) neither Pubco nor Merger Sub will, nor will they authorize any director, officer, employee, advisor, consultant, Affiliate, attorney, accountant or other representative of either of them to, make, solicit, encourage any inquiries with respect to, or engage in any negotiations concerning, any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below for purposes of this paragraph). Pubco will promptly advise EPT orally and in writing of any such inquiries or proposals including any Acquisition Proposal (or requests for information) and the substance thereof. As used in this paragraph, “

	Acquisition Proposal

	” shall mean any proposal for a merger or other business combination involving Pubco or Merger Sub or for the acquisition of a substantial equity interest in either of them or any material assets of either of them other than as contemplated by this Agreement. Pubco will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any Person conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing; and


	 


	(e) neither Pubco nor Merger Sub will enter into any new employment agreements with any of their officers or employees or grant any increases in the compensation or benefits of their officers and employees.


	 





	 




	17













	 




	 



	ARTICLE V.

	ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS



	 


	Section 5.01

	Access and Information

	. EPT, on the one hand, and Pubco and Merger Sub, on the other hand, shall each afford to the other and to the other’s accountants, counsel and other representatives full access during normal business hours throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to all of its properties, books, contracts, commitments and records (including but not limited to tax returns) and during such period, each shall furnish promptly to the other all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as such other party may reasonably request, provided that no investigation pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall affect any representations or warranties made herein. Each party shall hold, and shall cause its employees and agents to hold, in confidence all such information (other than such information that (a) is already in such party’s possession or (b) becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by such party or its directors, officers, managers, employees, agents or advisors or (c) becomes available to such party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than a party hereto or its advisors, provided that such source is not known by such party to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to a party hereto or another party until such time as such information is otherwise publicly available;

	provided

	,

	however

	, that (i) any such information may be disclosed to such party’s directors, officers, employees and representatives of such party’s advisors who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the transactions contemplated hereby (it being understood that such directors, officers, employees and representatives shall be informed by such party of the confidential nature of such information), (ii) any disclosure of such information may be made as to which the party hereto furnishing such information has consented in writing and (iii) any such information may be disclosed pursuant to a judicial, administrative or governmental order or request;

	provided

	,

	further

	, that the requested party will promptly so notify the other party so that the other party may seek a protective order or appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with this Agreement and if such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or the other party waives compliance with this provision, the requested party will furnish only that portion of such information that is legally required and will exercise its best efforts to obtain a protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the information furnished. If this Agreement is terminated, each party will deliver to the other all documents and other materials (including copies) obtained by such party or on its behalf from the other party as a result of this Agreement or in connection herewith, whether so obtained before or after the execution hereof.


	 


	Section 5.02

	Further Actions

	. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using its commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy the conditions precedent to the obligations of any of the parties hereto, to obtain all necessary waivers, and to lift any injunction or other legal bar to the Merger (and, in such case, to proceed with the Merger as expeditiously as possible). In order to obtain any necessary governmental or regulatory action or non-action, waiver, consent, extension or approval, each of Pubco, Merger Sub and EPT agrees to take all reasonable actions and to enter into all reasonable agreements as may be necessary to obtain timely governmental or regulatory approvals and to take such further action in connection therewith as may be necessary. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers and/or directors of Pubco, Merger Sub and EPT shall take all such necessary action.


	 


	Section 5.03

	Publicity

	. No party shall issue any press release or public announcement pertaining to the Merger that has not been agreed upon in advance by Pubco and EPT, except as Pubco reasonably determines to be necessary in order to comply with the rules of the Commission or of the principal trading exchange or market for the Pubco Common Stock, provided, that in such case Pubco will use its best efforts to allow EPT to review and reasonably approve any such press release or public announcement prior to its release.


	 





	 




	18













	 




	 


	Section 5.04

	Treatment of EPT Warrants

	. At the Effective Time, each EPT warrant shall be assumed by Pubco and converted into a Pubco warrant to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such EPT warrant, a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to the number of shares of EPT Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such EPT warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by ten (10) at an exercise price per share of Pubco Common Stock equal to the exercise price per share under such EPT warrant.


	 


	Section 5.05

	Treatment of EPT Convertible Notes

	. At the Effective Time, each EPT convertible note shall be assumed by Pubco and converted into a Pubco convertible note to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such EPT convertible note, a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to the number of shares of EPT Common Stock subject to such convertible note immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by ten (10), at a conversion price per share of Pubco Common Stock equal to the conversion price per share under such EPT convertible note.


	 


	Section 5.06

	Preparation of the Form 8-K

	. As promptly as practicable after the date hereof, EPT and Pubco shall cooperate and work together in good faith to prepare one or more Current Reports on Form 8-K under the Exchange Act (including any amendments thereof, the “

	Form 8-K

	”) as required by the Exchange Act for disclosure of the transactions contemplated hereby. EPT and Pubco shall cooperate and work together in good faith to prepare one or more, such Form 8-Ks to be filed by Pubco with the SEC, from time to time after the Closing, as required by applicable Legal Requirements. Such Form 8-Ks shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and shall contain all information regarding EPT, Pubco and the transactions contemplated herein as would be required to be contained in a General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, including the consent of EPT’s independent accountants as to the filing of EPT’s financial statements contained therein, to the extent applicable, except that EPT and Pubco shall be permitted to defer the filing of pro forma financial information to the extent permitted to do so under applicable Legal Requirements (a final draft capable of being filed with the SEC shall be referred to as the “

	Final Draft Form 8-K

	”).


	 


	Section 5.07

	Tax-Free Reorganization Treatment

	. The parties to this Agreement intend that the Merger will qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, and each shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, take any action, or fail to take any action, that would reasonably be expected to jeopardize the qualification of the Merger as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. Each party to this Agreement will report the Merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code for all Tax purposes, including attaching the statement described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-3(a) on or with its return for the taxable year of the Merger.


	 


	Section 5.08

	Indemnification Etc

	.


	 


	(a) From and after the Effective Time, subject to applicable Legal Requirements, Pubco will cause the Surviving Corporation and all Subsidiaries of Pubco to indemnify and hold harmless each present director and officer of EPT (in each case, for acts or failures to act in such capacity), determined as of the date hereof, and any person who becomes such a director or officer of EPT between the date hereof and the Effective Time (collectively, the “

	EPT Parties

	”), against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time (including any matters arising in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements (and Pubco will cause the Surviving Corporation to also advance expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses) as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Legal Requirements; provided that if required by applicable Legal Requirements the Person to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification).


	 





	 




	19













	 




	 


	(b) The obligations of Pubco and the Surviving Corporation under this Section 5.08 shall not be terminated or modified by such parties in a manner so as to adversely affect any EPT Party, to whom this Section 5.08 applies without the express written consent of such affected EPT Party. If Pubco, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) shall consolidate with or merge into any other corporation or entity and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) shall transfer all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any individual, corporation or other entity, then, and in each such case, proper provisions shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Pubco or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall assume all of the obligations of Pubco, or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, set forth in this Section 5.08.


	 


	(c) The provisions of Section 5.08 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his or her representatives, and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification, advancement, exculpation or contribution that any such person may have by contract or otherwise.


	 


	Section 5.09

	Amendment of Articles of Incorporation

	. Prior to the Effective Time, Pubco shall amend its articles of incorporation and effect a forward split, name change and stock split, along with a change of Pubco’s symbol.


	 



	ARTICLE VI.

	CONDITIONS TO PARTIES’ OBLIGATIONS



	 


	Section 6.01

	Conditions to Pubco and Merger Sub Obligations

	. The obligations of Pubco and Merger Sub under the Merger Documents are subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part by Pubco:


	 


	(a) The representations and warranties of EPT under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made again on the Closing Date and shall then be true and correct in all material respects unless otherwise indicated elsewhere.


	 


	(b) EPT shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all material agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date.


	 


	(c) There shall not exist on the Closing Date any Default or Event of Default or any event or condition that, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a Default or Event of Default and, since EPT Balance Sheet Date, there shall have been no Adverse Material Change to EPT. For purposes of this Agreement, “

	Default

	” shall mean a default or failure in the due observance or performance of any material covenant, condition or agreement on the part of a party to be observed or performed under the terms of the Merger Documents, if such default or failure in performance shall remain un-remedied for five (5) days. Furthermore, for purposes of this Agreement, “

	Event of Default

	” shall mean (i) the failure to pay any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, or any interest or premium thereon, within five (5) days after the same shall become due, whether such Indebtedness shall become due by scheduled maturity, by required prepayment, by acceleration, by demand or otherwise, (ii) an event of default under any agreement or instrument evidencing or securing or relating to any such Indebtedness or (iii) the failure to perform or observe any material term, covenant, agreement or condition on its part to be performed or observed under any agreement or instrument evidencing or securing or relating to any such Indebtedness when such term, covenant or agreement is required to be performed or observed.


	 





	 




	20













	 




	 


	(d) No action or proceeding before any court, governmental body or agency shall have been threatened, asserted or instituted to restrain or prohibit, or to obtain substantial damages in respect of, the Merger Documents or the carrying out of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Documents.


	 


	(e) Pubco and Merger Sub shall have received the following:


	 


	(i) copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors and the Stockholders, certified by the Secretary of EPT, authorizing and approving the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Documents and all other documents and instruments to be delivered pursuant thereto;


	 


	(ii) a certificate of incumbency executed by the Secretary of EPT certifying the names, titles and signatures of the officers authorized to execute any documents referred to in this Agreement and further certifying that the [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of EPT delivered to Pubco and Merger Sub at the time of the execution of this Agreement have been validly adopted and have not been amended or modified;


	 


	(iii) a certificate, dated the Closing Date, executed by the Chief Executive Officer of EPT certifying that he has no knowledge of any plan to issue any securities of EPT, and EPT has not entered into any agreement, written or oral, to issue any securities of EPT except as described in the EPT Disclosure Schedule or this Agreement;


	 


	(iv) evidence as of a recent date of the good standing and corporate existence of EPT issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and evidence that EPT is qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each state of the United States and in each other jurisdiction where the character of the property owned or leased by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary;


	 


	(v) copies, certified by the Secretary of State of Delaware, dated not more than five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, of the [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation of EPT, and all amendments thereto;


	 


	(vi) the Certificates representing EPT Common Stock;


	 


	(vii) the EPT warrants; and


	 


	(viii) such additional supporting documentation and other information with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as Pubco and Merger Sub may reasonably request.


	 


	(f) All corporate and other proceedings and actions taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all certificates, agreements, instruments and documents mentioned herein or incident to any such transactions shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Pubco and Merger Sub. EPT shall furnish to Pubco and Merger Sub such supporting documentation and evidence of the satisfaction of any or all of the conditions precedent specified in this Section 6.01 as Pubco or its counsel may reasonably request.


	 


	Section 6.02

	Conditions to EPT’s Obligations

	. The obligations of EPT under the Merger Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part by EPT.


	 


	(a) The representations and warranties of Pubco and Merger Sub under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made again on the Closing Date and shall then be true and correct in all material respects.


	 





	 




	21













	 




	 


	(b) Pubco and Merger Sub shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements and conditions required by the Merger Documents to be performed or complied with by them on or before the Closing Date.


	 


	(c) There shall not exist on the Closing Date any Default or Event of Default or any event or condition that, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a Default or Event of Default and, since the Pubco Balance Sheet Date, there shall have been no material adverse change in the Condition of the Pubco.


	 


	(d) At Closing, neither Pubco nor Merger Sub shall have any Indebtedness nor any other amounts due and/or outstanding including, but not limited to, accounts payable.


	 


	(e) EPT shall have raised no less than $5,000,000 of gross proceeds through the sale of its equity and/or debt securities.


	 


	(f) EPT shall have fully completed its due diligence and be satisfied with the results thereof relating directly and/or indirectly to Pubco and the Merger Sub and of the matters and transactions contemplated by the Merger Documents and of Pubco and/or Merger Sub.


	 


	(g) EPT shall have received the following:


	 


	(i) copies of resolutions of Pubco’s and Merger Sub’s respective boards of directors and the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, certified by their respective Secretaries, authorizing and approving, to the extent applicable, the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Documents and all other documents and instruments to be delivered by them pursuant thereto;


	 


	(ii) a certificate of incumbency executed by the respective Secretaries of Pubco and Merger Sub certifying the names, titles and signatures of the officers authorized to execute the documents referred to in this Agreement and further certifying that the respective Articles or Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Pubco and Merger Sub appended thereto have not been amended or modified.


	 


	(iii) a certificate, dated the Closing Date, executed by the President or Chief Executive Officer of each of the Pubco and Merger Sub, certifying that (A) except for the filing of the Certificate of Merger, all consents, authorizations, orders and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, any court, governmental body or instrumentality that are required for the execution and delivery of the Merger Documents and the consummation of the Merger shall have been duly made or obtained, and all material consents by third parties required for the Merger have been obtained and (B) no action or proceeding before any court, governmental body or agency has been threatened, asserted or instituted to restrain or prohibit, or to obtain substantial damages in respect of, the Merger Documents or the carrying out of the transactions contemplated by any of the Merger Documents;


	 


	(iv) evidence as of a recent date and within five (5) days of the Effective Time of the good standing and corporate existence of each of Pubco and Merger Sub issued by the Secretaries of State of the State of Nevada and Delaware, respectively, and evidence that Pubco and Merger Sub are qualified to transact business as foreign corporations and are in good standing in each state of the United States and in each other jurisdiction where the character of the property owned or leased by them or the nature of their activities makes such qualification necessary; and


	 


	(v) evidence of the election of the directors designated by EPT to the Pubco’s Board of Directors and evidence of the resignation of Michael Hlavsa from the Pubco’s Board of Directors, effective as of the Closing Date;


	 





	 




	22













	 




	 


	(vi) evidence of the election of the officers designated by EPT as the officers of the Pubco, effective on the Closing Date and evidence of Michael Hlavsa’s resignation as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Pubco; and


	 


	(vii) such additional supporting documentation and other information with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Documents and/or relating to Pubco and/or Merger Sub as EPT may reasonably request.


	 


	(h) All corporate and other proceedings and actions taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all certificates, agreements, instruments and documents mentioned herein or incident to any such transactions shall be satisfactory in form and substance to EPT. Pubco and Merger Sub shall furnish to EPT such supporting documentation and evidence of satisfaction of any or all of the conditions specified in this Section 6.02 as EPT may reasonably request.


	 


	(i) No action or proceeding before any court, governmental body or agency shall have been threatened, asserted or instituted to restrain or prohibit, or to obtain substantial damages in respect of, the Merger Documents or the carrying out of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Documents.


	 



	ARTICLE VII.

	TERMINATION PRIOR TO CLOSING



	 


	Section 7.01

	Termination of Agreement

	. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:


	 


	(a) by the mutual written consent of EPT, Merger Sub and Pubco;


	 


	(b) by EPT, if Pubco or Merger Sub (i) fails to perform in any material respect any of its agreements contained herein required to be performed by it on or prior to the Closing Date, or (ii) materially breach any of their representations, warranties or covenants contained herein, which failure or breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after EPT has notified Pubco and Merger Sub of its intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this paragraph (b);


	 


	(c) by Pubco and Merger Sub if EPT (i) fails to perform in any material respect any of its agreements contained herein required to be performed by it on or prior to the Closing Date or (ii) materially breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained herein, which failure or breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after Pubco or Merger Sub has notified EPT of its intent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this paragraph (c);


	 


	(d) by either EPT, on the one hand, or Pubco and Merger Sub, on the other hand, if there shall be any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental or regulatory agency binding on Pubco, Merger Sub or EPT that prohibits or materially restrains any of them from consummating the transactions contemplated hereby, provided that the parties hereto shall have used their best efforts to have any such order, writ, injunction or decree lifted and the same shall not have been lifted within ninety (90) days after entry by any such court or governmental or regulatory agency; or


	 


	(e) by either EPT, on the one hand, or Pubco and Merger Sub, on the other hand, if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to March 31, 2017, for any reason other than delay or nonperformance of the party seeking such termination.


	 





	 




	23













	 




	 


	Section 7.02

	Termination of Obligations

	. Termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Article VII shall terminate all obligations of the parties other than the provisions of Section 8.03 (Fees and Expenses), this Section 7.02 which provisions shall survive such termination, and except to the extent that such termination results from the knowing and intentional material breach by a party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement, in which case such termination shall not relieve any party of any liability or damages resulting from its knowing and intentional material breach of this Agreement or fraud. No termination of this Agreement shall affect the confidentiality obligations of the parties contained in this Agreement, all of which obligations shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with their terms.


	 


	Section 7.03

	Amendment

	. This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before the Effective Time; provided, however, that after any such approval, there shall not be made any amendment that by applicable Legal Requirements requires further approval by the EPT Stockholders without the further approval of such EPT Stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.


	 


	Section 7.04

	Extension; Waiver

	. At any time prior to the Effective Time, a party may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other parties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the provision of Section 8.02, waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.


	 



	ARTICLE VIII.

	MISCELLANEOUS



	 


	Section 8.01

	Notices

	. Any notice, request or other communication hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be served either personally, by overnight delivery or delivered by mail, certified return receipt and addressed to the following addresses:


	 






	 



	(a)


	If to Pubco or Merger Sub:





	 




	   




	 






	 




	 




	International Metals Streaming Corp.


	12303 Airport Way, Suite 200


	Broomfield, Colorado 80021


	Telephone: (954) 868-7366


	Attention: Michael Hlavsa


	  


	with a copy to:


	  


	Carmel, Milazzo & DiChiara LLP


	261 Madison Avenue, 9

	th

	Floor


	New York, New York 10016


	Telephone: (212) 658-0458


	Attention: Peter DiChiara





	 





	 




	24













	 




	 






	 



	(b)


	If to EPT:





	 




	 




	 


	Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc.


	6100 West by Northwest, Suite 110

	Houston, Texas 77040


	  


	with a copy to:


	  


	Gusrae Kaplan Nusbaum PLLC


	120 Wall Street, 25

	th

	Floor


	New York, New York 10005


	Telephone: (212) 269-1400


	Attention: Lawrence G. Nusbaum





	 


	Notices shall be deemed received at the earlier of actual receipt or three (3) business days following mailing. Counsel for a party (or any authorized representative) shall have authority to accept delivery of any notice on behalf of such party.


	 


	Section 8.02

	Entire Agreement

	. This Agreement, including the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and other documents referred to herein including all instruments, agreements and disclosure letters, contains the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings between the parties with respect to such subject matter written and oral, except for (i) the provisions of Section 5.08 (which shall be enforceable by the EPT Indemnified Parties), (ii) and except for the rights of EPT Stockholders to receive the shares of Pubco Common Stock as provided in ARTICLE I after the Effective Time in the event the Merger is consummated, are not intended to and do not confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies. The representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the parties and are for the sole benefit of the parties. Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement without notice or liability to any other person. The representations and warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation among the parties of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties and may have been qualified by certain disclosures not reflected in the text of this Agreement. Accordingly, persons other than the parties may not rely upon the representations and warranties in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.


	 


	Section 8.03

	Expenses

	. EPT shall be responsible for (a) any and all of its own legal, audit, printing and transfer agent fees (“


	Professional Fees and Expenses


	”) and broker fees in connection with the merger and any private placement, and (b) broker fees and up to $60,000 (which may be increased by mutual agreement of the Parties) of Pubco’s Professional Fees and Expenses in connection with the merger and any private placement.


	 


	Section 8.04

	Time

	. Time is of the essence in the performance of the parties’ respective obligations herein contained.


	 





	 




	25













	 




	 


	Section 8.05

	Successors and Assigns

	. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns and heirs; provided, however, that neither party shall directly or indirectly transfer or assign any of its rights hereunder in whole or in part without the written consent of the others, which may be withheld in its sole discretion, and any such transfer or assignment without said consent shall be void.


	 


	Section 8.06

	No Third Parties Benefited

	. This Agreement is made and entered into for the sole protection and benefit of the parties hereto, their successors, assigns and heirs, and no other Person shall have any right or action under this Agreement.


	 


	Section 8.07

	Counterparts

	. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties had signed the same document. Each such counterpart shall be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute a single agreement.


	 


	Section 8.08

	Recitals, Schedules and Exhibits

	. The Recitals, the EPT Disclosure Letter, the Pubco Disclosure Letter and all Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement are incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof as if fully set forth herein.


	 


	Section 8.09

	Section Headings and Gender

	. The Section headings used herein are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All personal pronouns used in this Agreement shall include the other genders, whether used in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, and the singular shall include the plural, and vice versa, whenever and as often as may be appropriate.


	 


	Section 8.10

	Governing Law

	. This Agreement and the terms and conditions set forth herein, shall be governed by and construed solely and exclusively in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. The parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably agree that any suit or proceeding arising directly and/or indirectly pursuant to or under this Agreement shall be brought solely in a federal or state court located in the City, County and State of New York. By its execution hereof, the parties hereto covenant and irrevocably submit to the in personam jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the City, County and State of New York and agree that any process in any such action may be served upon any of them personally, or by certified mail or registered mail upon them or their agent, return receipt requested, with the same full force and effect as if personally served upon them in New York, New York. The parties hereto expressly and irrevocably waive any claim that any such jurisdiction is not a convenient forum for any such suit or proceeding and any defense or lack of in personam jurisdiction with respect thereto. In the event of any such action or proceeding, the party prevailing therein shall be entitled to payment from the other parties hereto of all of its reasonable counsel fees and disbursements.


	 


	Section 8.11

	Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements

	. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Pubco and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement and/or in any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing. All representations and warranties of EPT contained in this Agreement and/or in any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Closing.


	 


	Section 8.12

	Definitions

	. For purposes of this Agreement:


	 


	(a) An “

	Affiliate

	” of any person means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first person, where “control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, as trustee or executor, or otherwise.


	 





	 




	26













	 




	 


	(b) “

	Business Day

	” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks located in New York, New York are authorized or required by Legal Requirements to close.


	 


	(c) “

	capital stock

	” or “

	shares of capital stock

	” means (i) with respect to a corporation, as determined under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such entity, capital stock or such shares of capital stock; (ii) with respect to a partnership, limited liability company, or similar entity, as determined under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such entity, units, interests, or other partnership or limited liability company interests; or (iii) any other equity ownership or participation.


	 


	(d) “

	EPT Disclosure Letter

	” means the letter dated the date of this Agreement and delivered to Pubco by EPT concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, which may be updated by EPT prior to the Closing.


	 


	(e) “

	Contract

	” means any written or oral agreement, contract, subcontract, lease, instrument, note, license or sublicense.


	 


	(f) “

	GAAP

	” means United States generally accepted accounting principles.


	 


	(g) “

	Governmental Entity

	” means a supranational, national, state, municipal, local or foreign government, any instrumentality, subdivision, court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality.


	 


	(h) “

	Indebtedness

	” means any obligation of a Person which, under generally accepted accounting principles in the United Stated (“GAAP”), is required to be shown on the balance sheet of such Person as a liability.


	 


	(i) “

	Legal Requirements

	” means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, order, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Entity.


	 


	(j) “

	Lien

	” means any obligation secured by a mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind.


	 


	(k) “

	Material Adverse Effect

	” means, when used in connection with EPT or Pubco, as the case may be, any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts (i) that is materially adverse to the business, assets, properties, financial condition or results of operations of such person and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole but excluding any of the foregoing resulting from (A) changes in international or national political or regulatory conditions generally (in each case, to the extent not disproportionately affecting the applicable person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to similarly situated persons), (B) changes or conditions generally affecting the U.S. economy or financial markets or generally affecting any of the segments of the industry in which the applicable person or any of its Subsidiaries operates (in each case, to the extent not disproportionately affecting the applicable person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to similarly situated persons), or (C) changes in such Person’s relationships with employees, customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, licensors or other business partners as a result of the announcement or pendency of this Agreement or the anticipated consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) that prevents or materially delays such person from performing its material obligations under this Agreement or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.


	 


	(l) “

	Person

	” means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity.


	 





	 




	27













	 




	 


	(m) “

	Pubco Disclosure Letter

	” means the letter dated the date of this Agreement and delivered to Pubco by Pubco concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.


	 


	(n) “

	Subsidiary

	,” when used with respect to any party, means any corporation or other entity, whether incorporated or unincorporated, at least a majority of the securities or other interests of which having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other entity is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of its Subsidiaries.


	 


	Section 8.13

	Interpretation and Other Matters

	.


	 


	(a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of, or an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words “include”, “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words “hereof,” “herein” and “hereunder” and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.


	 


	(b) Each of Pubco and EPT has or may have set forth information in its respective disclosure letter in a section thereof that corresponds to the section of this Agreement to which it relates. A matter set forth in one section of a disclosure letter need not be set forth in any other section of the disclosure letter. The fact that any item of information is disclosed in a disclosure letter to this Agreement shall not be construed to mean that such information is required to be disclosed by this Agreement, that such information is material, constitutes or has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or is outside the ordinary course of business. Such information and the dollar thresholds set forth herein shall not be used as a basis for interpreting the terms “material”, Material Adverse Effect” or other similar terms in this Agreement.


	 


	(c) Pubco agrees to cause Merger Sub to comply with its obligations under this Agreement.


	 


	Section 8.14

	Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries

	. This Agreement (including the documents, instruments, Schedules, Exhibits and disclosure letters referred to herein) (i) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and (ii) except for the provisions of Section 5.08 (which shall be enforceable by the EPT Indemnified Parties), and except for the rights of EPT’s Stockholders to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock after the Effective Time in the event the Merger is consummated pursuant to ARTICLE I, are not intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties any rights or remedies. The representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the parties and are for the sole benefit of the parties. Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement without notice or liability to any other person. The representations and warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation among the parties of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties and may have been qualified by certain disclosures not reflected in the text of this Agreement. Accordingly, persons other than the parties may not rely upon the representations and warranties in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.


	 





	 




	28













	 




	 


	Section 8.15

	Representations

	. Each party hereto agrees that, except for the representations and warranties contained in ARTICLE II and ARTICLE III of this Agreement, neither EPT, Pubco or Merger Sub makes any other representations or warranties and each hereby disclaims any other representations or warranties made by itself or any of its Representatives, with respect to the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to any other party or any other party’s representatives of any document or other information with respect to any one or more of the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and notwithstanding any otherwise express representations and warranties made by the parties in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees that none of the other parties makes or has made any representation or warranty with respect to (i) any projections, forecasts, estimates, plans or budgets or future revenues, expenses or expenditures, future results of operations (or any component thereof), future cash flows (or any component thereof) or future financial condition (or any component thereof) of such party or the future business, operations or affairs of such party heretofore or hereafter delivered to or made available to it, or (ii) any other information, statements or documents heretofore or hereafter delivered to or made available to it with respect to such party or the business, operations or affairs of such party, except to the extent and as expressly covered by a representation and warranty made in this Agreement.


	 


	Section 8.16

	Assignment

	. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other party. Any attempted or purported assignment in violation of the preceding sentence shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever. Subject to the preceding two sentences, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


	 


	Section 8.17

	Severability

	. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.


	 


	Section 8.18

	Waiver of Jury Trial

	. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.


	 




	[



	SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW



	]




	 





	 




	29













	 




	 



	[SIGNATURE PAGE OF AGREEMENT OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION]



	 


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be binding and effective as of the day and year first above written.


	 







	PUBCO:





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.




	 




	 






	  




	 




	 




	 





	By:




	/s/ Michael Hlavsa





	 




	 





	Name:



	Michael Hlavsa




	 




	 





	Title:



	President and Chief Executive Officer




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 







	MERGER SUB:





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	EPT ACQUISITION CORPORATION




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	By:





	/s/ Michael Hlavsa





	 




	 






	Name:




	Michael Hlavsa




	 




	 






	Title:




	President




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 







	EPT:





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	ENVIORNMENTAL PACKAGING TECHNOLOGIES, INC.




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 






	By:





	/s/ David Skriloff





	 




	 






	Name:




	David Skriloff




	 




	 






	Title:




	Chief Executive Officer




	 




	 





	 



	[END OF SIGNATURE PAGE TO AGREEMENT OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION]





	 


	 






	30





	 











International Metals Streaming Corp. 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















International Metals Streaming Corp. 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: INTERNATIONAL METALS STREAMING CORP. 8-K Date: 12/29/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     




 

 




 

  

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

 

Date of
report (Date of earliest event reported): December 28,
2016

 


 




INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.





(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)




 

 

 




Nevada



 



333-182629



 



45-5634033





(State or
other jurisdiction

of
incorporation)



 



(Commission

File No.)



 



(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)




 

 

 




12303
Airport Way, Suite 200 Broomfield, Colorado



 



 

80021





(Address
of principal executive offices)



 



(Zip
Code)




 

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code (303)
327-1497

 

 




N/A





(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)




 

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 

 




¨



Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)




 

 

 




¨



Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)




 

 

 




¨



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d-2(b))





 



 





¨



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e-4(c))




 

 

 




 


 




 

 

 




 





 





 






 




 




 




   

Item
1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

On
December 28, 2016, International Metals Streaming Corp., a Nevada
corporation (“ Pubco ”), EPT Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ Merger Sub
”), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and
Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“ EPT ”) entered into an Agreement of Merger
and Plan of Reorganization (the “ Merger Agreement
”)

 

EPT was
incorporated in 2011 with headquarters in Houston, Texas,
manufacturing facilities in Zeeland, Michigan, operations in over
five countries and sales in over twenty-eight countries throughout
the world.

 

EPT
believes it has developed-the an efficient and economical way to
safely transport bulk, non-hazardous liquids, offering products
that provide innovative solutions to meet growing global demand. It
has created a patented transportation system that consists of a
two-ply plastic tube encased in a woven material that can be filled
with up to 6,340 gallons of liquid. EPT primarily has two separate
products – the Big Red Flexitank and its newest product
Liquiride, launched in 2016. EPT’s products have been used to
ship hundreds of different products from bio diesel, wine, juice,
milk, high-fructose corn syrup, and even liquid latex.

 

The Big
Red Flexitank is a large single bag that fits within a 20’
shipping container and is secured by bulkheads. It has
certifications for shipping on most of the world’s railways,
roads and ships – a very difficult and time consuming
process. EPT believes that it has the premiere product as it has a
long history of the fewest leaks within the industry, with
substantially less than 0.1% of all tanks developing a problem. In
2015, EPT sold approximately 20,000 Flexitanks and generated $16.5
million in revenues from those sales.

 

The
newest product, Liquiride, is believed by EPT to be the only liquid
shipping product that works for use with standard 40’ and
53’ shipping containers. A unique feature of Liquiride is the
capability to have multiple flexitanks filled with different
liquids within a single shipping container. EPT also believes that
it is also the only product in which temperature control can be
guaranteed as it can be shipped within a refrigerated
(“reefer”) container. Liquiride has recently received
certifications from the US and Canadian rail and highway
authorities.

 

EPT has
recently reached a five year contractual agreement with one of the
world’s largest shipping companies for the exclusive use of
Liquiride within this company’s ocean-going reefer
containers. EPT believe that this relationship will significantly
increase revenues over the next several years.

 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, subject to and upon the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into EPT (the “ Merger ”) and EPT shall be
the surviving corporation of the Merger and EPT shall become, as a
result of the Merger, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
Pubco.

 

Immediately
following the Merger, Pubco shall have 52,000,000 shares issued and
outstanding of which (a) 40,000,000 such shares will be owned by
the former EPT Stockholders, and (b) 12,000,000 shares will be
owned by the Pubco shareholders. Upon completion of the Merger, the
individuals designated by EPT shall be the sole directors and
officers of Pubco and all Pubco officers and directors shall
resign.

 

The
Merger Agreement includes conditions, representations and
warranties and covenants of the parties customary for a transaction
of this nature. The Merger Agreement may be terminated after March
31, 2017 if the Merger has not closed by that date.

  

The
foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement are not complete and
are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger
Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this report and
incorporated herein by reference.

  

 




 





2





 






 




 




 




 

 
 

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

 

(d)
Exhibits.

 


 




Exhibit

Number



 



Description





 



 



 





2.1*



 



Agreement of
Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of December 28 2016, by
and among International Metals Streaming Corp., EPT Acquisition
Corporation and Environmental Packaging Technologies,
Inc.




 

___________

 




*



Schedules
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. International
Metals Streaming Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of
any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.




 

 

This
Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to
numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those described in such
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on
management’s expectations or beliefs as of the date of this
Current Report. Factors that might cause such differences include,
but are not limited to, a variety of economic, competitive, and
regulatory factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s
control. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or publicly
release any updates to such statements based on future information
or actual results.

 

 




 





3





 






 




 




 




 

 


SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

 

 




 



INTERNATIONAL
METALS STREAMING CORP.



 





 



(Registrant)



 





 



 



 



 





Date:
December 29, 2016



By:



/s/
Michael Hlavsa



 





 



 



Michael
Hlavsa



 





 



 



Chief
Executive Officer



 




 

 

 




 





4





 






 




 




 




 

 


EXHIBIT
INDEX

 


 




Exhibit

Number



 



Description





 



 



 





2.1*



 



Agreement of
Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of December 28 2016, by
and among International Metals Streaming Corp., EPT Acquisition
Corporation and Environmental Packaging Technologies,
Inc.




 

__________

 




*



Schedules
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. International
Metals Streaming Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of
any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.




 

 

 

 




5




 

 

    

EXHIBIT
2.1

 

AGREEMENT
OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

 

THIS
AGREEMENT OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this “
Agreement ”) is made and entered into on December 28,
2016 by and among International Metals Streaming Corp., a Nevada
corporation (“ Pubco ”), EPT Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ Merger Sub
”), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and
Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“ EPT ”).

 

W I T N E
S S E T H:

 

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of Pubco and Merger Sub have approved this
Agreement, the Merger and the Certificate of Merger and deem it
advisable and in the best interest of their respective corporations
and stockholders to consummate the merger of Merger Sub with and
into EPT with EPT being the surviving corporation of the merger, on
the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “
Merger ”);

 

WHEREAS,
the requisite stockholders of Pubco and Merger Sub have each
approved this Agreement, the Merger and the Certificate of
Merger;

 

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of EPT has approved this Agreement, the
Merger and the Certificate of Merger and deem it in the best
interest of EPT and has recommended to the stockholders of EPT that
they adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger;

 

WHEREAS,
Pubco, EPT and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and also to
prescribe various conditions to the Merger;

 

WHERAS,
for United States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that
the merger qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Code
”), and this Agreement is intended to be, and is hereby
adopted as a plan of reorganization with the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code;

 

WHEREAS,
certain capitalized terms shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.12.

 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

 

ARTICLE
I.
THE MERGER

 

Section
1.01 Merger . Subject to and upon the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger, at the Effective
Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into EPT in accordance
with Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware (the “ DGCL ”), the separate legal
existence of Merger Sub shall cease, EPT shall be the surviving
corporation of the Merger (the “ Surviving Corporation
”) and shall continue its corporate existence under the laws
of the State of Delaware under the name “Environmental
Packaging Technologies, Inc.,” and the Surviving Corporation
shall succeed to and assume all of the rights and obligations of
EPT and the Merger Sub in accordance with the DGCL and EPT shall
become, as a result of the Merger, a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary
of Pubco.

 

 




 





1





 






 




 




 




 

 

Section
1.02. Closing . Unless this Agreement shall have been
terminated pursuant to Section 7.01, the closing of the Merger (the
“ Closing ”) will take place at 10:00 p.m., EST,
on a date to be specified by the parties (the “ Closing
Date ”), which shall be no later than the second
(2 nd
) Business
Day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
ARTICLE VI (other than those conditions that by their terms are to
be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or
waiver (to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements)
of such conditions at such time), unless another time or date is
agreed to by the parties hereto. The Closing shall be held at such
location as is agreed to by the parties hereto. By agreement of the
parties, the Closing may take place by delivery of documents
required to be delivered hereby by facsimile or other electronic
transmission, including by email attachment.

 

Section
1.03. Effective Time of the Merger . Upon the Closing, Pubco
and EPT will cause the Certificate of Merger to be executed,
acknowledged and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and
shall make all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL.
The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate
of Merger shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware or at such later date or time as may be
agreed by the parties in writing and specified in the Certificate
of Merger (the time at which the Merger becomes effective is
referred to herein as the “ Effective Time
”).

 

Section
1.04. Effects of the Merger . The Merger shall generally
have the effects set forth in this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the
properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of EPT and
Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts,
liabilities and duties of EPT and Merger Sub shall become the
debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.

 

Section
1.05. Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation .

 

(a) At
the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (as attached
hereto as Exhibit A ), shall be the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended
in accordance with the provisions thereof and hereof and applicable
Legal Requirements.

 

(b) At
the Effective Time, the by-laws of Merger Sub as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of the
Surviving Corporation (as attached hereto as Exhibit B ),
until thereafter amended in accordance with the provisions thereof
and hereof and applicable Legal Requirements.

 

Section
1.06. Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation
.

 

(a) The
directors of EPT at the Effective Time shall, from and after the
Effective Time, be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until
their successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified,
or their earlier death, resignation or removal.

 

(b) The
officers of EPT at the Effective Time shall, from and after the
Effective Time, be the initial officers of the Surviving
Corporation until their successors have been duly elected or
appointed and qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or
removal.

 

Section
1.07. Director and Officers of Pubco . At the Effective
Time, Pubco shall take or have taken all necessary corporate and
stockholder action so that the individuals designated by EPT and as
set forth on Schedule 1.07 shall at the Effective Time be
the sole directors and officers of Pubco and all Pubco officers and
directors immediately prior to the Effective Time shall have
resigned and none of Pubco, Merger Sub or EPT shall have any
liability to any such persons. If, however, prior to the Effective
Time, any such individual(s) designated by EPT and as set forth on
Schedule 1.07 , is(are) unwilling or unable to serve in such
officer and/or director position(s) as of the Effective Time, then
EPT shall be entitled to appoint other individual(s) to serve in
such officer and/or director position(s), and Pubco shall take all
necessary corporate action to effect such appointments.

 

 




 





2





 






 




 




 




 

 

Section
1.08 Manner and Basis of Converting EPT Shares .

 

(a) At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of holders of any shares of EPT Common Stock or any
capital stock of Merger Sub:

 

(i) Each
share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of EPT (the
“ EPT Common Stock ”) that is owned by EPT,
Pubco, Merger Sub or any Subsidiaries of Pubco (“
Cancelled Shares ”) shall automatically be canceled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
delivered in exchange therefor.

 

(ii) Two
Business Days prior to the Effective Time, EPT shall provide Pubco
a list of EPT’s stockholders (the “Stockholders”)
with the number of shares owned by each Stockholder. Each share of
EPT Common Stock beneficially owned by the stockholders of EPT
(other than Cancelled Shares or Dissenting Shares), shall, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holders thereof, be converted into the right to receive ten (10)
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Pubco (the
“ Pubco Common Stock ”), with fractional shares
of Pubco Common Stock rounded up or down to the nearest whole
share;

 

(iii) As
of the Effective Time, all shares of EPT Common Stock shall no
longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of record of a
certificate that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented shares of EPT Common Stock(the “
Certificates ”) shall cease to have any rights with
respect thereto, except the right to receive the shares of Pubco
Common Stock as contemplated by Section 1.08(a)(ii) to be issued in
consideration for and upon the surrender of Certificates in
accordance with Section 1.09(b), without interest.

 

(iv) Each
share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share of Merger Sub
that shall be outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part
of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive one
(1) share of common stock, $0.001 par value, of the Surviving
Corporation (“ SC Common Stock ”), so that at
the Effective Time, Pubco shall be the holder of all of the issued
and outstanding shares of SC Common Stock;

 

(v)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any
shares of EPT Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of
the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has exercised
and perfected appraisal rights for such shares in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL (attached hereto as Exhibit C) and has not
effectively withdrawn or lost such appraisal rights (collectively,
the “ Dissenting Shares ”) shall not be
converted into or represent the right to receive Pubco Common
Stock, and the holder or holders of Dissenting Shares shall be
entitled only to such rights as may be granted to such holder or
holders in Section 262 of the DGCL.

 

(vi)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1.08(v), if any holder of
Dissenting Shares shall effectively withdraw or lose (through
failure to perfect or otherwise) such holder’s appraisal
rights under Section 262 of the DGCL, then, as of the later of the
Effective Time and the occurrence of such event, such
holder’s shares of EPT Common Stock shall automatically be
converted into and represent only the right to receive the shares
of Pubco Common Stock in accordance with this Agreement, without
interest, upon surrender of the certificate representing the EPT
shares of Common Stock.

 

 




 





3





 






 




 




 




 

 

(vii) The
treatment of EPT warrants shall be as set forth in Section
5.04.

 

(viii)
The treatment of EPT convertible notes shall be as set forth in
Section 5.05.

 

Section
1.09 Exchange of Certificates .

 

(a) Pubco
shall instruct its transfer agent (the “Transfer
Agent”) to issue shares of Pubco Common Stock directly to
holders of shares of EPT Common Stock using the procedures in this
Section 1.09.

 

(b)
Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time and in any event not later than the fifth (5
th
) Business
Day following the Effective Time, Pubco shall cause the Transfer
Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate or
Certificates whose shares of EPT Common Stock were converted into
the right to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock (i) a letter of
transmittal (the “ Letter of Transmittal ”),
that shall, among other things, contain additional representations,
warranties and covenants of such Stockholder, including without
limitation, that (a) such Stockholder has full right, power and
authority to deliver such EPT Common Stock and Letter of
Transmittal, (b) the delivery of such EPT Common Stock will not
violate or be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute
a default under, any indenture, loan or credit agreement, deed of
trust, mortgage, security agreement or other agreement or
instrument to which such Stockholder is bound or affected, (c) such
Stockholder has good, valid and marketable title to all shares of
EPT Common Stock indicated in such Letter of Transmittal and that
such Stockholder is not affected by any voting trust, agreement or
arrangement affecting the voting rights of such EPT Common Stock,
(d) whether such Stockholder is an “accredited
investor,” as such term is defined in Regulation D under the
Securities Act and that such Stockholder is acquiring Pubco Common
Stock for investment purposes, and not with a view to selling or
otherwise distributing such Pubco Common Stock in violation of the
Securities Act or the securities laws of any state, (e) such
Stockholder has had an opportunity to ask and receive answers to
any questions such Stockholder may have had concerning the terms
and conditions of the Merger and the Pubco Common Stock and has
obtained any additional information that such Stockholder has
requested, and (f) risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall
pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Transfer Agent,
and (h) shall be in such form and have such other provisions as
Pubco and EPT may reasonably specify and agree) and (ii)
instructions for use in surrendering the Certificates in exchange
for certificates representing shares of Pubco Common Stock. Upon
surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Transfer Agent,
together with such Letter of Transmittal, duly completed and
validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and
such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Transfer
Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive
in exchange therefor that number of shares of Pubco Common Stock,
that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the
provisions of this ARTICLE I, and the Certificate so surrendered
shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of EPT Common Stock that is not registered in the
transfer records of EPT, the proper number of shares of Pubco
Common Stock may be issued to a Person other than the Person in
whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such
Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper
form for transfer and the Person requesting such issuance shall pay
any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of
shares of Pubco Common Stock (or the payment of cash consideration)
to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or
establish to the reasonable satisfaction of Pubco that such tax has
been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated
by this Section 1.09(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any
time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to
receive upon such surrender the applicable shares of Pubco Common
Stock, which the holder thereof has the right to receive in respect
of such Certificate pursuant to the provisions of this ARTICLE I.
No interest shall be paid or will accrue on the shares of Pubco
Common Stock issuable to holders of Certificates pursuant to the
provisions of this ARTICLE I.

 

(c) Any
Pubco Common Shares that remain undistributed to the holders of the
Certificates for one year after the Effective Time shall be
delivered to Pubco, upon demand, and any holders of the
Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this ARTICLE I
shall thereafter look only to Pubco for payment of their claim for
shares of Pubco Common Stock they are entitled to in accordance
with this Agreement, and any dividends or distributions with
respect to Pubco Common Stock issuable to such holders in
accordance with this Agreement.

 

 




 





4





 






 




 




 




 

 

(d) None
of Pubco, EPT, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation or the
Transfer Agent or any of their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents shall be liable to any Person in respect of
any shares of Pubco Common Stock delivered to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
Legal Requirements. If any Certificate shall not have been
surrendered prior to five years after the Effective Time (or
immediately prior to such earlier date on which any shares of Pubco
Common Stock issuable to the holder of such Certificate formerly
representing EPT Common Stock pursuant to this ARTICLE I, would
otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental
Entity), any such shares of Pubco Common Stock shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, become the property of
Pubco, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person
previously entitled thereto.

 

(e) Pubco
and the Transfer Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold
from any shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable pursuant to this
Agreement to any Person who was a holder of EPT Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time such amounts as Pubco and
the Transfer Agent may be required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any other
provision of applicable federal, state, local or foreign tax Legal
Requirements. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Pubco
or the Transfer Agent and duly paid over to the applicable taxing
authority, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such
consideration would otherwise have been paid.

 

(f) If
any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
Pubco, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as Pubco may direct as indemnity against any claim that may
be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Transfer
Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate.

 

(g) In
the event that EPT changes the number of shares of EPT Common Stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for
shares of EPT Common Stock, or Pubco changes the number of shares
of Pubco Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable
into or exercisable for shares of Pubco Common Stock, issued and
outstanding prior to the Effective Time, in each case as a result
of a reclassification, stock split (including a reverse stock
split), stock dividend or distribution, subdivision, exchange or
readjustment of shares, or other similar transaction, the Exchange
Ratio shall be ratably adjusted; provided , however ,
that nothing in this Section 1.09(g) shall be deemed to permit or
authorize any party hereto to effect any such change that it is not
otherwise authorized or permitted to undertake pursuant to this
Agreement.

 

(h) Pubco
agrees that it will cause the Pubco Common Stock into which EPT
Common Stock is converted at the Effective Time pursuant to Section
1.08(a)(ii) to be available for such purposes. Pubco further
covenants that immediately following the Effective Time, Pubco will
effect cancellations of outstanding shares of Pubco Common Stock
and that there will be no more than 12,000,000 pre-Merger shares of
Pubco Common Stock issued and outstanding, and that no other
pre-Merger common or preferred stock or equity securities or any
options, warrants, rights or other agreements or instruments
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into common or preferred
stock or other equity securities shall be issued or outstanding,
except as described herein. At the Effective Time, EPT shall pay
$500,000 to the shareholder of the controlling block of Pubco
Common Stock (the “Controlling Shareholder” for the
cancellation of 11,810,830 shares of Parent Common Stock and for
services related to the completion of the Merger.

 

 




 





5





 






 




 




 




 

 

(i) The
shares of Pubco Common Stock issued in exchange for shares of EPT
Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement will not be registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “
Securities Act ”) or the securities laws of any State,
and each Certificate evidencing any such shares of Pubco Common
Stock shall bear a restrictive legend substantially in the
following form:

 

THE
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF [PUBCO] EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS
AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

 

Section
1.10 Capital Structure of Pubco Post-Merger . Immediately
prior to the Effective Time, Pubco shall have issued and
outstanding 12,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock and no other
securities (as defined under the Securities Act). Immediately
following the Effective Time, Pubco shall have issued and
outstanding (i) 52,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock of which
(a) 40,000,000 such shares will be owned by the former EPT
Stockholders, and (b) 12,000,000 shares will be owned by the Pubco
shareholders immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) warrants
to purchase approximately 795,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of EPT warrants, and (iii) EPT convertible
notes convertible into shares of Pubco Common Stock (consisting of
(A) approximately 1,590,000 shares upon conversion of $795,000
aggregate principal amount of EPT convertible notes, and (B)
approximately 160,000 shares issuable upon conversion of a $200,000
aggregate principal amount of EPT convertible note) shares of Pubco
Common Stock (the “200,000 EPT Convertible Note”). The
200,000 EPT Convertible Note shall be converted prior to the
Effective Time and the converted shares shall be included in the
40,000,000 shares to be issued to EPT Stockholders.

 

Section
1.11 Further Actions . From time to time, from and after the
Effective Time, as and when reasonably requested by Pubco, the
proper officers and directors of EPT as of the Effective Time
shall, for and on behalf and in the name of EPT or otherwise,
execute and deliver all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments and
other instruments and shall take or cause to be taken such further
actions as Pubco, Merger Sub or their respective successors or
assigns reasonably may deem necessary or desirable in order to
confirm or record or otherwise transfer to the Surviving
Corporation title to and possession of all of the properties,
rights, privileges, powers, franchises and immunities of EPT or
otherwise to carry out fully the provisions and purposes of this
Agreement and the Certificate of Merger.

 

ARTICLE
II.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EPT

 

Except as
set forth in the corresponding section of the EPT Disclosure Letter
or otherwise herein, EPT represents and warrants to Pubco and
Merger Sub:

 

Section
2.01 Organization, Standing, Subsidiaries, Etc .

 

(a) EPT
is a corporation duly organized and existing in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite power and
authority (corporate and other) to carry on its business, to own or
lease its properties and assets, to enter into the Merger Documents
(this Agreement and the Certificate of Merger shall sometimes
collectively be referred to as the “ Merger Documents
”) and to carry out the terms hereof and thereof. Copies of
the [Amended and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws
of EPT that have been delivered to Pubco and Merger Sub prior to
the execution of this Agreement are true and complete and have not
since been amended or repealed.

 

 




 





6





 






 




 




 




 

 

(b) EPT
has no Subsidiaries or direct or indirect interest (by way of stock
ownership or otherwise) in any firm, corporation, limited liability
company, partnership, association or business.

 

Section
2.02 Qualification . EPT is duly qualified to conduct
business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction wherein the nature of its activities or its properties
owned or leased makes such qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on EPT.

 

Section
2.03 Capital Structure of EPT . The authorized capital stock
of EPT consists of 10,000,000 shares of EPT Common Stock, of which
2,854,528 shares are issued and outstanding, and 1,145,472 shares
are reserved for the conversion of outstanding notes of EPT; and
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share,
none of which are issued and outstanding. All issued and
outstanding shares of EPT Common Stock are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable. EPT has no outstanding
options, rights or commitments to issue EPT Common Stock or other
Equity Securities of EPT, and there are no outstanding securities
convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for EPT Common
Stock or other Equity Securities of EPT. For purposes of this
Agreement, “ Equity Security ” shall mean any
stock or similar security of an issuer or any security (whether
stock or Indebtedness for Borrowed Money) convertible, with or
without consideration, into any stock or other equity security, or
any security (whether stock or Indebtedness for Borrowed Money)
carrying any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase any stock
or similar security, or any such warrant or right.

 

Section
2.04 Indebtedness for Borrowed Money . Except as provided in
EPT’s Financial Statements, EPT has no Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money. For purposes of this Agreement, “
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money ” shall mean all
aggregate principal amount of funds borrowed and evidenced by
promissory notes, bonds or similar instruments of EPT.

 

Section
2.05 EPT Stockholders . The Schedule delivered to Pubco
pursuant to Section 1.08(a)(ii) hereto contains a true and complete
list of the names of the record owners of all of the outstanding
shares of EPT Common Stock and other Equity Securities of EPT,
together with the number of securities held or to which such Person
has rights to acquire. To the Knowledge of EPT, there is no voting
trust, agreement or arrangement among any of the beneficial holders
of EPT Common Stock affecting the nomination or election of
directors or the exercise of the voting rights of EPT Common
Stock.

 

Section
2.06 Corporate Acts and Proceedings . EPT has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and,
subject only to the adoption of this Agreement by EPT’s
Stockholders, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby has
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of EPT and no other corporate proceedings on the part of EPT are
necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement
or to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby, subject only to the adoption of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein by EPT’s Stockholders and
the filing of the Certificate of Merger pursuant to the DGCL. The
affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares
of EPT Common Stock is necessary to adopt this Agreement, approve
the Merger and consummate the Merger and approve the other
transactions contemplated hereby.

 

Section
2.07 Governmental Consents . No consent, approval, order or
authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with any
Governmental Entity is required to be obtained or made by EPT in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Merger, except for: (i) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of
other states in which EPT and/or Pubco are qualified to do
business, (ii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under
applicable federal, foreign and state securities (or other) Legal
Requirements, (iii) such consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be
required under applicable state securities or “blue
sky” laws and the securities laws of any foreign country, and
(iv) such consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and
registrations, which if not obtained or made would not be material,
individually or in the aggregate, to EPT.

 

 




 





7





 






 




 




 




 

 

Section
2.08 Compliance with Laws and Instruments . There is no
judgment, injunction, order or decree binging upon EPT which has or
would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
materially impairing EPT’s business or its ability to
consummate the transactions contemplated herein. EPT is not in any
material respect in conflict with, or in default or in violation
of, any Legal Requirement applicable to EPT or by which EPT or any
of its businesses or properties is bound or affected. The
execution, delivery and performance by EPT of the this Agreement
and the Certificate of Merger and the consummation by EPT of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement: (a) will not cause EPT
to violate or contravene (i) any Legal Requirement, (ii) any rule
or regulation of any Governmental Entity (iii) any order, judgment
or decree of any court, or (iv) any provision of the [Amended and
Restated] Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of EPT, (b) will
not violate or be in conflict with, result in a breach of or
constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) a
material default under any material Contract to which EPT is a
party or by which EPT or any of its properties is bound or
affected, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on EPT
and (c) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien
upon any material property or asset of EPT. EPT is not in material
violation of, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
in default under, any material term or provision of its [Amended
and Restated] Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or of any
material Contract except as would not cause a Material Adverse
Effect to EPT.

 

Section
2.09 Binding Obligations . This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by EPT and, assuming due execution and
delivery by Pubco and Merger Sub, constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of EPT, enforceable against EPT in accordance with its
terms, except (A) as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and
other Legal Requirements affecting the rights of creditors
generally and general equitable principles (whether considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law), and (B) as the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may
be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of a court
of competent jurisdiction before which any proceeding may be
brought.

 

Section
2.10 Broker’s and Finder’s Fees . No Person has,
or as a result of the transactions contemplated or described herein
will have, any right or valid claim against EPT, Pubco, Merger Sub
or any Stockholder for any commission, fee or other compensation as
a finder or broker, or in any similar capacity as a result of any
agreement entered into by EPT.

 

Section
2.11 Financial Statements . Pubco has previously been
provided with EPT’s (i) audited balance sheets (the “
Balance Sheet ”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 (the
“ EPT Balance Sheet Date ”) and (ii) unaudited
balance sheet statements of operations and accumulated deficits and
cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
Such financial statements are collectively referred to as the
“ Financial Statements ”. The audited Financial
Statements (a) are in accordance with the books and records of EPT,
(b) present fairly the financial condition and operating results of
EPT as of the dates therein specified and for the periods therein
specified, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and (c)
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis
consistent with prior accounting periods.

 

Section
2.12 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities . EPT has no
material obligation or liability (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent, liquidated or otherwise, whether due or to become due),
arising out of any transaction entered into at or prior to the
Closing, except (a) as disclosed in the Balance Sheet, (b) to the
extent set forth on or reserved against in the Balance Sheet or the
notes to the Financial Statements and/or the unaudited balance
sheet of EPT as of September 30, 2016, a copy of which previously
was provided, and (c) current liabilities incurred and obligations
under agreements entered into in the usual and ordinary course of
business since EPT Balance Sheet Date.

 

 




 





8





 






 




 




 




 

 

Section
2.13 Tax Returns and Audits .

 

(a) All
required federal, state and local Tax Returns of EPT have been
accurately prepared and duly and timely filed, and all federal,
state and local Taxes (as defined below) required to be paid with
respect to the periods covered by such returns have been paid. EPT
is not and has not been delinquent in the payment of any Tax. EPT
has not had a Tax deficiency proposed or assessed against it and
has not executed a waiver of any statute of limitations on the
assessment or collection of any Tax. None of EPT’s federal
income tax returns has been audited by any governmental authority;
and none of EPT’s state or local income or franchise tax
returns has been audited by any governmental authority. The
reserves for Taxes reflected on the Balance Sheet, if any, are and
will be sufficient for the payment of all unpaid Taxes payable by
EPT as of EPT Balance Sheet Date. Since the EPT Balance Sheet Date,
EPT has made adequate provisions on its books of account for all
Taxes with respect to its business, properties and operations for
such period. EPT has withheld or collected from each payment made
to each of its employees the amount of all taxes (including, but
not limited to, federal, state and local income taxes, Federal
Insurance Contribution Act taxes and Federal Unemployment Tax Act
taxes) required to be withheld or collected therefrom, and has paid
the same to the proper Tax receiving officers or authorized
depositaries. There are no federal, state, local or foreign audits,
actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, claims or
administrative proceedings relating to Taxes or any Tax Returns of
EPT now pending, and EPT has not received any notice of any
proposed audits, investigations, claims or administrative
proceedings relating to Taxes or any Tax Returns. EPT is not
obligated to make a payment, nor is it a party to any agreement
that under certain circumstances could obligate it to make a
payment that would not be deductible under Section 280G of the
Code. EPT has not agreed, nor is it required, to make any
adjustments under Section 481(a) of the Code (or any similar
provision of state, local and foreign law), whether by reason of a
change in accounting method or otherwise, for any Tax period for
which the applicable statute of limitations has not yet expired.
EPT (i) is not a party to, nor is it bound by or obligated under,
any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnification agreement or similar
contract or arrangement, whether written or unwritten
(collectively, “ Tax Sharing Agreements ”), and
(ii) does not have any potential liability or obligation to any
Person as a result of, or pursuant to, any such Tax Sharing
Agreements.

 

(b) For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
meanings provided below:

 

(i)
“ Tax ” or “ Taxes ” shall
mean (A) any and all taxes, assessments, customs, duties, levies,
fees, tariffs, imposts, deficiencies and other governmental charges
of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, taxes on or
with respect to net or gross income, franchise, profits, gross
receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer,
real property transfer, transfer gains, transfer taxes, inventory,
capital stock, license, payroll, employment, social security,
unemployment, severance, occupation, real or personal property,
estimated taxes, rent, excise, occupancy, recordation, bulk
transfer, intangibles, alternative minimum, doing business,
withholding and stamp), together with any interest thereon,
penalties, fines, damages costs, fees, additions to tax or
additional amounts with respect thereto, imposed by the United
States (federal, state or local) or other applicable jurisdiction;
(B) any liability for the payment of any amounts described in
clause (A) as a result of being a member of an affiliated,
consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group or as a result of
transferor or successor liability, including, without limitation,
by reason of Regulation section 1.1502-6; and (C) any liability for
the payments of any amounts as a result of being a party to any Tax
Sharing Agreement or as a result of any express or implied
obligation to indemnify any other Person with respect to the
payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (A) or
(B).

 

(ii)
“ Tax Return ” shall include all returns and
reports (including elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules,
estimates and information returns (including Form 1099 and
partnership returns filed on Form 1065) required to be supplied to
a Tax authority relating to Taxes.

 

 




 





9





 






 




 




 




 

 

Section
2.14 Condition of Properties . All facilities, machinery,
equipment, fixtures and other properties owned, leased or used by
EPT are in reasonably good operating condition and repair, subject
to ordinary wear and tear, and are adequate and sufficient for
EPT’s business.

 

Section
2.15 Litigation . As of the date hereof, there are no
claims, suits, actions or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge
of EPT, threatened against EPT, before any court, governmental
department, commission, agency, instrumentality or authority,
including any such claims, suits, actions or proceedings seeking to
restrain or enjoin the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

 

Section
2.16 Environmental Matters .

 

(a) To
the knowledge of EPT, EPT has never generated, used, handled,
treated, released, stored or disposed of any Hazardous Materials
(as defined below) on any real property on which it now has or
previously had any leasehold or ownership interest, except in
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined
below).

 

(b) To
the knowledge of EPT, the historical and present operations of the
business of EPT are in compliance with all applicable Environmental
Laws, except where any non-compliance has not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Condition of EPT.

 

(c) There
are no material pending or, to the knowledge of EPT, threatened,
demands, claims, information requests or notices of noncompliance
or violation against or to EPT relating to any Environmental Law;
and, to the knowledge of EPT, there are no conditions or
occurrences on any of the real property used by EPT in connection
with its business that would reasonably be expected to lead to any
such demands, claims or notices against or to EPT, except such as
have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a
material adverse effect on the Condition of EPT.

 

(d) To
the knowledge of EPT, (i) EPT has not sent or disposed of,
otherwise had taken or transported, arranged for the taking or
disposal of (on behalf of itself, a customer or any other party) or
in any other manner participated or been involved in the taking of
or disposal or release of a Hazardous Material to or at a site that
is contaminated by any Hazardous Material or that, pursuant to any
Environmental Law, (A) has been placed on the “National
Priorities List”, the “CERCLIS” list, or any
similar state or federal list, or (B) is subject to or the source
of a claim, an administrative order or other request to take
“removal”, “remedial”,
“corrective” or any other “response”
action, as defined in any Environmental Law, or to pay for the
costs of any such action at the site; (ii) EPT is not involved in
(and has no basis to reasonably expect to be involved in) any suit
or proceeding and has not received (and has no basis to reasonably
expect to receive) any notice, request for information or other
communication from any governmental authority or other third party
with respect to a release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Material or a violation or alleged violation of any Environmental
Law, and has not received (and has no basis to reasonably expect to
receive) notice of any claims from any Person relating to property
damage, natural resource damage or to personal injuries from
exposure to any Hazardous Material; and (iii) EPT has timely filed
every report required to be filed, acquired all necessary
certificates, approvals and permits, and generated and maintained
all required data, documentation and records under all
Environmental Laws, in all such instances except where the failure
to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Condition of
EPT.

 

 




 





10





 






 




 




 




 

 

(e) For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
meanings provided below:

 

(i)
“ Environmental Laws ” shall mean the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601, et seq.; the Emergency Planning
and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. §§
11001, et seq.; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42
U.S.C. §§ 6901, et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control
Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 et seq.; the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136, et seq.
and comparable state statutes dealing with the registration,
labeling and use of pesticides and herbicides; the Clean Air Act,
42 U.S.C. §§ 7401 et seq.; the Clean Water Act (Federal
Water Pollution Control Act), 33 U.S.C. §§ 1251 et seq.;
the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 300f, et seq.;
the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. §§
1801, et seq.; as any of the above statutes have been amended as of
the date hereof, all rules, regulations and policies promulgated
pursuant to any of the above statutes, and any other foreign,
federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation
or policy governing environmental matters, as the same have been
amended as of the date hereof.

 

(ii)
“ Hazardous Material ” shall mean any substance
or material meeting any one or more of the following criteria: (a)
it is or contains a substance designated as or meeting the
characteristics of a hazardous waste, hazardous substance,
hazardous material, pollutant, contaminant or toxic substance under
any Environmental Law; (b) its presence at some quantity requires
investigation, notification or remediation under any Environmental
Law; or (c) it contains, without limiting the foregoing, asbestos,
polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum hydrocarbons, petroleum
derived substances or waste, pesticides, herbicides, crude oil or
any fraction thereof, nuclear fuel, natural gas or synthetic
gas.

 

Section
2.17 Questionable Payments . Neither EPT nor any director,
officer or, to the knowledge of EPT, agent, employee or other
Person associated with or acting on behalf of EPT, has used any
corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or
other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any
direct or indirect unlawful payments to government officials or
employees from corporate funds; established or maintained any
unlawful or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets;
made any false or fictitious entries on the books of record of any
such corporations; or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback or other unlawful payment.

 

Section
2.18 Obligations to or by Stockholders . EPT has no
liability or obligation or commitment to any Stockholder or any
Affiliate or “associate” (as such term is defined in
Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of any Stockholder, nor does any
Stockholder or any such Affiliate or associate have any liability,
obligation or commitment to EPT.

 

Section
2.19 Real Property . EPT does not currently own, or has ever
owned, any real property.

 

ARTICLE
III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PUBCO AND MERGER
SUB

 

Except as
set forth in the corresponding Pubco Disclosure Letter, Pubco and
Merger Sub represent and warrant to EPT as follows:

 

Section
3.01 Organization and Standing . Pubco is a corporation duly
organized and existing in good standing under the laws of the State
of Nevada. Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized and existing
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Pubco and
Merger Sub have heretofore delivered to EPT complete and correct
copies of their respective Articles or Certificate of Incorporation
and By-Laws as now in effect. Pubco and Merger Sub have full
corporate power and authority to carry on their respective
businesses as they are now being conducted and as now proposed to
be conducted and to own or lease their respective properties and
assets. Neither Pubco nor Merger Sub has any subsidiaries (except
Pubco’s ownership of Merger Sub) or direct or indirect
interest (by way of stock ownership or otherwise) in any firm,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or
business. Pubco owns all of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of Merger Sub free and clear of all Liens, and Merger Sub has
no outstanding options, warrants or rights to purchase capital
stock or other securities of Merger Sub, other than the capital
stock owned by Pubco. Unless the context otherwise requires, all
references in this Article III to “Pubco” shall be
treated as being a reference to Pubco and Merger Sub taken together
as one enterprise.

 

 




 





11





 






 




 




 




 

 

Section
3.02 Qualification . Pubco is duly qualified to conduct
business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction wherein the nature of its activities or its properties
owned or leased makes such qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse
effect on the condition, properties, assets, liabilities or
business operations of Pubco (the “ Condition of the
Pubco ”).

 

Section
3.03 Corporate Authority . Each of Pubco and/or Merger Sub
(as the case may be) has full corporate power and authority to
enter into the Merger Documents and the other agreements to be made
pursuant to the Merger Documents, and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. All corporate acts and proceedings
required for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance
of the Merger Documents and such other agreements and documents by
Pubco and/or Merger Sub (as the case may be) have been duly and
validly taken or will have been so taken prior to the Closing. Each
of the Merger Documents constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Pubco and/or Merger Sub (as the case may be), each is
enforceable against it and/or them in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of
equity.

 

Section
3.04 Broker’s and Finder’s Fees . No Person is
entitled by reason of any act or omission of Pubco or Merger Sub to
any broker’s or finder’s fees, commission or other
similar compensation with respect to the execution and delivery of
the Merger Documents, or with respect to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby.

 

Section
3.05 Capitalization .

 

(a) The
authorized capital stock of Pubco consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares
of Pubco Common Stock, of which 10,968,754 (23,810,861 after a
forward split) shares are issued and outstanding and (ii)
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of which no shares are iss


 








 














International Metals Streaming Corp.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

California Clean Air Inc
Central Parking Corporation
Clean Transportation Group, Inc.
Diamond Triumph Auto Glass
Emissions Testing
Idleaire Technologies Corp
Imperial Parking Corp
International Metals Streaming Corp.
Keven Investments
MK Automotive, Inc.
Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.
Orofino Gold Corp
Pq Holdings, Inc.
Precision Auto
Pronto



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


International Metals Streaming Corp.




International Metals Streaming Corp.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
GS Valet, Inc. (until 2013-09-26)Standard IndustryClassification
Services-automotive repair, services & parkingAddress

4315 Lemac Drive, Houston, TX 77096
Phone
732-851-3527



Sample Contracts



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Second Amendment to Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization
(June 12th, 2017)
This Second Amendment to Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of June 1, 2017 (this "Amendment"), is made and entered into by and by and among Environmental Packaging Technologies Holding, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Pubco"), EPT Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EPT" and, together with Pubco and Merger Sub, the "Parties"). This Amendment amends the Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization by and among the Parties and dated December 28, 2016, as amended on March 31, 2017 (collectively, the "Agreement").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Amendment to Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization
(April 18th, 2017)
This Amendment to Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 31, 2017 (this "Amendment"), is made and entered into by and by and among Environmental Packaging Technologies Holding, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Pubco"), EPT Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EPT" and, together with Pubco and Merger Sub, the "Parties"). This Amendment amends the Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization by and among the Parties and dated December 28, 2016 (the "Agreement").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization
(December 29th, 2016)
THIS AGREEMENT OF MERGER AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this "Agreement") is made and entered into on December 28, 2016 by and among International Metals Streaming Corp., a Nevada corporation ("Pubco"), EPT Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub"), and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, and Environmental Packaging Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("EPT").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Rescission and Release Agreement
(March 14th, 2014)
THIS RESCISSION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into by and between International Metals Streaming Corp., a Nevada corporation formerly known as GS Valet, Inc. (the "Company"), on the one hand, and Sub LP, a United States Virgin Islands limited partnership ("Sub"), Dylana Dreams, LLC, a United States Virgin Islands limited liability company ("Dylana Dreams"), CI USVI, LLC, a United States Virgin Islands limited liability company ("CI USVI"), and Rufus Dufus, LLC, a United States Virgin Islands limited liability company ("Rufus Dufus," and with Sub, Dylana Dreams and CI USVI, each "Investor" and collectively "Investors"). The Company and Investors are referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Note Assignment Agreement
(August 15th, 2013)
THIS NOTE ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT (the "Assignment"), dated as of August 7, 2013 (the "Effective Date"), by and between MT Global Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Representative"), on behalf of Sub LP, a United States Virgin Island limited partnership ("Assignor"), and GS Valet, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Assignee").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Securities Purchase Agreement
(August 15th, 2013)
THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and executed as of August 9, 2013, by and among GS Valet, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a "Purchaser" and collectively, the "Purchasers").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Share Cancellation Agreement
(August 15th, 2013)
This Share Cancellation Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into on August 9, 2013 by and between GS Valet, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Ellenica Limited ("Ellenica").   The Company and Ellenica are also hereinafter individually and jointly referred to as "P(p)arty" and/or "P(p)arties".



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Note Assignment Agreement
(August 15th, 2013)
THIS NOTE ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT (the "Assignment"), dated as of August 9, 2013 (the "Effective Date"), by and between MT Global Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Representative"), on behalf of Dylana Dreams, LLC, a United States Virgin Island limited liability company ("Assignor"), and GS Valet, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Assignee").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Ellenica Limited
(August 15th, 2013)
This letter will confirm our agreement ("Agreement") that Ellenica Limited ("Consultant") is authorized to assist GS Valet, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), as its financial advisor on the terms and conditions set forth herein. This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution hereof by both Consultant and the Company.



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Unit Purchase Agreement and Share Exchange
(August 24th, 2012)
THIS UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SHARE EXCHANGE, made and entered into this 1st day of December, 2011 by and among GS Valet, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("GSValet"), and Garden State Valet, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company ("Garden State Valet"), and the unitholders of Garden State Valet (the "Unitholders").



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
BYLAWS OF GSVALET, INC. A Nevada Corporation as of November 17, 2011 ARTICLE I
Meetings of Stockholders
(July 12th, 2012)




International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Valet Parking Training and Safety Program
(July 12th, 2012)
Garden State Valet, LLC recognizes that the safety of their employees, the public, guests and their property are the mission of the Valet Parking Safety Program. To that end, vehicles shall be operated in a safe manner and in compliance with all pertinent state and federal laws. All patrons will be treated professionally and courteously and all our drivers will drive cautiously and obey all traffic laws. The safety and care of our customers and their property is our highest priority.



International Metals Streaming Corp. –
Standard Valet Service Agreement
(July 12th, 2012)
THIS AGREEMENT is made on [              ] [ ], 2012  by and between [___________], with its principal place of business located at [____________________] (the "Event Provider") and Garden State Valet, LLC, (the "Service Provider"), collectively referred to as the "Parties".













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








