














Home - Integrity Fundraisers





























 




























 


   
AboutPurchaseEmployment
























HomeContactContact UsEmploymentFundraiseHow ToCoupon BookMobile PassSherlock AppAdvertiseExtreme Saver Coupon BooksMobile Coupon PassPurchasePurchaseCoupon BooksMobile PassesSherlock ShoppingActivateFAQ's 


























Enjoy our
Exclusive Savings
with coupon books or mobile coupons
START SAVING













Everybody WINS With Our Fundraisers!

Win!
High Profits


Win!
Free Advertising


Win!
Awesome Prizes


Win!
Save Money
 

Check Out Our Great Fundraising Opportunities


 

Extreme Saver Coupon Book Fundraiser
The Best Coupon Book Fundraiser in the Midwest!
Click Here For More Info
 Mobile Coupon Fundraiser 
New Technology in Mobile Design with Better Value, More Success!
Click Here For More Info
Shopping Sherlock
Earn money giving away Free Apps!
Click Here For More Info




Loading... 














﻿








Integrity Investment Management


















Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to 1st column
Skip to 2nd column



Integrity Disclaimer  | |
				

Lonsec Disclaimer |
		
S&P Disclaimer |
		


Morningstar Disclaimer |
			

Zenith Disclaimer      
		 









Integrity Investment Management





















	Integrity Investment Management






			About Integrity	

Integrity Investment Management is a specialist Australian shares fund manager, which was founded in 2007. The firm manages Australian share investments for retail and institutional clients. Retail clients can access our investment service via the Integrity Australian Share Fund.
Since launching, Integrity has received many awards, including the Financial Review Smart Investor Blue Ribbon Award for Australian shares 2010 and the Money Management | Lonsec Fund Manager of the Year for Australian Equities (Broad Cap) 2009 and 2010.

 











 

 














About UsPortfolio ManagerThe Integrity EdgeHow to invest with us?Product Disclosure StatementFund InformationInvestment ApproachAwardsContact Us 









 














About  | Ratings  | Privacy Policy
  | Contact Us


Copyright © 2017 Integrity Investment Management. All Rights Reserved.
AFSL 315146














Integrity Life Fixed and Variable Annuities






































Types of Annuities

Fixed Income Annuities
Guaranteed Income Annuities
Variable Annuities
Indexed Annuities
Full List
  Learn the Basics  What Are Annuities?
Annuities Pros and Cons
Are Annuities Safe?
How To Sell Annuities


Compare an Annuity

Annuities vs Stocks
Annuities vs Mutual Funds
Annuities vs Life Insurance
Annuities vs IRAs
Annuities vs Bonds
Annuities vs CDs


Get Free Advice

When Should You Buy?
Talk to a Professional Advisor












Everything Else You Need
Don't enroll in an annuity program until you've researched your options thouroughly. We encourage you to browse the topics below.


Pages

About
Annuity Quotes
Anti Spam Policy
Contact
Contact Us
Free Consultation
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Thank You for Contacting Us
What Are Annuities






TALK TO AN EXPERT ADVISOR







Integrity Life Fixed and Variable Annuities

[ad#adsense1]
The Integrity Life Insurance Company is the ideal guide to a clear financial path. This is a company that offers incredible products and services that help consumers to develop a sense of direction and ambition in their financial lives. The company also assists consumers to understand the risks the future might bring. Integrity Life is member of the Western and Southern Financial Group. It has been there for a period of more than 40 years of service and experience in Insurance matters. The places at which the company is based include: New York, New Hampshire and Vermont. The services are evenly distributed by a team of incredible financial professionals.
The Annuities offered by Integrity Life 
Whether you are saving to build a home or pay fee for your education, Integrity Life will always be there to assist you on your way towards achieving your financial goals. Those who have retired have enjoyed the sweetness of making good investments by the services of Integrity Life. The company also offers consumers and clients with innovative plans and designs that provide you with a wide range of choices for product features. 
Other options offered include: investment options, guarantees and portfolio managers. Integrity Life offers both variable and fixed annuities. The variable annuities include: Avant Edge, Annui Choice II, PINNACLE V and PINNACLEplus. The fixed annuities include: IncomeSource, MOMENTUM advantage, NewMOMEMTUM and SPDA Series II.
Advant Edge
The Advant Edge is a highly flexible premium. Being highly flexible, the premium offers a wide range of investment options. It is of the L-share kind and variable in nature. The Advant Edge premium is characterized by two death benefit options; one enhanced and one standard. It also offers asset rebalancing and allocation. In addition, a ten percent annual withdrawal allowance that is non-cumulative is offered.
AnnuiChoice II
The AnnuiChoice II is also featured by flexibility and variability. This particular premium also has two options. One is either required to select a choice from a wide variety of financial portfolio or select one of the 5 options of the fixed guarantees.
PINNACLE V
PINNACLE V offers a good range of classes of assets from the professional money managers. Like the AnnuiChoice, it also offers the fixed guarantee option rates. Funds are allocated to a great range of various variable portfolios that give support to varying degrees of risk tolerance. In addition to that, it also offers a death guarantee benefit, an annual withdrawal allowance and portfolio transfer every year.
PINNACLEplus
This particular annuity features a 5 percent credit contribution in the first year and credit plus. The two flexible options maintain a fixed interest rate and at the same time systematically transfer the revenue to variable or fixed portfolio. PINNACLEplus also offers a wide range of options for investing good money, from the professional money managers. Others include: guaranteed rates and asset allocation.
Integrity Life offers products, services and annuities to numerous States. Some of the states included are: Indiana, Hawaii, Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Delaware, Washington DC, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky and more.
[ad#adsense-below] 












Other Helpful Resources

SEC: Annuities
Wikipedia: Types of Annuities
CNN/Money: Retirement Annuities
Investopedia: Annuity Definition
NY Times: Annuities & Retirement
Talk to a Manager & get a Free Quote



Information About Us

About Our Company
Annuity Quotes Provided
Anti Spam & Email Policy
Contact Our Support
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use & Service








The materials on Annuities Explained's web site are provided "as is". Annuities Explained makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Annuities Explained does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials. Copyright © 2010-2014 Annuities-Explained.net. All Rights Reserved.












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | Funded.com, LLC



























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
Funded.com, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Funded.com, LLC



Submit a Review

































Funded.com, LLC






            Business Information
        






(888) 223-4776

Funded.com, LLC
10 years in business

        1405 Silver Lake Rd NW Ste 8
        New Brighton, MN 55112-9311
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/26/2010
            

                Business Started: 01/01/2007


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/2007
            

                Business Incorporated: 01/16/2008 in MN





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mark Favre, Owner/Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            







            Service Area
        
         TWIN CITIES METRO - 11 COUNTY

    



 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


According to the information provided by funded.com this company helps clients and companies find resources for Angel Investors, venture capital, business leaders and equity partners to help raise money for growing and start up companies.

 












Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Business Profile














Hours of Operation:





                
M-F 9am-5pm EST 








BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Funded.com, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Funded.com, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 01/26/2010










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[10] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






































 
















        Integrity Viking Funds
    










Please enable javascript to view this website.















                        ABOUT US 



Home


Who We Are


Portfolio Management Team


Wholesaling Team




FUNDS 

All Funds

Equity

Integrity Dividend Harvest Fund


Integrity Energized Dividend Fund


Integrity Growth & Income Fund


Williston Basin/Mid-North America Stock Fund

Municipal Bond

Kansas Municipal Fund


Maine Municipal Fund


Nebraska Municipal Fund


New Hampshire Municipal Fund


Oklahoma Municipal Fund


Viking Tax-Free Fund for Montana


Viking Tax-Free Fund for North Dakota

Corporate Bond

Integrity High Income Fund




LITERATURE & FORMS 

Fund Literature
Applications and Forms
Tax Information

Cost Basis Information


Proxy Policy and Regulatory Filings




2016 Tax Stuffer
                            



Year-End Distribution Information
                            



Distribution Schedule
                            



CONTACT US


                        ACCOUNT 


Log In




                        MORE 


Fund Literature
Applications and Forms
Tax Information

Cost Basis Information


Proxy Policy and Regulatory Filings




Year-End Distribution Information
                            



Distribution Schedule
                            


Contact Us

Log In
















Welcome To Our New Website
We are pleased to unveil our new website, with a sleeker design and easier-to-find features. Plus, it's mobile friendly.
What about the old stuff you've come to know and love? It's all still here, with a fresh new look and location.






INTEGRITY DIVIDEND HARVEST FUND
Harvesting Dividends From Quality Companies
Learn more






WILLISTON BASIN/MID-NORTH AMERICA STOCK FUND
Be Part Of The North American Shale Revolution
Learn more






MUNICIPAL TAX-FREE FUNDS
State Specific Municipal Bond Funds Can Be a Valuable Addition to your Investment Portfolio
Learn more






Previous



Next










Class A shares as of 7/28/2017
NAV
Change %





Integrity Dividend Harvest Fund


                            14.55
                        

                            -0.41
                        



Integrity Energized Dividend Fund


                            11.02
                        

                            0.36
                        



Integrity Growth & Income Fund


                            52.27
                        

                            -0.25
                        



Integrity High Income Fund


                            7.86
                        

                            -0.13
                        



Kansas Municipal Fund


                            10.79
                        

                            0.00
                        



Maine Municipal Fund


                            10.89
                        

                            0.00
                        



Nebraska Municipal Fund


                            10.46
                        

                            0.00
                        



New Hampshire Municipal Fund


                            10.56
                        

                            0.00
                        



Oklahoma Municipal Fund


                            11.74
                        

                            0.00
                        



Viking Tax-Free Fund for Montana


                            10.12
                        

                            0.00
                        



Viking Tax-Free Fund for North Dakota


                            10.33
                        

                            0.00
                        



Williston Basin/Mid-North America Stock Fund


                            4.94
                        

                            -0.40
                        








Meet The Newest Fund in our Family  

                    Integrity Energized Dividend Fund gives investors an opportunity to participate in the income side of the energy sector as it will primarily invest in dividend-paying equity securities within several energy related industries, including certain utilities and materials companies.
            

                    At Integrity Viking Funds we continue to develop new products and strategies for investors, demonstrating our commitment to the financial advisors who use our Funds and the clients they serve.  The new Integrity Energized Dividend Fund is designed to seek high current income with the potential for long-term appreciation from energy-related companies.

            

View Fund Fact Sheet

Go to fund 



5-time Lipper Award Recipient

                Williston Basin/Mid-North America Stock Fund received Lipper® Fund Performance Awards for 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 & 2016. 
            

                We are very proud of these Lipper® Awards and are committed to working hard to continue producing top-tier results for our shareholders.
            

                The Williston Basin/Mid-North America Stock Fund invests in companies participating in or benefitting from the development of resources in the Williston Basin and Mid-North America regions and is designed to provide long-term capital appreciation to its shareholders.
            

View award

Go to fund 

















SagePoint Financial (Mutual Funds)













































SagePoint Financial
Advisor Recruiting: 866-462-4432Customer Service: 800-552-3319


Making The Move
Advisor Group
Privacy Notice Response
Advisor Login
 

About Us
Services
Technology
Growth
Resources
 








Mutual Funds
AB
Aberdeen Funds
Absolute Strategies Fund
AdvisorOne Funds
AIG Financial Distributors Mutual Funds
Akre Funds
Al Frank Funds
Alger Group
Allianz Funds
Alpine Funds
Altegris Funds
Amana Funds
American Beacon Funds
American Century Funds
American Funds
American Independence Funds
AmericaFirst Funds
AMG Funds
API Funds
AQR Funds
Aquila Group of Funds
Arbitrage Funds
Ariel Funds
Arrow Funds
Artisan Funds
Aston Funds
Ave Maria Funds
Baird Funds
Baron Funds
Becker Funds
Berwyn Funds
BlackRock
BMO Funds
BNY Mellon|Dreyfus
Bogle Funds
Brandes Funds
Bridgeway Funds
Broadview Funds
BTS Funds
Buffalo Funds
Burnham Funds
Calamos Mutual Funds
Calvert Funds
Cambiar Funds
Catalyst Funds
Century Funds
CGM Funds
Champlain Funds
City National Rochdale
Clipper Fund
Clough China Fund
Cohen & Steers
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Commerce Funds
Compass EMP Funds
Copeland Funds
Credit Suisse
Cullen Funds
Cutler Funds
Davis Funds
Delaware Investments
Deutsche Funds
Diamond Hill
Direxion Funds
Dodge & Cox Funds
Domini Social Funds
DoubleLine Funds
Dreman Funds
Driehaus Funds
Dunham Funds
Eagle Funds
Eaton Vance Investment Managers
Emerald Funds
Equinox Campbell
Eventide Funds
Fairholme Fund
FBR Funds
Federated Investments
Fidelity Investments
First Eagle Funds
First Investors Funds
Forester Funds
FPA Funds
Franklin Templeton Investments
Frost Funds
Fund X
Gabelli Funds
Goldman Sachs Funds
Good Harbor Funds
Goodhaven Funds
Gotham Funds
Greenspring Funds
Guggenheim Funds
Guiness Atkinson Funds
Hancock Horizon Funds
Harbor Funds
Harding Loevner Funds
Hartford Mutual Funds
Heartland Funds
Heitman Funds
Hennessey Funds
Highland Funds
Hodges Funds
Homestead Funds
Hotchkis & Wiley Funds
Hussman Funds
ICON Funds
Innealta Capital Funds
Integrity Viking Funds
Intrepid Funds
Invesco
IVA Funds
Ivy Funds
James Advantage Funds
Janus Capital Group
Jensen Portfolio Fund
John Hancock Investments
J.P. Morgan Asset Management
Keeley Funds
Keystone Funds
Kinetics Funds
Lateef Funds
Laudus Funds
Lazard Funds
Leader Funds
Legg Mason
Leuthold Funds
Litman Gregory Funds
LKCM Funds
LoCorr Funds
Longleaf Funds
Loomis Sayles Funds
Lord Abbett & Co. LLC
Main Gate Funds
Mainstay Funds
Mairs & Power Growth Fund
Manning & Napier Funds
Marsico Asia Funds
Matthews Funds
Meeder Funds
Merger Fund
Metropolitan West Funds
MFS
Morgan Stanley
Muhlenkamp Fund
Munder Funds
MutualHedge Frontier Legends Fund
Nationwide Funds
Natixis Funds
Navigator Funds
Needham Funds
Neuberger Berman Funds
Nicholas Funds
Northeast Investors Funds
Northern Funds
Nuveen Funds
Oakmark Funds
Oberweis Funds
Olstein Funds
OppenheimerFunds
Orinda Funds
Osterweis Fund
Pacific Advisors Funds
Pacific Life
Paradigm Funds
Parnassus Funds
Pax World Funds
Payden & Rygel Funds
Permanent Portfolio Fund
Perritt Funds
PIMCO Funds
PineBridge Funds
Pioneer Investments
PNC Funds
Portfolio 21 Fund
Power Income Fund
PrimeCap Odyssey Funds
Princeton Managed Futures Fund
Principal Funds
Private Capital Management
ProFunds
Prudential Investments
Putnam Investments
Quaker Funds
Quantitative Funds
Rainier Funds
Ridgeworth Investment
RiverNorth Funds
Robeco Funds
Roge Partners Funds
Royce Funds
RS Investments
Russell Investments
Salient Forward Funds
Sammons Retirement Solutions
Schneider Funds
Schroder Funds
Schwab Funds
Scout Funds
SEI Funds
Selected Funds
Sentinel Funds
Shelton Funds
Sierra Funds
SIM Funds
Sit Funds
Smead Funds
Snow Funds
Sound Shore Fund
SSgA Funds
Stadion Funds
Steward Funds
Swan Funds
T Rowe Price Funds
TCW Funds
TFS Market Neutral Fund
Third Avenue Funds
Thompson Plumb Funds
Thornburg Funds
TIAA-CREF Funds
Timothy Plan
Tocqueville Funds
Toews Funds
Torray Funds
Touchstone Funds
Transamerica Funds
Transparent Value Funds
Turner Funds
Tweedy Browne Funds
US Global Investors Funds
Van Eck Global Funds
Vanguard Funds
Victory Funds
Villere Funds
Virtus Funds
Voya Investment Management
Vulcan Funds
Wasatch Funds
WBI Funds
Weitz Funds
Wells Fargo Advantage Funds
Westcore Funds
Western Asset Management
Westwood Funds
William Blair Funds
Wilmington Funds
Winslow Green Funds
Wintergreen Funds
All share classes may not be available for all funds.
Product availability changes from time to time. Contact us directly if you have questions about specific products.
Mutual Funds are sold by prospectus. Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about the mutual fund. The prospectus can be obtained by contacting a financial advisor. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Entities listed here outside of AIG companies are not affiliated with FSC Securities Corporation.

Ready to Live Large and Speak Loud?
Making a move is a big change. By providing us with a little information about you and your background, we can propose solutions customized for your situation. Please complete and submit the form below and we will be in touch very soon.

 First Name  *
Last Name  *
Email  *
Phone 
...and this is totally optionalGross Dealer Concession 
Total Assets Under Management 
Reason for considering a move 
Questions or Comments 
 CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. *




This box is for spam protection - please leave it blank


		  
		  






















 



Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 













 





Integrity





















































































































Find a Fundraiser to Support


All Fundraisers
Churches & Youth Ministry
Schools, Fine Arts, & Athletics
Non-Profit Organizations
Mission Trips & Groups
Medical Causes
Adoption
Community Benefit
Other Groups & Individuals



Learn More


How it Works
About Us
Fundraise with Us



Watch Video



Featured Fundraiser


Chapman FamilyJust a few weeks ago, Monica was diagnosed with breast cancer, and on July 3rd she went in for a double mastectomy with reconstruction to rid her body of the cancer. Monica's friend set up a One Mission Fund for her because their family has no idea what life in the recovery stage is going to be like, and she wanted to help. Please join us in supporting Monica and family!Shop to Support Chapman Family »









Apparel

Shop by message
Unisex
Women
Kids




Art & Note Cards

Art Prints
Note Cards




Haitian Made

Haitian Metal Art
Haitian Bags & Pouches
Haitian Made Jewelry




Jewelry

Leather Cuffs
Sterling Silver Cuffs
Sterling Silver Necklaces




Candles & Melts

Soy Candles
Soy Wax Melts




Coffee Mugs



Custom Canvas




  Gift Cards!








Fundraising Programs


All Programs
Online Fundraising Store
Custom Apparel
Change Challenge
Candle Fundraiser
Photo Canvas Fundraiser
Custom Fundraiser

Learn More »


Learn More

Learn about all the fundraising options available with One Mission »



Start an Online Fundraiser

Create a free online fundraising store. Learn more »



Ideas for:


Churches & Youth Groups
Schools, Fine Arts, & Athletics
Non-Profit Organizations
Mission Trips & Groups
Medical Causes
Adoption
Community Benefit
Memorial Funds














This is a Preview Only!
This is only visible to you and cannot be accessed by others.













 


Integrity
$15.00 – $80.00

40% from the proceeds of this item will be donated to the General Fund!






About the Message (Integrity is Doing the Right Thing Even When No One is Watching):  It all comes down to Character, really.  And good character is built, piece by piece, situation by situation – by thought, choice, courage and determination. (Paraphrased from John Luther)
As always, 40% of your total purchase price will be donated to the mission you choose to support on our site. (And we’re sharing the love — our artists earn an additional percentage as well!) Artwork by Keri Speidel. Poster printed on our brightest white, 245g, textured art paper.
Add a Frame: Save time and order your print with a high-quality, American made frame. Our satin black frames are 1¼ wide and feature a clean and simple design complete with a hanger and shatter-resistant styrene (no glass).





Art Print Sizes

Choose an option8" x 10"8" x 10" with Black Frame8" x 10" with White Frame11" x 14"11" x 14" with Black Frame11" x 14" with White Frame18" x 24"18" x 24" with Black Frame18" x 24" with White FrameClear 








Add to cart








SKU: AP-KLS-068.
Tags: Art Print, Keri Speidel.





Additional information



Additional information


Weight
.25 lbs


Dimensions
15 x 3 x .25 in


Art Print Sizes
8" x 10", 8" x 10" with Black Frame, 8" x 10" with White Frame, 11" x 14", 11" x 14" with Black Frame, 11" x 14" with White Frame, 18" x 24", 18" x 24" with Black Frame, 18" x 24" with White Frame






 

Left Sidebar Fly-out Menu
Right Sidebar Fly-out Menu




Share This:





























CartSearch Products
Search for:




Product CategoriesArt Prints








Uh oh! Looks like you have JavaScript disabled. To use all of this site's features you must enable JavaScript! This is just a friendly warning =)
    

 
 
Back to top











































































National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC) - Login





































CFC
NCSC





















 
Are you sure you want to switch organizations? Any activities in progress will be lost.

OK
Cancel






 (Log Out)
 





 


Help
Contact Us
Log In/Request Account
My Events
My
                    Profile

Simulate Member-Owner










Skip to content


About CFC
Overview
Our Member-Owners
Leadership
CFC Inside View Videos
CFC in the Community
Contact Us



Careers at CFC
Life at CFC
Employee Benefits
Career Opportunities



Investor Relations
Investor News
Institutional Investing
Retail Investing
Financial Reporting
Corporate Governance
Events & Presentations
Ratings & Research
Investor Relations Contacts



News
Press Releases
Press Release Archive
Member Success Stories
Media Contacts
RSS Feeds



Events
My Events
Meetings
Training & Webinars
Past Events



Member Login






                    Home
                
 

 
Login

















* These fields are required



The username and password are required.



* Username: 



* Password: 










LoginLogin Help
By clicking Login, you agree to 
            
                
                
                
                    CFC's
                
            
            Terms of Use.



Need Assistance?
 Request a New Account
 How to Create Your Website Account
 Reset Your Password

E-mail the Member Center or call us at 800-424-2955 for additional assistance.



Effective Date:  July 7, 2015
YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
CFC Websites Terms of Use
National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation ("CFC") provides information through public websites and enables secure online account access through CFC's private websites that require authentication. The CFC private websites that require authentication shall be known as the “Restricted Sites” and refer to those portions of our websites that are secure, non-public and accessible only after a user has registered and been authorized by CFC. A user is authorized by CFC only if the individual is (i) an employee, board member or authorized agent of a CFC member, associate or affiliate, or (ii) an individual employed by a non-member organization granted access by CFC for a particular purpose; but such authority shall be limited to only those portions of the Restricted Sites that CFC authorizes the user to access. Under no circumstances will any individual employed by or affiliated with a direct or indirect competitor of CFC be considered an authorized user of the Restricted Sites. The Restricted Sites, together with the portions of CFC’s websites that are available to the general public without the need to be an authorized user, are collectively referred to as the “CFC Websites.” 
By accessing and using the CFC Websites, you ("User(s)" and "you") agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein (“Terms of Use”) as modified from time to time by CFC. These Terms of Use constitute a legal contract between you and CFC, and by accessing or using any part of the CFC Websites you represent and warrant that you have the right, power and authority to use the CFC Websites you access and to agree to and be bound by these Terms of Use. You should carefully read and understand these Terms of Use, including the DISCLAIMERS, LIABILITY WAIVERS, LIMITATION OF DAMAGES, INDEMNITY AND OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS AT THE END OF THESE TERMS OF USE, before accessing or authorizing access to the CFC Websites. Your use of the CFC Websites shall comply with the terms of these Terms of Use at all times. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, if you do not have the right, power and authority to use the CFC Websites you access, or you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, you may not use the CFC Websites.
The information, data, text, software, source code, photographs, images, graphics, multimedia content, organization, layout, design, materials, documents, spreadsheets, financial models, formulas and other content (the “Content”) contained on or provided through the CFC Websites are proprietary and/or confidential information of CFC, its affiliates and their-third party licensors and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You may view and download Content from the CFC Websites according to your authorized account permissions and use such materials and content solely for your internal business purposes or as otherwise permitted by CFC in writing, provided that you (i) keep all copyright and other proprietary notices intact, and (ii) do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, distribute, transmit, reproduce, display, publish, license, create derivative works from, sell, lease or otherwise exploit the content for commercial purposes.
License
By transmitting content to CFC or the CFC Website, you grant CFC a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable license to use, reproduce, cache, modify, distribute and transmit such content for purposes related to the CFC Websites or CFC’s business purposes, and waive any publicity rights in such content. 
You represent and warrant that (a) you own or have the full right, power and authority to grant to CFC use of and rights in and to all content you submit to CFC, (b) your license of such content to CFC does not, and the use of such content by CFC will not, infringe any right or interest owned or possessed by any third party and (c) there are no claims or judgments relating to such content.
Privacy
CFC is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information in connection with your use of the CFC Websites. We take great care to keep your personal information confidential and secure. CFC’s use of your personal information is described in our Privacy Policy, which is available at https://www.nrucfc.coop/content/cfc/privacy_policy.html and which is hereby incorporated into, and made part of, these Terms of Use.
Online User Account Security and Passwords
Authorized Users of the Restricted Sites are provided access to available online data according to their authorized account permissions, by way of an online subscriber identification name, or User ID, and a password selected by the User. You agree that, by using a User ID and password to access the Restricted Sites, CFC may use the User ID and passcode as a means to authenticate your identity for purposes of using the Restricted Sites. CFC is under no obligation to confirm the actual identity or authority of any party accessing the Restricted Sites using your User ID and password. Users agree to keep these passwords private and further agree to refrain from sharing the passwords with any other person or allowing any other person to log onto or use the Restricted Sites. Passwords must be kept secure and should not be revealed over the phone, in an unencrypted e-mail message or in writing and should not be stored on a portable data storage device, such as a laptop, flash drive, tablet or mobile phone. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of your User ID and password.
Please notify the CFC Member Center (identified at the end of the Terms of Use) promptly if you become aware that any password information or any area of the CFC Websites has been compromised, or if you become aware of any unauthorized access to an account, whether or not such access was by someone who is generally authorized to access the system or is authorized to access other accounts.
Prohibited Uses
It is a violation of these Terms of Use for you to (i) use the CFC Websites for illegal purposes or in violation of any applicable laws and regulations, (ii) defeat or circumvent passcodes or other security features, (iii) use the CFC Websites or any products or services provided thereunder for other than their intended purposes, (iv) use any Content to represent that CFC endorses or has retained you, or any person or company associated or affiliated with you, to provide any services on behalf of CFC unless approved by CFC in writing, (v) obtain, alter, damage or destroy Content or otherwise to interfere with the CFC Websites systems of operation, (vi) use any robot, spider, or other automatic or manual process to monitor, data mine or copy any CFC Websites pages, Content, or user information, except as expressly permitted by CFC, (vii) transmit software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that are designed to or have the capability to interrupt, modify, damage, improperly access, disable, destroy or limit the functionality of the CFC Websites, CFC servers or CFC networksv or (vii) impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to an authorized user, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent any registration information provided to CFC.
CFC reserves all rights associated with providing services and information through the CFC Websites, including the right to terminate the use of and access to CFC Websites for any reason, including for the prohibited uses set forth above. Users and the respective organizations that they are associated with or represent in relation to the CFC Websites will be held responsible for any violation of these Terms of Use and CFC will, in connection with any violation, pursue such penalties and remedies as the law provides.
Access to Other Online User Accounts
Each User's access to the Restricted Sites is limited to that portion of such CFC Websites for which the User has authorized account permissions. If any User obtains unauthorized access to Content that it knows, or reasonably should know, to be outside the area of its authorization, whether accessed through inadvertent or other means, the User shall immediately exit the area and is prohibited from saving or storing, maintaining or making any use of, printing, sending, sharing, publishing or otherwise disseminating any data or information so accessed.
CFC strives to protect User's account information by employing an array of technological and procedural data security measures, including these Terms of Use. Unfortunately, no one and no technology can promise absolute data security. Although we take commercially reasonable data security precautions, the security of online User accounts and information could be compromised by unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors. You should promptly notify us of any misuse or unauthorized access that comes to your attention. We reserve the right to investigate any misuse or unauthorized access of secure information, including User's online accounts, and to contact law enforcement as we deem necessary or appropriate. By accessing and using the CFC Websites after the effective date of these Terms of Use, you agree to cooperate with us in this regard and to abide by these Terms of Use.
Products & Services
Display of a product or service offering on the CFC Websites is not a guarantee that the product or service offering is currently available, is available under the terms or conditions set forth on the CFC Websites, or that it will be available on the CFC Websites when you visit again.  Any description or reference to non-CFC products or services in the CFC Websites is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an endorsement or a recommendation of such products or services by CFC.
Proprietary Rights
The CFC Websites contain trademarks of CFC and its third-party licensors. Unauthorized use of any CFC or third-party trademarks, service marks or logos may be a violation of federal and state trademark laws. You must obtain CFC’s written permission prior to using any trademark or service mark of CFC. CFC and/or its licensors own all intellectual property rights in the CFC Websites, except as otherwise expressly indicated. The CFC Websites are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Procedure for Making Notification of Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied and is available on the CFC Websites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify CFC according to the notice requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and any other applicable law. Pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. Section 512, CFC’s registered agent under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act can be reached as follows: by mail to Legal Department (attn: General Counsel), National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, 20701 Cooperative Way, Dulles, VA 20166; or by e-mail to Compliance-ControlRoom@nrucfc.coop.
Links
The CFC Websites may contain links and pointers to the websites of third parties as a convenience to our Users. CFC does not operate or control, and does not necessarily endorse or recommend these sites, their operators or content. CFC is not responsible or liable for the availability of such third-party sites, their content or anything obtained through such third-party sites. Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked websites. It is your responsibility to review any such terms and conditions in connection with your use of any such websites.
Export Restrictions
The CFC Websites are operated by CFC from the United States of America. CFC makes no representation that the information in the CFC Websites is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the CFC Websites from territories where the content may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the CFC Websites from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The products and services provided through the CFC Websites may not be exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States embargoes goods, or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specifically Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders.
DISCLAIMERS, LIABILITY WAIVERS, LIMITATION OF DAMAGES AND INDEMNITY
CFC IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED, GENERATED OR MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE CFC WEBSITES (THE "INFORMATION"), NOR FOR ANY DECISIONS OR ACTIONS THAT YOU MIGHT TAKE BASED ON INFORMATION. THE USE OF INFORMATION, OR RELIANCE ON IT, IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. ANY SUCH INFORMATION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE EXPERT, PROFESSIONAL, FINANCIAL OR LEGAL ADVICE OR OPINION. THE CFC WEBSITES AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFC WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, DATA ACCURACY AND QUIET ENJOYMENT. CFC DISCLAIMS AND DOES NOT WARRANT THE OPERATION, PERFORMANCE, SAFETY OR SECURITY OF THE CFC WEBSITES.
CFC MAY TERMINATE, FOR ANY REASON, TEMPORARILY OR PERMANENTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART AND WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE, THE CFC WEBSITES, ANY FEATURE OF THE CFC WEBSITES, OR YOUR ACCESS TO THEM. CFC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY MODIFICATION, SUSPENSION OR DISCONTINUANCE OF THE CFC WEBSITES. 
CFC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE CFC WEBSITES OR ANY INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED OR PROVIDED VIA THE CFC WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE CFC WEBSITES, THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE CFC WEBSITES OR INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THE USER FROM ANY HYPERLINKS TO DOCUMENTS LOCATED WITHIN AND WITHOUT THE CFC WEBSITES.
Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusions of liability for certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to you to the extent prohibited by law. In such cases, CFC’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
You agree to indemnify and hold CFC, and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, partners, agents and contractors harmless from any and all claims, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) arising from or in connection with (i) your use of the CFC Websites (including all products and services available through the CFC Websites) and Information, (ii) your failure to comply with these Terms of Use or other CFC Websites policies or (iii) your violation of any rights of another person through your use of the CFC Websites.
Miscellaneous
CFC reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use and all guidelines, rules and policies pertaining to the CFC Websites, from time to time, without prior notice and at our sole discretion. Any notices provided to you containing any additional terms concerning your use of the CFC Websites shall automatically, and without any additional action by CFC, be incorporated and considered part of these Terms of Use. Your use of the CFC Websites following any such modification constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use as modified. The last date these Terms of Use were modified is the effective date set forth above. These Terms of Use are deemed to incorporate by reference all other notices, policies, disclaimers and other terms contained in the CFC Websites. If a conflict exists between such other notices, policies, disclaimers and terms and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control. If any part of these Terms of Use is invalid, the remaining provisions or parts thereof shall remain effective. These Terms of Use, as modified from time to time, any written agreement between you or the organization you represent on the one hand and CFC on the other hand and any policies that are incorporated by reference in either of the foregoing, set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and CFC with respect to the subject matter hereof. CFC shall not be liable for any delay or failure in performance under these Terms of Use or interruption of service, including but not limited to any delay or failure resulting from acts of God, civil or military authority, war, labor disputes, materials provided by third parties or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of CFC.
These Terms of Use are governed by, and will be interpreted under, the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to choice or conflicts of law rules. Any legal action regarding these Terms of Use shall be commenced and heard in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia, or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. You agree to submit and consent to the jurisdiction and venue of these courts, irrevocably waive any right you may have to commence any action against CFC in any other court and irrevocably waive any rights or defenses in any such action based on lack of personal jurisdiction or improper or inconvenient venue. No waiver of your breach of these Terms of Use will be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, your online User account information or the acceptable use of your online User account access, please contact our Member Center, in writing, at membercenter@nrucfc.coop or National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, 20701 Cooperative Way, Dulles, VA 20166; or by telephoning the Member Center at 800-424-2955.










National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation


Privacy Policy


						 
						   | 
						 
				         
							    
							    
							       Terms of Use


						 
						   | 
						 
				         
							    
							    
							       Contact Us












Our Affiliates:


National Cooperative Services Corporation


					 |  Rural Telephone Finance Cooperative




Copyright © 2010-2015. National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation. All Rights Reserved.













India Bull 3X ETF | INDL Fund | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI India Bull 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
INDL


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
INDL.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
NDEUSIA


CUSIP
25490K331


ISIN
US25490K3317


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.29 / 1.23*


INCEPTION DATE
Mar 11, 2010







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI India Bull 3X Shares seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300% of the performance of the MSCI India Index. There is no guarantee this fund will meet its stated investment objective.
This leveraged ETF seeks a return that is 300% the return of its benchmark index for a single day. The fund should not be expected to provide three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 INDL Fact Sheet ETF Guide INDL Prospectus Premium Discount   Daily Holdings 



Download INDL Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

INDL 
    Daily MSCI India Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/28/2017    Shares Outstanding: 1,199,686.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
31,936,575.63
1.00
31,936,575.63


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
17,915,869.91
1.00
17,915,869.91


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
4,081,632.65
1.00
4,081,632.65


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
6.20
1.00
6.20


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
0.79
1.00
0.79


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
63,595.24
1.00
63,595.24


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
6,560,346.52
1.00
6,560,346.52


INDA
ISHARES MSCI INDIA ETF
1,357,447.00
34.13
46,329,666.11


—
ISHARES MSCI INDIA ETF SWAP
1,537,599.00
34.13
52,478,253.87


—
ISHARES MSCI INDIA ETF SWAP
2,535,715.00
34.13
86,543,952.95


—
ISHARES MSCI INDIA ETF SWAP
3,981,134.00
34.13
135,876,103.42









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI India Index (NDEUSIA) is designed to measure the performance of the large- and mid-capitalization segments of the Indian market, covering approximately 85% of companies in the Indian equity securities market.  One cannot invest directly in an Index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Housing Development Finance Co
9.08





Reliance Industries Ltd
6.66





Infosys Ltd
6.50





ITC Ltd
4.32





Tata Consultancy Services Ltd
4.17





Axis Bank Ltd
3.22





Tata Motors Ltd
2.91





Maruti Suzuki India Ltd
2.89





Hindustan Unilever Ltd
2.65





ICICI Bank Ltd
2.55








Index Sector Weightings %



Financials
23.96





Information Technology
14.26





Consumer Discretionary
12.62





Energy
10.89





Consumer Staples
10.07





Materials
9.87





Health Care
7.32





Industrials
6.05





Telecommunication Services
2.98





Utilities
1.98







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index sector weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 28, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
INDL






Net asset value (NAV)


90.55
NAV $


1.30
Change $


1.46
Change %












market price closing


90.36
Market $


1.07
Change $


1.20
Change %











Premium / Discount


-0.19
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



INDL
Daily MSCI India Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-3.70
4.79
66.07
47.90
-7.08
1.37
-9.81
03/11/2010
1.29 /
								1.23


Market Close
-3.69
4.22
66.15
48.05
-6.98
1.41
-9.82




NAV
-3.70
4.79
66.07
47.90
-7.08
1.37
-9.81
03/11/2010
1.29 /
								1.23


Market Close
-3.69
4.22
66.15
48.05
-6.98
1.41
-9.82


NDEUSIA (Benchmark Index) 
-0.78
2.91
20.53
17.47
4.26
9.02
3.16
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


INDL
Daily MSCI India Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this
















