






























Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) Shares Bought by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Mueller Water Products

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mueller Water Products with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $183.05 Million
Hoertkorn Richard Charles Has $5,082,000 Position in Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL)
Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) Shares Bought by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC
Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) Shares Sold by Renaissance Investment Group LLC
Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) Position Increased by First United Bank Trust
Moon Capital Management LLC Has $3.85 Million Position in Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOX)
Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Has $1,322,000 Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI)
Wright Investors Service Inc. Acquires 1,975 Shares of Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ)
Exelon Corporation (EXC) Stake Held by Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC
Capital Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE)
American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Stake Reduced by Johanson Financial Advisors Inc.
Acropolis Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)
Realty Income Corporation (O) Stake Raised by NEXT Financial Group Inc
Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MPWR) Position Boosted by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC
Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL) Position Held by Cullinan Associates Inc.
Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Sells 20 Shares of Mednax, Inc (MD)
Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Sells 100 Shares of Centene Corporation (NYSE:CNC)
Health Insurance Innovations (HIIQ) & Trupanion (TRUP) Head to Head Review
Head-To-Head Comparison: WisdomTree Investments (WETF) vs. Artisan Partners Asset Management (NYSE:APAM)
Financial Survey: Allot Communications (NASDAQ:ALLT) versus Zayo Group Holdings (ZAYO)







Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) Shares Bought by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Integrated Investment Consultants LLC increased its stake in  Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) by 21.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 19,918 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 3,503 shares during the period. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC’s holdings in Mueller Water Products were worth $233,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Stevens First Principles Investment Advisors boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products by 841.5% in the first quarter. Stevens First Principles Investment Advisors now owns 51,780 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $612,000 after buying an additional 46,280 shares during the period.  Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in  Mueller Water Products by 6.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,481,140 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $29,327,000 after buying an additional 140,739 shares during the last quarter.  First Manhattan Co. boosted its position in  Mueller Water Products by 4.6% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 369,848 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,641,000 after buying an additional 16,396 shares during the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  Mueller Water Products during the first quarter valued at about $176,000.  Finally, Contravisory Investment Management Inc. acquired a new position in  Mueller Water Products during the first quarter valued at about $164,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  87.36% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Mueller Water Products alerts:



Mueller Water Products (NYSE MWA) traded down 0.09% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $11.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 836,947 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $11.43 and a 200-day moving average price of $12.03. The company has a market capitalization of $1.83 billion, a PE ratio of 31.94 and a beta of 1.38. Mueller Water Products has a 1-year low of $10.45 and a 1-year high of $14.20. 





Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.09. Mueller Water Products had a return on equity of 18.45% and a net margin of 12.45%. The company had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $206 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.10 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Mueller Water Products will post $0.45 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/integrated-investment-consultants-llc-increases-position-in-mueller-water-products-nysemwa-updated.html. 
MWA has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Mueller Water Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Nomura initiated coverage on Mueller Water Products in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price objective for the company. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $13.00 price objective (down previously from $15.00) on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. CIBC cut their price objective on Mueller Water Products from $15.00 to $13.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, BidaskClub cut Mueller Water Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $13.71.
In other news, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $446,389.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total value of $633,372.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 27,303 shares in the company, valued at $306,612.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Mueller Water Products Company Profile
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through three segments: Mueller Co, Anvil and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.







Receive News & Ratings for Mueller Water Products Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Water Products and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿






























Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Maintains Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Mohawk Industries Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mohawk Industries Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Trust Co. of Toledo NA OH Acquires 33 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)
ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Shares Sold by Capital One National Association
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYKE) to Buy
Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Ashford Hospitality Trust (NYSE:AHT) Share Price
Somewhat Negative News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Charles & Colvard (NASDAQ:CTHR) Share Price
Container Store (The) (NYSE:TCS) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $420.38 Million
Cloud Peak Energy (CLD) vs. Natural Resource Partners (NYSE:NRP) Head-To-Head Contrast
$0.49 Earnings Per Share Expected for Lyon William Homes (NYSE:WLH) This Quarter
Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Franklin Electric Co., Inc. Issued By Boenning Scattergood (NASDAQ:FELE)
KeyCorp Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.35 Per Share (KEY)
FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.19
Perennial Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)
Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Maintains Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK)
Wayne Hummer Investments L.L.C. Has $1.43 Million Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)
Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $102,000 Position in Fresenius Medical Care Corporation (FMS)
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Increases Stake in Regions Financial Corporation (RF)
James Investment Research Inc. Decreases Stake in NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT)
ShoreTel, Inc. (SHOR) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
Zacks: Analysts Expect HealthStream, Inc. (HSTM) to Post $0.04 Earnings Per Share



 


Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Maintains Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK)

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 



Integrated Investment Consultants LLC continued to hold its position in  Mohawk Industries, Inc. (NYSE:MHK) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 460 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC’s holdings in Mohawk Industries were worth $111,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. National Pension Service boosted its stake in  Mohawk Industries by 9.8% in the second quarter. National Pension Service now owns 64,872 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,550,000 after buying an additional 5,798 shares during the last quarter.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its stake in  Mohawk Industries by 27.2% in the second quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 2,481 shares of the company’s stock worth $599,000 after buying an additional 530 shares during the last quarter.  Creative Planning boosted its stake in  Mohawk Industries by 12.6% in the second quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $677,000 after buying an additional 313 shares during the last quarter.  CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp boosted its stake in  Mohawk Industries by 7.3% in the second quarter. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 24,765 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,985,000 after buying an additional 1,678 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Bank of The West boosted its stake in  Mohawk Industries by 1.9% in the second quarter. Bank of The West now owns 11,313 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,734,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  77.03% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Mohawk Industries Inc. alerts:



Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) traded down 0.49% during trading on Thursday, reaching $238.96. 186,225 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $243.68 and a 200 day moving average price of $230.71. Mohawk Industries, Inc. has a 12 month low of $175.52 and a 12 month high of $249.61. The firm’s market capitalization is $17.76 billion. 




Mohawk Industries (NYSE:MHK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $2.72 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.71 by $0.01. Mohawk Industries had a net margin of 10.65% and a return on equity of 16.88%. The business had revenue of $2.22 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.27 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $2.38 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts expect that  Mohawk Industries, Inc. will post $13.37 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally  published by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/27/integrated-investment-consultants-llc-has-111000-stake-in-mohawk-industries-inc-mhk-updated.html. 
MHK has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Nomura started coverage on shares of Mohawk Industries in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set a “buy” rating and a $280.00 target price for the company. Instinet  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $280.00 price target on shares of Mohawk Industries in a report on Friday, April 14th. MKM Partners  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $255.00 target price on shares of Mohawk Industries in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of Mohawk Industries from $250.00 to $260.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $267.00 target price on shares of Mohawk Industries in a report on Monday, May 1st. One analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $260.67.
In other news, insider Suzanne L. Helen sold 6,200 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $240.62, for a total transaction of $1,491,844.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Cock Frans Georges De sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $238.27, for a total transaction of $238,270.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 13,016 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,101,322.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 7,587 shares of company stock valued at $1,823,768 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own  17.10% of the company’s stock. 
About Mohawk Industries
Mohawk Industries, Inc is a flooring manufacturer that creates products for residential and commercial spaces around the world. The Company’ segments include Global Ceramic, Flooring North America (Flooring NA) and Flooring Rest of the World (Flooring ROW). Its manufacturing and distribution processes provide carpet, rugs, ceramic tile, laminate, wood, stone, luxury vinyl tile and vinyl flooring.







Receive News & Ratings for Mohawk Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mohawk Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Trust Co. of Toledo NA OH Acquires 33 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. 





ONEOK, Inc.  Shares Sold by Capital One National Association





Container Store   Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research





Somewhat Negative News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Charles & Colvard  Share Price





QEP Resources, Inc.  Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $420.38 Million





Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Ashford Hospitality Trust  Share Price






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 







































﻿





























MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Nordex SE (ETR:NDX1) a €12.00 Price Target
SAP SE (ETR:SAP) PT Set at €108.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP)
WNS (Holdings) Limited (WNS) Price Target Raised to $40.00 at Citigroup Inc.
Zendesk, Inc. (ZEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus
Fiserv (NASDAQ:FISV) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.42
8point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Stock Rating Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Ventas (VTR) Stock Price
Invesco PLC (IVZ) PT Raised to $40.00 at Jefferies Group LLC
Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 1,108 Shares of HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA)
MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.64 Per Share
Analyzing Pep Boys – Manny Moe & Jack (PBY) & AutoZone (NYSE:AZO)
CommerceHub, Inc. (CHUBA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Summit Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMMF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday
Videocon d2h Limited (VDTH) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday
Western Gas Partners, LP (NYSE:WES) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ceragon Networks Ltd. (CRNT) to Hold
Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (AP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Marquee Energy Ltd (MQX) Director Acquires C$11,200.00 in Stock







MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday. 
According to Zacks, “Mueller Water Products, Inc. manufactures and markets products and services that are used in the transmission and distribution of safe, clean drinking water and in water treatment facilities. Their broad product portfolio includes engineered valves, fire hydrants, pipe fittings, water meters and ductile iron pipe, which are used by municipalities, as well as the residential and non-residential construction industries.   “


 Get MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS alerts:



Several other brokerages have also issued reports on MWA. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Nomura assumed coverage on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. CIBC  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 30th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned  a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.71.





Shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) opened at 11.50 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.83 billion, a PE ratio of 15.52 and a beta of 1.38. The company has a 50-day moving average of $11.43 and a 200-day moving average of $12.03. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS has a one year low of $10.45 and a one year high of $14.20. 
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.09. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS had a net margin of 12.45% and a return on equity of 18.45%. The firm had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $206 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.10 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts anticipate that  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS will post $0.45 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/mueller-water-products-mwa-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-sell.html. 
In other news, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares in the company, valued at approximately $446,389.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total transaction of $633,372.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 27,303 shares in the company, valued at $306,612.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 14,036.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 13,522,561 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $159,837,000 after buying an additional 13,426,906 shares in the last quarter.  Gamco Investors INC. ET AL raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 273.5% in the first quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 5,103,980 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $60,329,000 after buying an additional 3,737,574 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 8.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,650,343 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $149,528,000 after buying an additional 1,017,949 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of America Corp DE raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 110.5% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 1,603,860 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $18,958,000 after buying an additional 842,053 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Impax Asset Management LTD raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 31.1% in the first quarter. Impax Asset Management LTD now owns 3,411,887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $40,329,000 after buying an additional 809,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.36% of the company’s stock. 
About MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through three segments: Mueller Co, Anvil and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com







Receive News & Ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 






















































Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC Buys Fortuna Silver Mines Inc, Reinsurance Group of ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC Buys Fortuna Silver Mines Inc, Reinsurance Group of ...


July 13, 2017, 02:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Integrated Investment Consultants, LLCNew Purchases: FSM , RGA , OIS , WPM, SMFG, BIDU, MT, WST, ADI, ZTS,Added Positions:MPWR, HD, AVGO, GE, VEA, CIU, CSJ, BX, CBT, VRSK,Reduced Positions:QCOM, PVG, AG, BTG, VOO, MYL, GST, F, OKE, MOH,Sold Out:VAL, DKS, EVER, NSU, MBLY, AFSI, CMO, XLI, WFM, XLV,For the details of Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Integrated+Investment+Consultants%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Integrated Investment Consultants, LLCiShares Russell 1000 Growth ( IWF ) - 180,274 shares, 9.74% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.83%iShares Russell 1000 Value ( IWD ) - 176,543 shares, 9.33% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.9%iShares Core S&P 500 ( IVV ) - 61,664 shares, 6.81% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.4%iShares Russell Midcap Growth ( IWP ) - 119,071 shares, 5.84% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.17%SPDR S&P 500 ( SPY ) - 45,875 shares, 5.03% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.03%New Purchase: Fortuna Silver Mines Inc (FSM)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC initiated holdings in Fortuna Silver Mines Inc. The purchase prices were between $4.16 and $5.44, with an estimated average price of $4.81. The stock is now traded at around $4.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 60,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC initiated holdings in Reinsurance Group of America Inc. The purchase prices were between $122.13 and $130.52, with an estimated average price of $126.24. The stock is now traded at around $129.79. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 1,771 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Wheaton Precious Metals Corp (WPM)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC initiated holdings in Wheaton Precious Metals Corp. The purchase prices were between $18.93 and $22, with an estimated average price of $20.47. The stock is now traded at around $19.15. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 8,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Oil States International Inc (OIS)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC initiated holdings in Oil States International Inc. The purchase prices were between $25.55 and $33.5, with an estimated average price of $29.71. The stock is now traded at around $26.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 5,850 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc (SMFG)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC initiated holdings in Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $6.95 and $7.88, with an estimated average price of $7.42. The stock is now traded at around $7.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 20,482 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Baidu Inc (BIDU)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC initiated holdings in Baidu Inc. The purchase prices were between $172.44 and $191.95, with an estimated average price of $181.08. The stock is now traded at around $187.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 849 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: The Home Depot Inc (HD)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC added to the holdings in The Home Depot Inc by 65.76%. The purchase prices were between $145.91 and $158.81, with an estimated average price of $153.29. The stock is now traded at around $153.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 2,382 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Monolithic Power Systems Inc (MPWR)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC added to the holdings in Monolithic Power Systems Inc by 45.66%. The purchase prices were between $88.97 and $103.35, with an estimated average price of $95.23. The stock is now traded at around $99.70. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 4,769 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Broadcom Ltd (AVGO)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC added to the holdings in Broadcom Ltd by 374.25%. The purchase prices were between $209.2 and $254.95, with an estimated average price of $231.76. The stock is now traded at around $248.90. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 792 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Cabot Corp (CBT)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC added to the holdings in Cabot Corp by 66.15%. The purchase prices were between $50.75 and $60.9, with an estimated average price of $54.97. The stock is now traded at around $53.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 3,097 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Blackstone Group LP (BX)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC added to the holdings in Blackstone Group LP by 59.38%. The purchase prices were between $28.86 and $33.69, with an estimated average price of $31.27. The stock is now traded at around $33.96. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 5,100 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Verisk Analytics Inc (VRSK)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC added to the holdings in Verisk Analytics Inc by 45.83%. The purchase prices were between $76.75 and $84.06, with an estimated average price of $80.9. The stock is now traded at around $84.27. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 1,330 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: The Valspar Corp (VAL)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC sold out the holdings in The Valspar Corp. The sale prices were between $110.94 and $112.99, with an estimated average price of $112.14.Sold Out: Dick's Sporting Goods Inc (DKS)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC sold out the holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. The sale prices were between $38.05 and $51.84, with an estimated average price of $45.24.Sold Out: EverBank Financial Corp (EVER)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC sold out the holdings in EverBank Financial Corp. The sale prices were between $19.41 and $19.51, with an estimated average price of $19.46.Sold Out: Nevsun Resources Ltd (NSU)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC sold out the holdings in Nevsun Resources Ltd. The sale prices were between $2.14 and $2.59, with an estimated average price of $2.4.Sold Out: AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC sold out the holdings in AmTrust Financial Services Inc. The sale prices were between $11.96 and $21.95, with an estimated average price of $14.82.Sold Out: Mobileye NV (MBLY)Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC sold out the holdings in Mobileye NV. The sale prices were between $61.25 and $62.99, with an estimated average price of $62.HD 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of HDPeter Lynch Chart of HDPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        IWF
                                    
, 

                                        IWD
                                    
, 

                                        IVV
                                    
, 

                                        IWP
                                    
, 

                                        SPY
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





IWF








0%



Rate It





IWD








0%



Rate It





IVV








100%



Rate It





IWP








0%



Rate It





SPY








59%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Integrated Investment Consultants LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























integrated investment consultants llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Integrated Investment Consultants, LLC operates as a wealth management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Integrated Investment Consultants serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

255 East Brown Street
Suite 200
Birmingham, MI 48009
United States


Phone:
1-866-433-3581


Fax:
1-248-385-2067


Web url:
www.integratedic.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Christopher Forte "Chris"


Managing Partner




Todd Wagenberg


Managing Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | LegalZoom.com






























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Legal Forms
 > 
LegalZoom.com














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








LegalZoom.com



Request a Quote

































LegalZoom.com






            Business Information
        






(323) 962-8600

LegalZoom.com
18 years in business

        101 N Brand Blvd 11th Fl
        Glendale, CA 91203-2639
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 773-0888
                        

                            (888) 791-0227
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                Business Started: 07/12/1999


                Business Incorporated: 02/08/2007 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Chyna Smith
                






            Business Category
        


                Legal Forms
            




                            Legal Services Plans
                        

                            Divorce Assistance
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    LegalZoom.Com, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                600
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























LegalZoom.com






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                LegalZoom.com
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/01/2001










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    





94%




[2] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[31] Negative Reviews



[33] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[263] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        LegalZoom.com has received 3.76 out of 5 stars based on 33 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 













BBB Business Profile | LegalZoom.com






























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Legal Forms
 > 
LegalZoom.com














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








LegalZoom.com



Request a Quote

































LegalZoom.com






            Business Information
        






(323) 962-8600

LegalZoom.com
18 years in business

        101 N Brand Blvd 11th Fl
        Glendale, CA 91203-2639
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 773-0888
                        

                            (888) 791-0227
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                Business Started: 07/12/1999


                Business Incorporated: 02/08/2007 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Chyna Smith
                






            Business Category
        


                Legal Forms
            




                            Legal Services Plans
                        

                            Divorce Assistance
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    LegalZoom.Com, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                600
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























LegalZoom.com






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                LegalZoom.com
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/01/2001










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    





94%




[2] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[31] Negative Reviews



[33] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[263] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        LegalZoom.com has received 3.76 out of 5 stars based on 33 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Todd Wagenberg | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC








Todd Wagenberg | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


































 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 




Home »

									Todd Wagenberg					  
Todd Wagenberg


Managing Partner
Todd provides financial consulting services to private and public clients. He specializes in risk assessment, portfolio development and performance monitoring.
Todd has been working in the financial markets since 1986. Prior to joining Wells Fargo, Todd was in New York City, where he was responsible for managing currency and interest rate exposure to Canada, Australia and New Zealand for Chemical Bank and then at the National Australia Bank.
Additionally, while working on his MBA, Todd provided hedge consulting to multinational corporations for the Institutional Financial Futures Department of Prudential Bache Securities. Todd also has experience as a Market Maker trading proprietary positions on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
Mr. Wagenberg is a graduate of the University of Michigan (1986) and has his MBA from Wayne State University (1990). He also earned the designation of Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) in January 2000. In February 2001, Todd was selected to the Investment Management Consultant Association (IMCA) Technical Content Committee. He served on the CIMA Certification Committee and Admissions Committee. He was elected to the board of directors for IMCA in 2015.
Todd is a board member of the Investment Management Consultant Association. He is a member of the Michigan Association of Public Employee Retirement Systems (MAPERS). Todd also serves as a Board Member for the Bear Hug Foundation.
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 















Contact Info | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC








Contact Info | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


































 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 




Home »

									Contact Info					  
Contact Info


Integrated Investment Consultants
255 East Brown Street, Suite 200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009
Toll Free:  866-433-3581  Fax:  248-385-2067
Email: info@integratedic.com
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 















Matthew Croissant | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC








Matthew Croissant | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


































 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 




Home »

									Matthew Croissant					  
Matthew Croissant


Senior Financial Consultant
With more than 15 years of financial modeling and manager analysis experience, Matt brings a wealth of knowledge to Integrated. His responsibilities include analyzing client financials and stress-testing their financial outcomes to ensure that the desired results have high probabilities. In addition, he is responsible for pre-screening quantitative money manager information and portfolio monitoring. Matt holds a B.A. in Political Science from Albion College and J.D. from Wayne State University Law School.
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 















Dena Soule | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC








Dena Soule | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


































 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 




Home »

									Dena Soule					  
Dena Soule


Senior Relationship Manager
With more than 13 years of financial services experience, Dena strives to ensure that our clients’ administrative, trading and operational needs are handled accurately and quickly. Dena’s primary responsibility is to maintain a professional and organized environment that allows Chris and Todd to devote their full attention to clients and their investment planning.
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 















Contact Info | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC








Contact Info | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


































 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 




Home »

									Contact Info					  
Contact Info


Integrated Investment Consultants
255 East Brown Street, Suite 200, Birmingham, Michigan 48009
Toll Free:  866-433-3581  Fax:  248-385-2067
Email: info@integratedic.com
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 















Integrated Investment Consultants LLC | "Fiduciaries to those who take their money seriously"








Integrated Investment Consultants LLC | "Fiduciaries to those who take their money seriously"





























 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 






 


Slide #4  

 
 





 


Slide #2  

 
 





 


Slide #1  

 
 


 



Slide #4
Slide #2
Slide #1  

Integrating clients' financial resources and requirements with institutional investment management consulting discipline.
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 














Christopher Forte | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC








Christopher Forte | Integrated Investment Consultants LLC


































 
 

Navigation Menu

 
 
 




Home »

									Christopher Forte					  
Christopher Forte


 
Managing Partner
Since 1986, Mr. Forte has worked in investment consulting for private families, foundations, endowments, and public and private retirement plans. His primary responsibilities include working with clients in developing investment policy guidelines, asset allocation studies, investment management search and selection, and monitoring of plan returns.
Chris is a graduate of the University of Michigan (1985) with a degree in economics. He also graduated from the Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) program in 1996. Additionally, he co- founded the Smiles for Children Foundation and served as the Chairman of the Business Committee for the Birmingham Community House. He was selected to the Prudential Securities Incorporated Advisory Council (now Wells Fargo). While at Wells, Chris was actively involved in the development of institutional money management policy within the firm. In 2012, Barron’s recognized Chris as one of America’s top Advisors.
Chris is a member of the Michigan Association of Public Employee Pension Systems (MAPERS), the Profit Sharing Council of America (PSA),and the Investment Management Counsulting Association (IMCA). He is currently a Board Member of Smiles for Children.
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Copyright 2017 Integrated Investment Consultants |  Home

 










