

Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning and advisory consulting services. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals and charitable organizations. It manages separate client focused portfolio for its clients. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets of United States. It employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc. was founded on February 20, 2003 and is based in Oak Brook, Illinois with additional offices in Salt Lake City, Utah; New Lenox, Illinois; Valdosta, Georgia; Newport News, Virginia;...
Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning and advisory consulting services. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals and charitable organizations. It manages separate client focused portfolio for its clients. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets of United States. It employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc. was founded on February 20, 2003 and is based in Oak Brook, Illinois with additional offices in Salt Lake City, Utah; New Lenox, Illinois; Valdosta, Georgia; Newport News, Virginia; and Manassas, Virginia.
Detailed Description


Drake Oakbrook Plaza2215 York RoadSuite 306Oak Brook, IL 60523United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 630-472-1300

Fax: 844-270-4905

www.swcares.com







Key Executives for Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc.




Mr. Richard Lee Peterbok


      	President
      








Ms. Joanne Marie Woiteshek


      	Secretary, Treasurer, and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Interactive Financial Advisors, Inc., please visit www.swcares.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 eMoney Advisor Launches New, Interactive Lead Capture Feature That Enables Financial Advisors to 
         










    










 













 











 



















eMoney Advisor Launches New, Interactive Lead Capture Feature That Enables Financial Advisors to Streamline Lead Management, Drive Revenue and Digitally Grow Their Businesses
        																																																		
              

          New feature attracts, engages and qualifies leads through online marketing efforts
        
















 News provided by
eMoney Advisor  
Jul 25, 2017, 10:08 ET









 Share this article




























































RADNOR, Pa., July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- eMoney Advisor (eMoney) today announced the release of Lead Capture, an interactive, online workflow designed specifically for financial advisors to attract, engage and qualify leads through their online marketing efforts. Lead Capture enables advisors to launch an automated, digital financial planning experience to future clients to help accelerate business development efforts and drive revenue. This product enhancement is fully integrated into eMoney's wealth management platform and is available to all users of the eMoney product suite at no added cost.














							 		eMoney Lead Capture Feature
							  



 

 
 



Using Lead Capture, advisors generate a unique link that can be added to emails, social media posts and websites. Once clicked, the link directs to a customized web page where prospective clients can enter basic financial information. Prospects enter a few details about their current financial situation and gain insights into how they're tracking toward their goals. When they're ready for help, they can request a consultation with the advisor. The advisor is notified instantly, and the lead is automatically added to the advisor's dashboard in the eMoney platform.
"Attracting new clients online should be top-of-mind for advisors looking to accelerate their marketing and business development strategies," said Jessica Liberi, SVP, Product Management, eMoney Advisor. "With our new Lead Capture feature, advisors can optimize the return on their digital marketing efforts to generate quality leads."
Additional functionality of the Lead Capture feature includes the ability to:

Convert online viewers into quality leads. In seconds, advisors can create a professional and customizable landing page to convert online viewers into leads. 
Improve lead quality. Lead Capture generates the details an advisor needs to help qualify a lead, which fuels more meaningful conversations. 
Never miss an opportunity. Advisors are instantly notified when a new lead is generated, which allows for timely communications with the prospect. 
Ditch manual data entry. With the tool gathering the prospects' details, data entry becomes effortless.

"Advisors need to rethink how and where they are meeting new clients," Liberi said. "By embracing digital marketing strategies like Lead Capture, they'll position themselves to reach new audiences, better nurture leads and grow their businesses."
For more information about how Lead Capture works, visit the eMoney blog.
About eMoney:eMoney Advisor, LLC ("eMoney"), based in Radnor, Pennsylvania, is the leading scalable wealth management technology developed for financial professionals, firms and enterprises of all sizes. Rooted in collaborative financial planning, eMoney's technology enables financial professionals to build stronger client relationships, streamline business operations, and drive revenue and growth. Developed and perfected by nearly 500 passionate, innovative and dedicated employees in three locations, eMoney's solutions transform the wealth management experience for more than 45,000 financial professionals and 2 million end- clients nationwide. For more information, please visit: www.emoneyadvisor.com. 
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/emoney-advisor-launches-new-interactive-lead-capture-feature-that-enables-financial-advisors-to-streamline-lead-management-drive-revenue-and-digitally-grow-their-businesses-300493611.html
SOURCE eMoney Advisor
 Related Links

https://www.emoneyadvisor.com



 


















Jul 13, 2017, 10:00 ET
Preview: eMoney Advisor Announces Agenda for Fourth Annual Advisor Summit Themed "Plan It Forward"








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 13, 2017, 10:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              eMoney Advisor Announces Agenda for Fourth Annual Advisor Summit...








 











Jun 27, 2017, 09:08 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              eMoney Advisor Announces New Product Suggestion Tool Powered by...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Multimedia & Internet
  Banking & Financial Services








 You just read:
eMoney Advisor Launches New, Interactive Lead Capture Feature That Enables Financial Advisors to Streamline Lead Management, Drive Revenue and Digitally Grow Their Businesses


 News provided by
eMoney Advisor  
Jul 25, 2017, 10:08 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Advisors | Interactive Brokers



























































English





English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Italiano
Pусский
中文简体
中文繁體
日本語




















1029 1065 1078 1099 1147 1172 1267 401k 401k rollover 529 64 bit 64-bit 64bit 6e 975 IBIS Interactive Brokers Information System Marketplace@IB a101 a112 a601 aapl abgeltungssteuer acat acats account account administration account balance account configuration account login account management account minimum account minimums account transfer account type account types account window accrued interest accumulate ach activity statement add liquidity add user address adjustable stop adr adress advisor advisor account advisor fees advisor registration affiliate after hours after hours trading agreement alarm alert alerts algo algorithm algos allocation alpine amibroker analyst research  android api api download api mac api software api symbols api unix api windows apple application arbitrage assignment asx australia auto log off auto trade auto trading automated automated trading autotrade autotrader autotrading available funds average price back testing backfill backtest backtesting balance of monthly minimum fee bank bank account base currency basket basket order basket trader best execution beta beta api mac unix  beta api windows beta hedge beta tws beta webtrader binary binary option binary options blackberry blotter blotter guide bond bond trading bonds book trader booktrader borrow bp bracket bracket order bracket orders bracket trader brazil broker broker commission broker comparison broker fees bulletin bundle bundled button trader buying power c calculator calendar calendar spread calender cam canada cancellation fee cancellation fees career careers carry trade cash cash account cash fx translation gain/loss cash transfer cboe cd cds certificate cfd cfd uk change address change base currency change currency change password chart chart trader charting charts chat check margin check writing china chinese citibank cl clearing clearing firm close account close position closing account colocation color colors combo combo order comment letter commercial commercial tool commision commission commission schedule commissions commodities commodity communique communiques compare comparison competition compliance conditional order conditional orders contact contact us contract contract search conversion convert currency copper corn corporate account corporate action corporate action tool corporate actions corporate bonds cost basis coverdell covered call covered calls credit card credit default swaps crude oil ctci currencies currency currency conversion currency exchange currency futures currency options currency pairs cushion custodian custody customer agreement customer service data data feed dax day trade day trader day trades day trades left day trading daytrade daytrader daytrading dde ddedll ddedll.dll debit card delayed delayed data delayed market data delivery delta demo demo account demo login deposit deposits direct access dividend dividend reinvestment dividend stocks dividends dma document status dollar index download download api download software download trader workstation download tws downloads drip droid dtc dvp e mini e-mini ecn edemo efp eft email emini employee track employeetrack employment equity with loan equity with loan value esignal etf etf creation etf redemption eur eurex euro eurodollar euronext excel excel api excel dde excess liquidity exchange exchange fee exchange fees exchange rate exchange rates exchanges exchanges around the world exercise exercise option exercise options expiration extended hours failed family family and friends faq fdic features poll fee fees fibonacci fifo financial advisor firewall fix fop foreign foreign currency foreign exchange forex forex demo forex hours forex interest forex leverage forex margin forex minimum forex option forex options forex rollover forex spread forex spreads forex trading forgot password forms forum forums friends friends and family friends and family account friends family ftse fund fund account funding funding account funds future futures futures arbitrage futures margin futures margins futures options futures rollover futures symbols futures trading fx fx options fx portfolio fx trader fx trading fxconv fxtrader gainskeeper gateway gc globex glossary gold gold futures gold trading permission greece greeks gtc gtd hard to borrow hedge hedge fund hedge fund capital introduction hedging help high dividend scanner historical historical data holiday holiday calendar holidays hong kong hours ib address ib gateway ib message center ib money manager marketplace iban ibis research platform ice ideal ideal pro idealpro imbalance implied volatility important year end information inactivity inactivity fee inactivity fees index india indicative rate indices individual account initial deposit initial margin insight institutional account insurance interest interest rate interest rates internal transfer international introducing broker introducing brokers investment club ioc ipad iphone ipo ira ira account ira accounts ira conversion ira fees ira margin ira rollover ira transfer iron condor isa isin israel italy itws japan java java api java download javaw javaw.exe jobs joint joint account kaching knowledge base korea kospi lab lab account language last message latency leaps level 2 level ii leverage libor limit limit order link account link accounts linked accounts linux liquidate last liquidation live chat loan loc location locations log in log on login logon lost password mac mailing address maintenance maintenance margin managed account managed accounts manual margin margin account margin calculation margin call margin cushion margin fees margin futures margin interest margin interest rate margin interest rates margin ira margin loan margin loan rates margin rate margin rates margin requirement margin requirements margin trading margins mark to market market data market data subscription market depth market on close market order market profile market pulse market scanner market value markets master account matlab message message center message centre messages meta trader metal metal highlights metastock metatrader mini options minimum minimum account minimum account balance minimum account size minimum balance minimum deposit minimum fee minimum funding mit mobile mobile trader mobile trading moc model navigator money manager money manager marketplace money market money transfer monthly fee monthly minimum fee mosaic mt4 mtm multicharts multiple accounts municipal bonds mutual fund mutual funds nasdaq net liquidation value new account new products news nikkei ninja ninja trader ninjatrader nri nybot nymex nyse oca oca group occ option symbology oco oco order odd lot offices offshore oil oms open account open an account opg option option assignment option calculator option exercise option expiration option spread option spreads option strategy lab option trader options options calculator options exercise options trading order order cancellation fee order presets order size order size is not within the limits order status order type order types orders osi otc otcbb pair pair trade pair trading pairs pairs trading paper paper account paper money paper trade paper trader paper trading paper trading account paper trading for professors paper trading for students papertrade papertrader papertrading partner partners partnership password pattern pattern day trade pattern day trader pattern day trading pattern daytrader pdt penny stocks pension plan trust account phone phone number physical delivery pink pink sheet pink sheets platform plugin poll port portfolio portfolio analyst portfolio margin portfolio margining position transfer post trade allocation potential pattern day trade power of attorney practice practice account pre market pre-market precautionary settings premarket presets press press release press releases pricing pricing and margin prime prime broker prime brokerage probability lab professional professional advisor registration professional services promotion proxy put call ratio quicken quote quote tracker quotes quotetracker rates real time real time data real time quotes rebalance rebate referral reg t reg t margin relative order release notes reopen reopen account reports research retail price improvement return device reuters reuters news risk navigator roll over rollover rollover ira roth roth conversion roth ira roth ira conversion routing number rrsp rsp rss feed rss news feed rth russell 2000 s safeword sales sbl scale scale trader scaletrader scan scanner schedule d screener secure login security security card security code security code card security code card activation security device security token sell short sep ira sepa server service Fee settled cash settlement settlement date short short availability short interest short list short sale short sales short sell short selling short stock short stocks shortable shortable stocks shorting shorting stocks silver simulated simulated account simulated trading simulation simulator singapore single account single stock futures sipc sipp slb sma smart smart routing sms soft dollars software software download spain spanish special memorandum special memorandum account speed spot gold spread spread betting spread margin spread trader spread trading spreads spreadtrader spx spy ssf ssl statement statements status stock borrow stock certificate stock loan stock screener stock yield stock yield enhancement program stop stop limit stop limit order stop loss stop loss order stop order stop orders stoploss stops stp stp return stp return form student paper account student trading lab student trading login sub account sugar support swap swaps symbol symbol list symbol lookup symbol search symbology symbols system requirements system status t5008 taiwan tax tax form tax forms tax free savings account tax optimizer tax reporting taxes technical analysis telephone test account tf tfsa third party tick tick data ticker tif timber hill timberhill time and sales time in force token trade demo trader chat trader dashboard trader referral trader workstation trader workstation demo trader workstation download traders insight tradestation trading trading calendar trading configuration trading fee trading hours trading lab trading permission trading permissions trail trail limit trail lit trail mit trail order trail stop trailing trailing limit trailing stop trailing stop limit trailing stop loss trailing stop order trailing stops transfer transfer account transfer funds treasuries trial trigger trigger method trin trust trust account turbo tax turbotax tutorial twap tws tws beta tws demo tws download tws for blackberry tws login tws update tws user guide twsdde twsdde.xls txf uk unbundled universal account unsubscribe update update tws upgrade upgrade tws us sec. and comm. exchanges user guide user management users guide video videos virtual virtual account virtual trading vix volatility volatility lab voting vpn vwap w-8ben w8 warrant warrants wash sale wash sales wealth manager web trader web trader beta web trader demo webinar webinars webtrader webtrader beta wheat white label windows 7 wire wire fee wire instruction wire instructions wire transfer wire transfer instructions wire transfers wiring instructions withdraw withdrawal withdrawals withdrawl withholding withholding tax workstation year end year end info year end information year end tax information year-end information yearend information yield optimizer ym yuan 




Log In 





Trader Workstation
TWS Latest
TWS
TWS Beta


Account Management
Account Management
Finish  an Application




WebTrader
WebTrader
WebTrader Beta


API Access
IB Gateway Latest
IB Gateway





Account Management Beta - NEW








Open Account 





Start an Application
Finish an Application
What You Need
Configuring Your Account
Contact a Representative







Free Trial



















Registered Advisor






Home
Individual Investor or Trader
Registered Investment Advisor
Hedge or Mutual Fund
Money Manager
Proprietary Trading Group
Family Office
Small Business
Friends and Family Advisor
Introducing Broker
Incentive Plan Administrator
Compliance Officer
Administrator
Educator
Referrer









Free Trial
PRICING 





Commissions
Interest and Financing
Research, News and Market Data
Institutional Research


Required Minimums
Other Fees
Advisor Fees

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



TRADING 





PLATFORMS
Trading Platforms
Platform Demos
TWS Software
API Solutions
Research Platform


TECHNOLOGY
SmartRouting
Order Types and Algos
Customer Activity Monitor
Third Party Integration
White Branding
Features in Focus



PRODUCTS
Overview
Product Listings
Exchange Listings
New Products
Margin
Contract Search


SERVICES
Account Management
IRA Information
Funding Reference
Securities Financing
Investors' Marketplace
New Features Poll
Tax Information and Reporting

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



EDUCATION 





TRADERS' UNIVERSITY
Traders' University
Webinars & Short Videos
Courses & Tours
Documentation
Apps, Tools & Widgets
Traders' Glossary
Live Events


OTHER RESOURCES
Probability Lab
Traders' Insight
Trading Calendars

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



ABOUT IB 





ABOUT US
Information and History
Awards
News
Media
Live Events
Investor Relations


MORE...
Comment Letters and Papers
Regulatory Reports
S&P Rating
Careers

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



CONTACT US 





Client Services
Institutions Client Services
Institutions Sales Contacts
Trading Desks
IB Knowledge Base
System Status

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 





Search

Account Management Log In

Account Management Beta Log In

Open Account

Language 





English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Italiano
Pусский
中文简体
中文繁體
日本語



















Solutions for Advisors of all sizes

Whether you are a veteran Registered Investment Advisor or an experienced trader thinking of becoming an RIA, Interactive Brokers can help you achieve your goals.










  
Compliance Center
				Read More 


  
Automated Client Management
				Read More 



  
Advisor Webinars
				Read More 


  
Securities Financing
				Read More 



  
Lower Costs
				Read More 


  
Global Markets
				Read More 



  
Innovative Technology
				Read More 


  
Investors Marketplace
				Read More 



  
Financial Strength
				Read More 


  
Comprehensive Reporting
				Read More 



  
Additional Resources
				Read More 


  
Open An Account
				Read More 






 




IB's RIA Compliance Center

Basic information on the registration and compliance requirements facing investment advisors that includes a webinar on RIA compliance and PDF documents that spotlight major compliance topics.

Visit the RIA Compliance Center









Automated Client Billing and Management

Enjoy the Freedom and flexibility to run your own business with no contract and minimal start-up and overhead costs.





Automated Client Billing


Enter client fees during client registration or anytime in Account
Management.
 Assign client fees to accounts individually or store them in client fee
              templates and apply them to multiple clients at a time.              
Flexible client fee options include the ability to charge client 
              commissions to your own Advisor master account, charge fees on client investments
              in hedge funds at our Hedge Fund Investor Site (available at the Investors'
              Marketplace), and even reimburse fees to client accounts.



Electronic Invoicing


Automated electronic invoicing lets you submit client fee invoices in
Account Management.
 Set maximum invoicing amounts or percentage caps.
Meet your compliance obligations by notifying your clients of advisory fee
              details.



Client  Management

We make it easy to manage your clients:

Dashboard
CRM
White branding



Client  Applications and Transition

We offer a variety of options for adding clients and migrating to our platform:

Fully- and semi-electronic applications
Application XML
Mass upload
White-branded applications





Learn More












2017 Winner"Best Broker-Dealer Options" and "Best Broker-Dealer Futures"







2016 Winner"Best Prime Broker - Start-ups"







Rated a Top Online Broker for the Seventh Consecutive Year!1







2017 Winner "Best FCM - Technology"





1. Low Cost Rated by Barron's 16 Years Straight - Low cost broker 2002 through 2016 according to Barron's online broker review. 2002 - 5 Stars, 2003 - 4.9 Stars, 2004 - 5 Stars, 2005 - 5 Stars, 2006 - 5 Stars, 2007 - 4.8 Stars, 2008 - 4.5 Stars, 2009 - 4.5 Stars, 2010 - 4.2 stars, 2011 - 4.5 stars, 2012 - 4.3 stars, 2013 - 4.5 stars, 2014 - 4.5 stars, 2015 - 4.5 stars, 2016 - 4.5 stars, 2017 - 4.5 stars. Interactive Brokers earned a 4.5 star ranking in the March 20, 2017 Barron's Annual Best Online Brokers - “One More Reason to Buy Online“. Criteria included Trade Experience and Technology, Usability, Mobile, Range of Offerings, Research Amenities, Portfolio Analysis & Report, Customer Service, Education and Security, and Costs. Barron's is a registered trademark of Dow Jones & Co. Inc.



 




Advisor Webinars







Starting out as a RIA:
            A Primer on Registered Investment Advisors' Compliance Obligations
Panelist: Jeff Fox, Interactive Brokers





Why Become an Independent
            Advisor on IB's platform?
Panelist: Mary MacNamara, Interactive Brokers





Establishing an RIA:
            Key Business and Regulatory Issues
Panelist: Brent Gillett & Thomas Hertog,
            Investment Group of Davis Gillett Mottern & Sims, LLC












Securities Financing
Our depth of availability, transparent and competitive loan and borrow rates, automated tools and dedicated service representatives give you the advantages you expect from Interactive Brokers.

















Depth of Availability
The combination of both internal supply and external relationships allows us to offer our clients a vast array of securities to trade:

Our large and diverse customer base lets us source internally approximately 60 to 70% of our short borrow needs.
IB has securities lending/borrowing relationships with more than 60 counterparties, comprised of Agent Lenders, banks and broker dealers in the U.S.
Our team provides consistent high levels of protection against recalls and buy-ins on hard to borrow securities, creating extended time horizons for even the most difficult short selling strategies.
IB's excellent credit rating makes us a preferred borrower with large agent lenders, prime brokers and other broker-dealers.

Learn More


Transparent, Competitive Loan and Borrow Rates

We disclose our short stock availability (aka "locates") to ALL customers on a first come, first serve basis for every supported security on our trading platform, Trader Workstation (TWS).
We disclose indicative rebate rate and fee rate information, which you can use as an indication of borrow costs.
Each day, we provide our clients with detailed reports, outlining exactly what the financing costs are for each SLB-related transaction.

Learn More




Stock Yield Enhancement Program

Increase investment returns by lending fully paid and/or excess margin stock.
Optimize lending of your hard to borrow assets by earning a market-based loan rate.
Trade your loaned stock with no restrictions. You can sell your shares at any time.

Learn More



Automated Tools
In addition to the Stock Yield Enhancement Program, we offer a variety of securities financing tools:

TWS includes stock loan and borrow tools out of the box, including the Yield Optimizer, which lets you compare securities financing rates across the current SLB market, and OneChicago's single stock futures market.
Customers with Portfolio Margin accounts can join our Pre-Borrow Program, which allows pre-borrowing of shares to ensure settlement of very hard to borrow stocks.

Learn More




Institutional Clients

Direct access to the Securities Financing coverage desk.
Stock loan market color commentaries via Traders' Insight and ENSO Financial Analytics.
Private locates available upon request allow for better timing of entry points on high traffic short positions.























Lower Your Costs to Maximize Your Return
Our transparent, low commissions and financing rates, and best price executions minimize your costs to help you maximize your returns.





Generate Higher Returns
Lower commissions, no ticket charges; no minimums; and no technology, software, platform, or reporting fees. Low financing rates, and higher loan values on portfolio margin accounts over $100K.
Learn More



Best Price Execution
Most brokers trade against your orders or sell them to others to execute who will trade against them. The resulting poor execution probably costs you more than the commission you pay. IB SmartRoutingSM continuously searches and reroutes to the best available prices for stocks, options and combinations.
Learn More















Execution Price Improvement Comparison*


 
US Stocks(per 100 shares)
US Options(per contract)
European Stocks(per 100 shares)




Interactive Brokers
$0.38
$0.84
€0.08


Industry
$0.32
$0.60
- €0.84


IB Advantage
$0.06
$0.24
€0.93



 Net Dollar Price Improvement vs. National Best Bid/Offer 1
*Based on independent measurements, the Transaction Auditing Group, Inc., (TAG), a third-party provider of transaction analysis, has determined that Interactive Brokers' US stock and options price executions were significantly better than the industry's during the second half of 2016. 2











Net $ Improvement per Share Definition: ((# of Price Improved Shares * Price Improvement Amount) - (# of Price Disimproved Shares * Price Disimprovement Amount)) / Total Number of Executed Shares
The Transaction Auditing Group (TAG). Industry as a whole for the referenced periods according to TAG. The TAG analysis for US stocks included all market orders of 100 shares or more up to 10,000 shares. The analysis for US options included all market order sizes in US options and includes exchange rebates received by clients under IB's cost-plus pricing structure. The TAG analysis of orders routed to exchanges in Europe included all orders routed for execution during regular trading hours including all market and marketable limit orders and orders near the market (orders having a limit price within one-tenth of a Euro from the quote price at time of order receipt) on stocks listed on the included exchanges, weighted by the volume executed on each exchange. The exchanges for European stocks are XETRA, EURONEXT, CHI-X, WIENER BORSE, TURQUOISE, LONDON and NASDAQ OMX.




 





Your Gateway to the World's Markets
Direct market access to stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, ETFs and CFDs from a single IB Universal Account™.




100Markets




25Countries




22Currencies




Access market data 24 hours a day and six days a week to stay connected to all global markets.
Convert currencies at market determined rates as low as 1/10 of a basis point, or create a position collateralized by a non-native currency.
Fund your account in multiple currencies. Trade assets denominated in multiple currencies from a single account.
Learn More



 





Innovative Technology







We've been building trading technology that provides competitive pricing, speed, size, diversity of global products and advanced trading tools to our clients for 40 years.








Trading Platforms
Our trading platforms have been designed with the professional trader in mind:

Optimize your trading speed and efficiency with our market maker-designed Trader Workstation (TWS).
Trade your IB account on-the-go from just about any mobile device with mobileTWS.
Use our HTML-based WebTrader, a clean and simple interface that works from behind a firewall.

Learn More


Advanced Trading Tools
Our suite of Option Labs and advanced trading tools offer support to help you discover and implement optimal trading strategies. For example, our Probability Lab offers a practical way to think about options without the complicated mathematics, and the Option Strategy Lab lets you create simple and complex multi-leg option orders based on your own price and volatility forecast.
Learn More


Order Types and Algos
Trader Workstation (TWS) supports over 60 order types, from the most basic limit order to advanced trading to the most complex algorithmic trading, to help you execute a wide variety of trading strategies.
Learn More


API and FIX/CTCI Solutions
Our proprietary API and FIX CTCI solutions let institutions create their own automated rule-based trading system that takes advantage of our high-speed order routing and broad market depth.
Learn More


Sophisticated Risk Management
Real-time market-risk management and real-time monitoring provide a comprehensive measure of risk exposure across multiple asset classes around the globe and real-time data that gives you the edge you need to react quickly to the markets.
Learn More


Integrated Solutions
IB's Order Management System (OMS) makes it easy to submit, stage, manage and track client orders whether they are received electronically via FIX, input directly by traders or placed over the phone.
Learn More
















 








Investors' Marketplace
Investors and clients can meet and interact with third-party service providers to connect and conduct business.





495
investment services



299
research services



397
technology services



154
administrative services



21
business development services





Individual traders and investors, financial advisors, fund managers and third-party service providers can meet to do business together.
Advertise your services at no cost and reach individual and institutional users worldwide.




Search the marketplace for free and connect to a variety of third-party services, including Money Managers, hedge funds, research analysts, business developers and administrators.






Visit the Investors' Marketplace



 





Financial Strength and Stability
Our strong capital position, conservative balance sheet and automated risk controls protect IB and our clients from large trading losses.

Interactive Brokers Group (IBG LLC) equity capital exceeds $6 billion1. 16.6% of IBG LLC is owned by the publicly traded company, Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. and the remaining 83.4% is owned by our employees and affiliates.
Unlike other firms, where management owns a small share, we participate substantially in the downside just as much as in the upside which makes us run our business conservatively. We hold no material positions in OTC securities or derivatives. We hold no CDOs, MBS or CDS. The gross amount of our portfolio of debt securities, with the exception of US governments debt securities, is less than 10% of our equity capital.
Learn More


Includes Interactive Brokers Group and its affiliates.




 






Comprehensive Reporting
Easy to view and customize, our statements and reports cover all aspects of your Interactive Brokers account.








PortfolioAnalyst 


PortfolioAnalyst
PortfolioAnalyst, our online reporting and analysis interface, lets you analyze the performance of your account portfolio online by creating and saving customizable PDF reports based on a set of measurement criteria and optionally comparing the data to selected industry benchmarks.



Statements 


Statements
Run and customize activity statements to view detailed information about your account activity, including positions, cash balances, transactions, and more.



Flex Queries 


Flex Queries
Create statement templates called Flex Queries, which let you customize your activity data at the most granular level and download in XML or text format.



Downloadable Statements 


Downloadable Statements
Save your statements in PDF or Excel format, or download them to a variety of third-party formats such as Quicken, Tradelog or CapTools.



Daily Margin Reports 


Daily Margin Reports
Daily margin reports detail requirements by underlying.



Transaction Cost Analysis (TCA) 


Transaction Cost Analysis (TCA)
TCA tracks the quality of your orders' transaction prices versus market conditions either at the time the orders were submitted or after the trade executes.



Tax Optimizer 


Tax Optimizer
Tax Optimizer lets you change your tax lot-matching method to optimize your gains and losses.







 




Additional Resources
Enjoy the freedom and flexibility to run your own business with no contract, minimal start up and overhead costs, and the ability to keep 100% of your fees.





IB Customer Sites

IB Customer Sites provides a complimentary web site with custom graphic design and content. We will work with you to create a customized, professional business web site.
Learn More


White Branding

White brand statements, customer registration and other informational materials with your own organization's identity, including performance reports created by our Portfolio Analyst.
Learn More


Customer Relationship Management (CRM)

Our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system lets you manage your entire customer relationship life cycle in one place at no cost.
Learn More




Trading Desks

IB provides broker-assisted trading through our Stock, Option or Bond desks.
Learn More


Pre-Trade Allocations

Pre-Trade Allocations define a variety of criteria to automatically allocate shares to a single client account or multiple client accounts with a single mouse click.
Learn More


Model Portfolios

Build Model Portfolios and allocate client funds among the different models based on your clients' individual needs.
Learn More








Open an Account
Our Advisor accounts let Professional Registered Investment Advisors (RIAs) and Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) execute and allocate trades among multiple clients from a single order management interface.





 
Start Application
Finish Application
What You Need
Application Instructions
Advisor Registration


Account Information
Advisors who manage client accounts in excess of state registration minimums (generally 16 or more accounts and US $25 million in assets) must be registered under local regulatory law (e.g. Registered Investment Advisors (RIA) for US securities and Commodity Trading Advisors (CTA) for US commodities).
The account can be white branded with the advisor's corporate identity.
 Advisor master account holders must be 21 or older.
Professional Registered Investment Advisors can create multiple tier accounts by adding   Advisor, Proprietary Trading Group STL and Multiple Hedge Fund master   accounts to their account structure. Each Advisor, Proprietary   Trading Group STL and Multiple Hedge Fund master account on the second tier can add   client/sub/hedge fund accounts as required. Individual and Joint account holders under an Advisor account structure can add authorized traders to become STL accounts.
Accounts are accepted from citizens or residents of all countries except citizens or residents of those countries that are prohibited by the US Office of Foreign Assets Control. Click here for a list of available countries.
Documentation
Advisor Getting Started PDF Guide

 How to Become an RIA PDF Guide

 Advisors/Brokers Application Guide

 







Advisor Account Structure
An individual or organization Registered Advisor whose master account is linked to multiple individual or organization client accounts. 

The master account is used for fee collection and trade allocations. 
The advisor can open a single account for his or her own trading.






For information on SIPC coverage on your account, visit www.sipc.org or call SIPC at 1 (202) 371-8300.












Interactive Financial Advisors






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,711  0.39% Opal BalanceIsrael ChemicalsElbit SystemsNICE LtdGil RushinekMichael SalkindAvraham Israeli






World
US















Interactive Financial Advisors

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameInteractive Financial AdvisorsSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 135.7 M Contact Details LocationOakbrook, IllinoisAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.interactivefinancialadvisor.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Interactive-Financial-Advisors and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Interactive Financial Advisors Oakbrook IL 0 Winslow Financial LLC Lake Forest IL 0 Wellspring Capital Advisors  LLC Chicago IL 0 Optimum Investment Advisors  LLC Chicago IL 0 Chicago Growth Partners  LLC Chicago IL 0 Serious Stewardship  LLC Lake Forest IL 0 Sanborn Kilcollin Partners  LLC Chicago IL 0 Greenlight Fee Only Advisors  LLC Evanston IL 0 Alley Company  LLC Lake Forest IL 0 Total Clarity Wealth Management  In St. Charles IL 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Interactive Financial Advisors | Wealthminder











































Interactive Financial Advisors


Interactive Financial Advisors
(CRD# 125117) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Oak Brook, IL.
They
manage $184,531,872 in 3,130 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 24 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Interactive Financial Advisors




Drake Oakbrook Plaza, 2215 York Road, Suite 306,
Oak Brook,
IL
60523
630-472-1300
http://www.swcares.com




http://www.swcares.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

185
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

3,130
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$58,956







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IA, IL, IN, LA, MD, MN, MS, NC, NV, NY, PA, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Interactive Financial Advisors




Showing 1 - 10 of 53 top financial advisors.





1















Joanne M. Woiteshek



CRD#:
2222062



Drake Oakbrook Plaza, 2215 York Road, Suite 306,
Oak Brook,
IL
60523




100

Wealthminder
score







Joanne Woiteshek (CRD# 2222062) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Interactive Financial Advisors in Oak Brook, IL and has over 20 years of experience in the finance industry.





2















Mark A. Bertrang



CRD#:
1760670



1401 Main Street, Suite 101,
Onalaska,
WI
54650




96

Wealthminder
score








Mark Bertrang (CRD# 1760670) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Onalaska, WI and has 
over 28 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Warren O. Curtis



CRD#:
3270560



1414 E. 4500 S., # 3,
Salt Lake City,
UT
84117




96

Wealthminder
score








Warren Curtis (CRD# 3270560) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Salt Lake City, UT and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Warren Curtis has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Jack D. Fain



CRD#:
2812309



119 South Blvd., Suite 1,
Sevierville,
TN
37862




96

Wealthminder
score








Jack Fain (CRD# 2812309) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Sevierville, TN and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Gregory S. Gale



CRD#:
3199858



584 W. Chandler Blvd.,
Chandler,
AZ
85225




96

Wealthminder
score








Gregory Gale (CRD# 3199858) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Chandler, AZ and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Daniel P. Siffermann



CRD#:
3199841



584 W. Chandler Blvd.,
Chandler,
AZ
85225




96

Wealthminder
score








Daniel Siffermann (CRD# 3199841) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Chandler, AZ and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Gary L. Weimer



CRD#:
461691



Lombard,
IL





96

Wealthminder
score








Gary Weimer (CRD# 461691) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Lombard, IL and has 
over 36 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Kenneth W. Ziegler



CRD#:
3199817



585 W. Chandler Blvd.,
Chandler,
AZ
85225




96

Wealthminder
score








Kenneth Ziegler (CRD# 3199817) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Chandler, AZ and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






9















Aaron D. Pugh



CRD#:
6124844



1414 E 4500 South, Suite 3,
Salt Lake City,
UT
84117




95

Wealthminder
score







Aaron Pugh (CRD# 6124844) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Interactive Financial Advisors in Salt Lake City, UT and has over 4 years of experience in the finance industry.





10















Craig C. Alden



CRD#:
3112372



Reston,
VA





93

Wealthminder
score








Craig Alden (CRD# 3112372) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Interactive Financial Advisors in Reston, VA and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.







1
2
3
4
5
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














 



fafinder











































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login










Find a financial advisor








Search by last name







Go



Search by location







Go



Contact us to help find an advisor
1.866.706.8321
1.866.706.8321
9 a.m - 9 p.m. Eastern Monday - Friday




Request Contact


Search on LinkedIn
    
    


Accessing your LinkedIn information will allow us to show you connections you have in common with Merrill Lynch advisors.



 

Hello, John DoeNot you? Log Out
View connected advisors

















Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    ARDSCCJY-EXP-2017-10-28
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































Find the Best Financial Advisors Near You















































 © 2017 WiserAdvisor.com  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Certified Financial Advisor - No Obligation - Free Service








Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




WiserAdvisor is America's oldest and largest independent network of prescreened financial advisors. We make it easy and convenient for consumers to find and connect with prescreened financial advisors in their area.
	* Financial Advisors in our network may be dually registered; advisors, in addition to being registered as an RIA, may also be registered representatives offering securities through broker dealers. . 








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals












as featured on





















Fix the following errors:Hide





































2017 Top 1000 U. S. Financial Advisors Ranked by State - Barron's






















WSJ

WSJ



WSJ Live

WSJ Live



MarketWatch

MarketWatch



Barron's

Barron's
Facebook
Twitter





Product X

Product X









djx


np


f


r&c


pe&vc


wsj


b







Mansion Global

Mansion Global



More


BigCharts


Financial News


Professor Journal


Realtor.com


SmartMoney


Student Journal


Virtual Stock Exchange


WSJ Classifieds


WSJ Classroom


WSJ Wine








SEARCH









	
 
	
			
			
			
					
					
						
							headline
						
						
							
							   goldman
							
												
					
				
					
					
						
							Companies
						
						
							
								
									GOLD
								
								
									Ran
									gold Resources Ltd. ADS
								
								
									U.S.
								
							
												
														
				
			
			
				
					
						View All Search Results »
					
				
			
			
		








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition








Subscribe
Log In






Welcome, 
Customer Center
Logout
Live Help






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center


Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's Next





 
2017 Top Advisor Rankings by State





Here are America's best financial advisors, organized by state. The rankings are based on data provided by over 4,000 of the nation's most productive advisors. Factors included in the rankings: assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of practice and philanthropic work. Investment performance isn't an explicit component because not all advisors have audited results and because performance figures often are influenced more by clients' risk tolerance than by an advisor's investment-picking abilities. A ranking of "N" denotes "not ranked that year".


Top Advisors in each state 
	
Make a Selection
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
D.C.
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming









Alabama: Since the election, the broad markets are up nearly 15%, and Robert Runkle sees more gains ahead. Even as others warn that stocks are now fully...More»
Alabama: Since the election, the broad markets are up nearly 15%, and Robert Runkle sees more gains ahead. Even as others warn that stocks are now fully valued, he sees no signs of a reversal. “We’re probably a little ahead of ourselves. But markets have a tendency to swing too far,” says the 61-year-old managing director at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management in Montgomery. “It’s not unusual for a market to keep going higher and higher when everyone thinks it’s going to sell off.” The 34-year industry veteran says he’s optimistic because companies are reporting stronger earnings and revenue. “I truly believe the fundamentals of the economy are falling into place for better times,” he says. Runkle is telling clients to be on the lookout for wage inflation—a harbinger of even better times to come. While it’s too early to tell whether the economy will reach 4% growth, President Trump’s target, he’s encouraged to see progress. “Bottom line, the economic outlook is very bright,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Alaska: Margaret Price spends a lot of time helping clients “rise above their emotional self” in today’s political environment, and discouraging some from...More»
Alaska: Margaret Price spends a lot of time helping clients “rise above their emotional self” in today’s political environment, and discouraging some from going into cash. Most require only fine-tuning and rebalancing, she says. “They don’t understand why the market is up so sharply, and they worry we’re going back to 2008-09.” Price, 60, is cautious with new money, but she’s taking a close look at large-cap financial and health-care companies, which could benefit if Trump reduces regulations. And she sees opportunities in fixed income, despite Federal Reserve tightening. “It’s easy to say never buy bonds in a rising interest-rate environment, but in 2017 there could be opportunities when the market gets ahead of itself.” Case in point: municipal bonds, which sold off after the election on Trump’s pledge to lower taxes (which would make tax-free bonds relatively less attractive than taxable bonds). But by year end, muni yields were higher than Treasuries and the Standard & Poor’s 500. —Michael Sisk «Less





Arizona: Growing up, David Stahle spent his summers working for his father’s publishing business. At age 16, he wanted to put some of his earnings into a...More»
Arizona: Growing up, David Stahle spent his summers working for his father’s publishing business. At age 16, he wanted to put some of his earnings into a mutual fund, but his dad’s broker wouldn’t give him the time of day. So, his father pulled his account and transferred it to Merrill Lynch, where Stahle has spent his career. He attended college for a year and a half, while interning at Merrill. When he was 20, he took his Series 7 exam over Christmas break and passed with flying colors, prompting his manager to hire him. “He took a risk on me, even though I was young and didn’t have a college degree,” recalls Stahle. Now 49 and based in the firm’s Gilbert office, he still follows the lessons he learned early on—to focus on what’s best for clients and put their interests first. About 10 years ago, a dying client asked him to continue to check on his wife’s financial well-being after he passed—a request Stahle honored. “I don’t just look at them as clients. I look at them as family,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Arkansas: As a young teenager, Allen Homra showed no interest when his dad tried to teach him about investing. In college, however, he took a liking to it and...More»
Arkansas: As a young teenager, Allen Homra showed no interest when his dad tried to teach him about investing. In college, however, he took a liking to it and interned at a bond firm, where most of the sales were done by phone. He decided this wasn’t for him, so he pursued opportunities where he could meet clients face to face. “I was raised in a small town. I’ve always been a person who gets along with people,” says Homra, 53, who’s been at Edward Jones since 1987. Based in Stuttgart, Ark., the financial advisor still owns the blue-chip stocks he inherited from his grandfather in the 1970s, and he believes in taking a long-term approach for his clients as well. “Most of my clients have the same philosophies that I have,” he says. He tries to keep things simple—shying away from complicated investment products that many people would find hard to understand. “I know that we make a difference in our clients’ lives. That’s very important,” he adds. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





California: Andy Chase, a former U.S. Tennis Association junior champion, has won in the investment arena, too, with a simple formula. “I’m into risk-adjusted...More»
California: Andy Chase, a former U.S. Tennis Association junior champion, has won in the investment arena, too, with a simple formula. “I’m into risk-adjusted returns, and I like cash flow,” he says. Hired by Smith Barney in 1981, Chase set up shop in Silicon Valley to remain near his alma mater, Stanford. “At the time, [the area] was a backwater,” he says. “But soon, venture capital firms would flood in.” Chase, 57, now works for Morgan Stanley, at its Menlo Park office. He likes health care, which has been beaten up. “It’s very rare that you get to buy what I think is going to be the fastest-growing industry, with a big global tail wind [from] aging and demographics,” he says. “And you’re buying one of the cheaper sectors, other than utilities.” But he’s skeptical of “America first” themes like defense, infrastructure, and energy. “Anyone that makes their investment decisions based on what the government might or might not do is making a mistake,” he warns. —Steve Garmhausen «Less





Colorado: Clients wonder about the effect that Donald Trump’s trade and tax-reform policies will have on the market, says Shawn Fowler, managing director in...More»
Colorado: Clients wonder about the effect that Donald Trump’s trade and tax-reform policies will have on the market, says Shawn Fowler, managing director in Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management’s Denver office. “We are humble enough to say we don’t know,” he tells them, and then asks, “What are your goals, what have we built for you, and are we on track to achieve those goals?” Fowler, 46, says his investment strategy has three anchors: dividend-growth stocks, high-quality municipal bonds, and real estate (split 50-50 between REIT index funds and private-equity realty funds). These all generate enough cash to ensure that each client’s “standard of living is defensible.” This approach has earned him loyalty, which he returns. His first clients were a couple he cold-called. Recently, when the husband died, Fowler traveled to Arkansas to help the wife clean out her house and prepare for her next chapter. Why? Because “they gave me a chance 27 years ago.” --Michael Sisk «Less





Connecticut: Jeff Erdmann prides himself on serving multiple-generation households—often with $40 million or more to invest. “Our clients consider me and my team...More»
Connecticut: Jeff Erdmann prides himself on serving multiple-generation households—often with $40 million or more to invest. “Our clients consider me and my team a crucial member of their family, as we help satisfy their planning and investment needs,” he says. Erdmann started with Merrill Lynch in 1984 as a retail broker. But he quickly shifted away from a transactional approach after realizing that clients preferred holistic advice. Now 54, Erdmann is trying to help clients process the flood of news from Washington. He thinks that tax cuts and repatriation of overseas corporate cash will materialize. “However,” he observes, “a lot of that is already priced into the market.” Based in Merrill’s Greenwich office, he sees a good chance for low- to mid-single-digit stock market returns this year. But that will depend on the Trump team’s effectiveness in implementing its financial agenda. Says Erdmann: “We’ll have a much clearer picture in the next three to four months as to how well this administration can execute.” —Steve Garmhausen «Less





D.C.: It’s not often you get a relief rally when the markets have been up for most of eight years, but that’s what Marvin McIntyre thinks happened after...More»
D.C.: It’s not often you get a relief rally when the markets have been up for most of eight years, but that’s what Marvin McIntyre thinks happened after Donald Trump was elected. “The very idea of less regulation and more growth was powerful,” says the Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management advisor, who considers the Trump presidency a positive for stocks. However, some of his clients are less focused on the market than they are on estate planning and quality of life. McIntyre recently did a financial review for a client who looked 10 years older than he is. The client, it turned out, was fighting with his business partner. McIntyre, 74, asked what he’d do if he could walk away. When the man said he’d love to teach, McIntyre said: “We’ve just gone over the numbers and you could turn the faucet on here and live comfortably for the rest of your life.” Two weeks later, the client thanked him. His partner had agreed to buy him out, and he planned to teach in the fall. —Michael Sisk «Less





Delaware: Perhaps the best bit of early career advice that Kimberlee Orth received came from her future husband. She was in her early 20s and unsatisfied...More»
Delaware: Perhaps the best bit of early career advice that Kimberlee Orth received came from her future husband. She was in her early 20s and unsatisfied working in a hospital’s budgeting and reimbursement unit. “Why don’t you get into financial planning?” he suggested. “That’s really where the future is.” Once she became a certified financial planner, she loved her new career. Orth, 53, an Ameriprise advisor in Wilmington, focuses on making sure clients have realistic retirement expectations. “Look at the budget, create a bucket list, and dig deeper to understand what you spend now and how much of that spending is likely to continue,” she advises. She wants both spouses to attend face-to-face meetings with her, even though one usually takes the lead and is her main contact. “It’s good for that other spouse to see the kinds of questions asked, and the kinds of answers I give.” It gives that individual confidence, Orth adds, should the day come when he or she must be the lead spouse in financial discussions. —Michael Sisk «Less





Florida: Thomas Moran says the U.S. economy is on good footings and that he expects solid earnings this year. “The chance of recession is well below average,”...More»
Florida: Thomas Moran says the U.S. economy is on good footings and that he expects solid earnings this year. “The chance of recession is well below average,” observes Moran, who works for Wells Fargo Advisors in Naples. That’s particularly good news for small- and mid-cap companies that make most of their profits domestically, he adds, noting that the stronger dollar will create head winds for large U.S. corporations with significant overseas operations. Moran, 60, tends to focus on high-dividend stocks for income. For more adventurous clients, he uses exchange-traded funds that invest in alternative assets, such as timber, water, currencies, or precious metals. He eschews anything with an exit fee or mandatory holding period because his clients generally “are in the distribution phase of their life, and it gives them peace of mind that the money is accessible.” Moran  and his wife, Sandi, have co-chaired the Naples Winter Wine Festival, which has raised over $160 million for children’s charities over the past 16 years. —Michael Sisk «Less





Georgia: The daughter of one of Rod Westmoreland’s clients recently gave $1,500 to a friend to buy a dog because, she told her parents, “We have so much money...More»
Georgia: The daughter of one of Rod Westmoreland’s clients recently gave $1,500 to a friend to buy a dog because, she told her parents, “We have so much money it doesn’t matter.” Another client told him that she was divorcing her husband of 40-plus years. In the first instance, Westmoreland set up a series of family meetings; in the second, he suggested a cooling-off period. Such “soft issues” come with the territory when you work closely with clients. Of course, Westmoreland, 64, a managing director at the Merrill Lynch Private Banking and Investment Group in Atlanta, also keeps a close eye on returns. His goal is to achieve inflation, plus 5%—not easy in today’s low-interest-rate environment. In 2009, he had about 50% invested in bonds; today, it’s virtually zero. Instead, he emphasizes U.S. stocks and private equity. He’s bullish on corporate profits, given possible cuts in taxes and regulations. He also likes some European companies with global operations and undervalued shares. —Michael Sisk «Less





Hawaii: Eric Fujimoto was going into accounting until he realized that those college classes started at 8 a.m.—so he opted for noon classes that led him to...More»
Hawaii: Eric Fujimoto was going into accounting until he realized that those college classes started at 8 a.m.—so he opted for noon classes that led him to becoming a financial advisor at age 22. Now, he rises at 4 a.m. to be ready when the New York markets open. “Kind of ironic,” he admits. Fujimoto, 44, who works for Ameriprise Financial in Honolulu, likes simple, liquid investments that clients can understand, such as mid-cap, large-cap, growth, or value stocks, and bonds suited to their risk tolerance. Currently, health care and tech are among the sectors he favors. He has clients both in Hawaii and on the mainland. One difference: In the continental U.S., families often are spread over thousands of miles, but in Hawaii, many multigenerational families live “within a stone’s throw” of one another. That fosters the so-called Ohana spirit of close contact with one’s neighbors. Fujimoto is part of four generations on the island, which connects him to his clients and helps him build relationships with them. —Michael Sisk «Less





Idaho: When Sandra Dalton left accounting and moved back to Boise to become a financial advisor, she had some sibling inspiration. “My sister was a...More»
Idaho: When Sandra Dalton left accounting and moved back to Boise to become a financial advisor, she had some sibling inspiration. “My sister was a financial advisor, and she was having a lot more fun,” Dalton says, chuckling. Today, she’s also having fun, and is upbeat on the economy, earnings, and stocks based on anticipated tax and regulatory reforms under Trump, plus possible repatriation of overseas dollars that could boost dividends, stock buybacks, and acquisitions. “We think clients can still buy and do well over a long period,” she says. Dalton, 59, likes financials (fewer regulations and rising interest rates), energy (reduced regulations), and technology (repatriation). As for concerns that the bull started back in March 2009, she says, “Bull markets do not die of old age.” Because rates are low, investors will still find decent returns only in equities. “We’re just beginning to see big flows of money out of fixed income into equities,” she says. “We think that reversal will go on for an extended period of time.” —Michael Sisk «Less





Illinois: Steven Hefter says clients are worried about Trump and stocks’ recent run-up. Should they sell now? If so, how much? But he views their fear as a...More»
Illinois: Steven Hefter says clients are worried about Trump and stocks’ recent run-up. Should they sell now? If so, how much? But he views their fear as a sign that stocks still have room to run. “Bull markets don’t usually end until there’s a sense of euphoria in the market—until everyone’s talking about the stocks they own.” Potential tax cuts, deregulation, repatriation of foreign cash, and fiscal stimulus could boost annual gross-domestic-product growth to 3% or higher, he argues, encouraging those still on the sidelines to jump in. “I believe there’s more to go,” and perhaps “much more to go in this so-called Trump rally.” Hefter, 62, who works for Wells Fargo Advisors in Highland Park, likes growth-oriented stocks and cyclicals. On the fixed-income side, he has moved into adjustable bonds and adjustable-rate preferred stocks. Yet he has to think about what he’d do if his bullishness is misplaced. One client has requested a plan on how to bail out quickly without triggering huge capital gains. Fear still reigns. —Michael Sisk «Less





Indiana: When William Craig Dobbs graduated from Ball State University in the 1980s, he wanted to be a lawyer but couldn’t afford to. So he went to Wall...More»
Indiana: When William Craig Dobbs graduated from Ball State University in the 1980s, he wanted to be a lawyer but couldn’t afford to. So he went to Wall Street, made a name for himself on Merrill Lynch’s institutional consulting team. Nearly 30 years later, as a top financial advisor for Morgan Stanley’s Graystone Consulting affiliate, he runs the $22 billion Dobbs Group in Indianapolis, advising retirement plans, endowments, and foundations. His 104 clients’ accounts average $150 million, and he has a 97% retention rate. Dobbs, 52, invests in equities, bonds, private equity, commodities, and other assets. He’s ultraselective when choosing active managers. “We’ll always have the bulk of our assets in indexes,” he says. Today, he sees opportunities in international small-cap value stocks, private equity, and real estate, plus high-yield and convertible bonds. His approach is to “get in early and get out early, but still secure the meat of the return.” —Kevin Burke «Less





Iowa: Kevin Timmerman, 48, is a “meat and potatoes” investor. “We stay away from alternative investments and indexed annuities,” he says. “We just don’t...More»
Iowa: Kevin Timmerman, 48, is a “meat and potatoes” investor. “We stay away from alternative investments and indexed annuities,” he says. “We just don’t see the value for investors.” Instead, he mostly uses passive investments, including index funds. In stocks, he has been adding overseas exposure while taking profits in the U.S. On the fixed-income side, with interest rates rising, he’s using funds run by bond pros, such as DoubleLine Capital’s Jeffrey Gundlach. Timmerman’s clear, sound approach reflects his roots growing up on a Midwestern-values farm. One summer, he worked for a meatpacking plant slaughtering hogs—a “scary” experience that drove him to do well in school. In 1996, he co-founded Steele Capital Management in Dubuque, using fee-only pricing to avoid conflicts of interest. It now has $1.7 billion in assets in more than 1,100 accounts, ranging up to $5 million. Amid today’s uncertainty, “everybody’s on edge,” he says. “I try to bring them back to their goals and objectives.” —Kevin Burke «Less





Kansas: Scott Ferguson’s love of math led him to become a civil engineer. But that job, he found, mostly entailed pushing paper. Hoping to combine math with...More»
Kansas: Scott Ferguson’s love of math led him to become a civil engineer. But that job, he found, mostly entailed pushing paper. Hoping to combine math with human engagement by providing financial advice, he joined Merrill Lynch in 1983, where he built a large book of business. Today, at 56, he works for Morgan Stanley in Leawood. He runs six core strategies across 14 portfolios for 1,500 clients with up to $20 million in assets; his average account is $5 million. He employs math-based strategies, but notes that “people can make better decisions than a black box.” He invests in individual stocks, bonds, and mutual funds, and, sometimes, ETFs. In alternatives, he uses single-manager hedge funds, long/short mutual funds, and private equity. Struck by the markets’ optimism—born of hope for corporate-tax cuts, higher earnings, and fiscal stimulus—he sees Dow 27,000 arriving in three years. Now, he’s overweight financial and tech stocks, and underweight energy shares. In fixed income, he favors high-yield bonds. —Kevin Burke «Less





Kentucky: Barry Barlow learned about the challenges business owners face after leaving Merrill Lynch in 1983 to run his family’s struggling lumber mill, which...More»
Kentucky: Barry Barlow learned about the challenges business owners face after leaving Merrill Lynch in 1983 to run his family’s struggling lumber mill, which he was forced to liquidate three years later. In 2000, after working at Hilliard Lyons, he returned to Merrill. Based at its Louisville branch, he helps wealthy families solve complex financial problems. For example, he saved $1 million in tax liabilities for a terminally ill client with $3 million invested in a $100 stock within a trust for his children. Barlow, 61, likes stocks of beaten-up companies with strong organic earnings growth and shareholder-friendly policies—such as paying a steady dividend. “We want to buy a dollar for 65 cents,” he says. Right now, he’s finding buys in health care and media, while avoiding consumer staples and industrials. With rates edging up, he’s using a short-term bond ladder positioned to reinvest at higher rates. And he keeps three years of clients’ current income in a cash reserve. Says Barlow: “We’re in the high-sleep-quotient business.” —Kevin Burke «Less





Louisiana: Rick Frayard, 64, stresses careful attention to detail in his role as a managing director at UBS Wealth Management. It’s a skill he picked up during...More»
Louisiana: Rick Frayard, 64, stresses careful attention to detail in his role as a managing director at UBS Wealth Management. It’s a skill he picked up during a stint as an Army helicopter pilot. “If you don’t pay attention to detail when you inspect your aircraft, something may be missing or broken and cause the aircraft to crash,” he says. “In investment management, if you don’t pay attention to what’s going on, you’ll be surprised and not prepared,” he says. Frayard, who joined UBS in 1985, cites the recent rise in the Standard & Poor’s 500 as potential evidence that U.S. markets are entering a structural bull market. He has a positive market outlook for the next five to eight years; in the past few structural bull market cycles, he says, investors reaped returns of 14% to 16%. “With the stock market at an all-time high, and a new administration ushering in the possibility of tax cuts and deregulation, there’s greater potential for earnings growth and a continuation of the bull market,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Maine: While studying at Brown University, Todd Doolan spent his summers as an intern at Morgan Stanley, cold-calling investors. Eventually, he became an...More»
Maine: While studying at Brown University, Todd Doolan spent his summers as an intern at Morgan Stanley, cold-calling investors. Eventually, he became an institutional equity trader at Lehman Brothers. In 1989, he moved from New York and started his own advisory practice in Portland. Today, at 53, he helps successful professionals—mostly doctors and small-business owners—achieve a comfortable retirement. His core message? Remove emotion from the investment process. In client portfolios, he uses individual stocks, bond ladders, actively managed mutual funds, ETFs, hedge funds of funds, and private equity. He favors blue-chip stocks and tech ETFs. Right now, he likes health-care stocks, which he believes offer good value. He’s also finding some attractive opportunities abroad, particularly in Europe. “Their valuations and dividends look very compelling,” he says. In fixed income, he favors munis in states with high income taxes, as well as shorter-duration bonds: “We can now get yield on short money.” ��Kevin Burke «Less





Maryland: When Bob Scherer, 65, was a tax consultant with Arthur Andersen, he received only a small bonus after saving a quarter-billion dollars for a...More»
Maryland: When Bob Scherer, 65, was a tax consultant with Arthur Andersen, he received only a small bonus after saving a quarter-billion dollars for a corporate client. Disappointed, he decided to become a financial advisor. Nearly 40 years later, he manages $8 billion in assets at Morgan Stanley’s Graystone Consulting in Potomac. His clients include endowments, foundations, retirement plans, and wealthy individuals. Diversification is his core investment philosophy. The key to client retention? His ability to distill complexity and build relationships rooted in what he calls “intellectual trust.” During periods of market stress, bonds have provided downside protection, but, he says, bonds aren’t “the great diversifier anymore.” For broad stock market exposure, he uses passive investments. In fixed income, he favors emerging market debt, short-duration bonds, and select high-yield bonds. He also invests across several hedge funds, with strategies including global macro, long/short, event-driven, and relative value. —Kevin Burke «Less





Massachusetts: Rising interest rates make Greg Miller’s job much easier. He focuses almost exclusively on convertible bonds—one of the few fixed-income products...More»
Massachusetts: Rising interest rates make Greg Miller’s job much easier. He focuses almost exclusively on convertible bonds—one of the few fixed-income products that does well when rates tick up. “They’re very timely right now,” says Miller, 67, CEO and co-chief investment officer at Wellesley Asset Management. “Properly invested, we believe they can do better than stocks and bonds—with a lot less volatility,” he says. Miller discovered convertibles after selling his radiology company in the 1980s. At the time, he sought out an investment that would offer security as well as the potential to outperform equities. He was wary of stocks because his grandfather’s wealth had been wiped out in 1929, and his father’s portfolio took a devastating hit in the mid-1970s. Miller eventually turned his investment prowess into a profession. And now, with the Federal Reserve signaling more interest-rate hikes, Miller predicts that more and more investors will see the value in convertibles. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Michigan: Charles Zhang holds a third-degree black belt in tae kwon do, a sport he says keeps him both calm and disciplined—the ideal temperament for a...More»
Michigan: Charles Zhang holds a third-degree black belt in tae kwon do, a sport he says keeps him both calm and disciplined—the ideal temperament for a long-term investor. After becoming American Express’s top advisor in the early 1990s, he founded Zhang Financial, an independent fee-only wealth manager in Portage. He and his wife, Lynn, his business partner, serve about 1,000 clients, each with at least $500,000 in investible assets. He often helps clients with second mortgages, vacation-home purchases, and other matters. “We reward loyalty,” he says. Zhang, 49, favors low-cost ETFs and index funds, and avoids hedge funds—whose fees he considers excessive—as well as margin accounts, because he never wants to be a forced seller. He preaches tax-loss harvesting and periodic rebalancing, noting, “We try to take profits off the table after a strong run.” Right now, he likes financials, health care, global real estate, and emerging markets. He’s wary on fixed income, favoring shorter-duration bonds. —Kevin Burke «Less





Minnesota: Peter Eckerline was once turned down for a Wall Street job because he lacked sales experience. He then tried selling peepholes door to door, but “had...More»
Minnesota: Peter Eckerline was once turned down for a Wall Street job because he lacked sales experience. He then tried selling peepholes door to door, but “had a lot of doors slammed in my face.” Soon after, he landed a job at Merrill Lynch, where he remains. Eckerline, 56, serves 232 clients, with net worth of $5 million to $20 million. One client needed financing to save his chain of Chrysler dealerships. “We helped to refi the whole dealership though Bank of America’s auto-lending group,” he says. Eckerline buys out-of-favor stocks, particularly high-quality dividend payers. Currently, he likes financials, health care, and tech. In fixed income, he favors high-yield, floating-rate, and municipal bonds, and he’s using short-duration bond funds to defend against rising rates. He views emerging markets as cheap and allocates roughly 20% of client assets to alternatives, including private equity. His clients worry about a correction, but also about preserving wealth for their heirs, he says: “We help them live the lives they want to live.” —Kevin Burke «Less





Mississippi: Michael Dowell, 66, typically meets with prospective clients three to five times before investing a penny on their behalf. “It takes time to learn a...More»
Mississippi: Michael Dowell, 66, typically meets with prospective clients three to five times before investing a penny on their behalf. “It takes time to learn a client’s thumbprint. We like to dig into the weeds and find out everything about clients that could affect their financial life,” says Dowell, who has been in the business for over 40 years. “We want to know what we’re doing is the right thing for you.” Dowell says this strategy helps ensure that nothing important goes unnoticed. “We’ve opened up some significant accounts that had never seen an approach like this before,” he says. “We overturn a lot of rocks.” A few years ago, someone called wanting to invest $400,000 in municipal bonds to reduce a high tax bill. Dowell met with him several times and helped him work out a more appropriate strategy. The man became a client and brought with him a portfolio worth roughly $3 million. “It was a win for us and a win for him,” Dowell says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Missouri: Michael Jefferies of UBS Financial Services advises every client to have a plan. “I sit down with them and say, ‘What is your intent for your...More»
Missouri: Michael Jefferies of UBS Financial Services advises every client to have a plan. “I sit down with them and say, ‘What is your intent for your wealth?’ ” Jefferies, who has spent 40-plus years with UBS, stresses the importance of grasping clients’ specific goals and needs. For some, it’s leaving money to their children. For others, it’s sending their kids to the best colleges. “I refer to myself as a life consultant because I work with people’s lives. I try to help people solve problems,” he says. “I want to help them reach whatever goal they have, or solve whatever problem they’re trying to solve.” Jefferies wants to help clients hit their financial goals, diversify their holdings, and understand their risks. “I can help people achieve their goals financially,” he says, “because I keep them from taking too much risk.” Whether he’s working with baby boomers, Gen Xers, or millennials, his clients have different needs. “They all face different problems, and I want to help them solve those problems.” —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less









Montana: James Stack sticks to the motto “Safety first.” In the 1970s, he was a research-and-development engineer for IBM and had the humbling and defining...More»
Montana: James Stack sticks to the motto “Safety first.” In the 1970s, he was a research-and-development engineer for IBM and had the humbling and defining experience of losing a large chunk of money during 1973 and 1974. Then, in 1979, he left IBM to start the financial-research firm InvesTech, and for many years the firm’s main focus was a monthly newsletter that provided investment-strategy advice. By the mid-90s, however, the tech bubble was heating up and many readers were looking for a risk-averse money manager. He founded Stack Financial Management, a sister company to InvesTech, to meet this growing need. Now 65, Stack’s primary focus is on managing risk, not necessarily obtaining peak performance. Given that we are in the midst of the second-longest bull market in Wall Street history, he urges caution. Stack notes that today’s valuations are very high, and he tries to minimize risk for clients. “We’re steering a more cautious course with our sector selection and the type of stocks we pick,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Nebraska: Ron Carson loves demanding, inquisitive clients. “It’s time for investors to stand up and ask tough questions of their financial advisors,” he says....More»
Nebraska: Ron Carson loves demanding, inquisitive clients. “It’s time for investors to stand up and ask tough questions of their financial advisors,” he says. An independent advisor, Carson, 52, has long championed a fiduciary standard of client care, where transparency is embraced and conflicts of interest avoided. That has helped him build a $7.8 billion asset firm run by a team of 171. Carson’s career started three decades ago, when he sold life insurance while a student at the University of Nebraska. Today, many of his  1,581 clients are anxious about the rhetoric coming from Washington. “This is the most unsettled they’ve been in a long time,” he says. One of the firm’s most popular strategies is buying and selling covered calls. The goal, he says, is to “capture 60% to 70% of the [market’s] upside and limit the downside.” When not running the firm, Carson focuses on charitable work, including a foundation set up with his wife, Jeanie, to fulfill end-of-life wishes for impoverished seniors with terminal illnesses. —Steve Garmhausen «Less





Nevada: Randy Garcia, CEO of The Investment Counsel Co., will take a stand, even when it bucks conventional wisdom or clients’ preconceived notions. “We’re...More»
Nevada: Randy Garcia, CEO of The Investment Counsel Co., will take a stand, even when it bucks conventional wisdom or clients’ preconceived notions. “We’re willing to challenge clients to make the best-informed decisions,” he says. At 63, Garcia is no stranger to applying his own analysis to a situation. “If it passes our test and we can create a sound, fundamental reason to support it, we will. But we’re going to cast a more critical eye than our peers.” Garcia isn’t afraid to take an unpopular stance. In 2009, when others were hedge fund crazy, his firm exited—a prudent call. Today, it urges clients to hold high-quality fixed income, even though some have had their confidence shaken by media hype over rising rates. “Fixed income is like insurance. We believe there’s a place for high-quality fixed income,” he says. “Our clients are paying us for advice, and advice equals guidance, perspective, and judgment. It’s not simply about accessing an investment product. That’s mostly a commodity.” —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





New Hampshire: In the early 1980s, John Habig and some buddies would watch Wall Street Week with Louis Rukeyser on Friday nights. Then, in 1985, Habig got a job at...More»
New Hampshire: In the early 1980s, John Habig and some buddies would watch Wall Street Week with Louis Rukeyser on Friday nights. Then, in 1985, Habig got a job at E.F. Hutton, the brokerage famed for its slogan “When E.F. Hutton talks, people listen.” Because Habig’s license plate read EFHUTT, drivers seeing it would cup their hands to their ears. These days, Habig, now 64, works for Morgan Stanley Wealth Management in Portsmouth, but still enjoys interacting with people. He favors financial, industrial, and materials stocks, but is cautious on buying shares that have run up a lot.  He has increased his international-stock allocation to 15% from 5% a year ago. And he favors Treasuries and munis over corporate bonds, whose returns, he says, can be beaten by owning the same company’s dividend-paying stock. An outdoorsman, Habig traps about 100 lobsters off his dock each year, and often phones pals to say, “Hey, I’ve got too many lobsters and not enough beers; come on over.” —Charles Keenan «Less





New Jersey: The approach that Gary Tantleff of UBS Financial Services takes with clients is like the approach he takes to parenting his four sons. For the...More»
New Jersey: The approach that Gary Tantleff of UBS Financial Services takes with clients is like the approach he takes to parenting his four sons. For the 30-year industry veteran, it’s about nurturing long-lasting relationships. “I always try to do the right thing for people,” he says, “I think that’s been a big part of our success.” Tantleff, 52, focuses on fixed income and works with sophisticated investors such as CEOs of banks and credit unions and heads of school districts. They are more familiar with economics than most, but he still takes the time to explain his thinking. He’s currently advising clients to expect interest-rate hikes, and changes in regulatory and fiscal policies under Trump. Tantleff frequently calls clients to share nuggets of information or insights. “I think when you do the right thing by people, you’re rewarded with their trust, which is helping to grow the business,” he says. He believes client relationships strengthen over time. “I can’t stress enough that it’s something you build over 10, 20, 30 years,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





New Mexico: A scratch golfer, Charles Reardon says that about one stroke per round separates the best from the rest: “That one putt, that one shot, is the...More»
New Mexico: A scratch golfer, Charles Reardon says that about one stroke per round separates the best from the rest: “That one putt, that one shot, is the difference between making it big and not making it at all,” says the former New Mexico high school champion. Success in financial advising also requires consistency, he observes. His Morgan Stanley Wealth Management clients in Albuquerque these days fear that the market has gone up too quickly. “Everyone is waiting for the next shoe to drop.” But, he notes, “big market declines happen when everyone thinks the market is going to go straight up, and optimism is very high.” Reardon, 57, likes steady, dividend-paying businesses. “We would much rather generate income through dividends and good, solid companies that raise their dividends each year and provide a little better inflation hedge.” He’s also a believer in international stocks, and plans to boost them to 25% of his equity holdings, up from 20%. In his view, they’re likely to catch up with U.S. valuations. —Charles Keenan «Less





New York: Lyon Polk, 54, likes to say that nobody gets wealthy with the goal of running a family office—and that helps to explain his success. He and his team...More»
New York: Lyon Polk, 54, likes to say that nobody gets wealthy with the goal of running a family office—and that helps to explain his success. He and his team make sure wealthy families’ financial planning, investments, personal banking, lending, and family advisory services are handled with a minimum of fuss. Clients “care about life running smoothly, their kids not getting messed up, and being able to pursue their passions without running a whole organization,” he says. Polk’s group within Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management has notched annual growth of over 20% for eight years running. He focuses on investment management, portfolio construction, and alternative investments. These days, he’s telling clients that active managers have historically done better in a rising-rate environment. He’s looking for muted market returns this year—between 6% and 8%.“Everyone’s expectation for different asset classes is pretty low compared to historical standards,” he says. —Steve Garmhausen «Less





North Carolina: William Oliver, 49, thinks that clients should be able to sleep at night without worrying about their portfolios. People won’t stay invested in the...More»
North Carolina: William Oliver, 49, thinks that clients should be able to sleep at night without worrying about their portfolios. People won’t stay invested in the market if they are afraid of the downside, but jumping ship limits their long-term savings potential. That’s why Oliver aims to manage risk so that normal volatility doesn’t send clients into tailspins. “We help them make sure they aren’t exposed to undue risk,” he says. Every client has a different threshold for downside risk, and Oliver uses their risk appetites, savings goals, and investment needs to create individualized investment targets. “We get clients to understand that having the returns of the stock market shouldn’t be their goal,” he says. “We create a custom benchmark for clients.” Oliver believes that a client who clocked gains of 8% in 2016 by taking 40% less risk than the market had a well-positioned portfolio, even though the S&P 500 returned 12%. “It’s about getting responsible growth while managing risk,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





North Dakota: Charitable giving is a major part of Troy Nelson’s life—so much so that he routinely urges clients to make it a priority in their investment plans....More»
North Dakota: Charitable giving is a major part of Troy Nelson’s life—so much so that he routinely urges clients to make it a priority in their investment plans. “Charitable work gives me perspective on the blessings I’ve had and have, and it refocuses me on what’s important in life,” he says. Last year, Nelson, 42, embarked on his third mission trip to the Dominican Republic. The highlight: raising $50,000 to build a cafeteria to feed hundreds of children. He and four colleagues solicited donations in exchange for hiking 33 miles and over 10,000 vertical feet to the top of Pico Duarte in one day—a trek that normally takes three. Nelson regularly discusses how clients can give back to the community in ways they may not have considered. Recently, he showed a childless couple how much they could save in income and estate taxes through charitable donations, while significantly benefiting the local community. They then incorporated charitable giving into their estate plan. “There’s something special about giving back to others,” Nelson says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Ohio: Valerie Newell’s disciplined investing approach owes much to her background as an All-American swimmer at Bowling Green State University. “My old...More»
Ohio: Valerie Newell’s disciplined investing approach owes much to her background as an All-American swimmer at Bowling Green State University. “My old swim coach used to tell us, ‘Don’t look back, you’re not going that way,’ ” she says. “We tell clients, when you sell a stock, don’t look back.” Now,  Newell, 64, is coaching clients through their hopes and fears of a new president. She and her team tell them to stay focused on market and economic fundamentals. “That’s what drives markets in the long term,” she says. “But it’s important to consider there might be increased volatility in this market.” She prides herself on succeeding in a male-dominated field. “[Women advisors] should understand their skills are extremely valuable to clients, and don’t let other people discount them,” she says. Newell likes fixed-to-floating-rate preferred stock as a hedge against rising rates. And despite the recent re-emergence of value stocks, she urges investors not to write off health care and tech. —Steve Garmhausen «Less





Oklahoma: Childhood dinner conversations piqued Steve Jelley’s appetite for a financial-advisory career. “Growing up, having a business professor for a father,...More»
Oklahoma: Childhood dinner conversations piqued Steve Jelley’s appetite for a financial-advisory career. “Growing up, having a business professor for a father, most of our dinner conversations revolved around world-finance topics,” says Jelley, 52. “We really enjoyed talking about stocks and bonds and the direction of those markets.” His father encouraged him to get a degree in accounting, where jobs were plentiful. After graduating from college and spending three years in public accounting, Jelley joined Merrill Lynch in 1990. “I��m still one of the few people I know who love coming to work every single day,” he says. “The markets are never static.” Of course, shifting markets can be a challenge, especially when clients resist rethinking portfolios that worked well in the past. Jelley believes the economy is moving toward an inflationary environment. His advice: Today’s champions won’t necessarily be tomorrow’s. “When change occurs in the market, sometimes you need to take gains and reinvest elsewhere,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Oregon: Judith McGee, CEO of McGee Wealth Management, says financial planning resembles engineering: It takes analysis and discipline to help clients meet...More»
Oregon: Judith McGee, CEO of McGee Wealth Management, says financial planning resembles engineering: It takes analysis and discipline to help clients meet objectives. “It’s very hard for people to detach from what’s motivating them,” she says. “You have to address the fear, but you have to try to guide clients toward realistic data and outcomes.” In 1979, McGee became one of the first women in the Western U.S. to get her certified financial planner designation. In  2015, she helped found the Women’s Leadership Alliance to attract more female advisors to the field. McGee, now 74, previously held administrative roles with engineering and manufacturing companies and learned about small business, financial statements, cash flows, and the importance of an analytical approach. “You can do really well on the investment side, but if your client is pulling too much cash from the portfolio, he won’t make it. You have to have the discipline of financial planning with the art of money management. They are twins,” she says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Pennsylvania: Grant Rawdin, founder and CEO of Wescott Financial Advisory Group, started working after college as an accountant with law firm Duane Morris, while...More»
Pennsylvania: Grant Rawdin, founder and CEO of Wescott Financial Advisory Group, started working after college as an accountant with law firm Duane Morris, while attending law school at night. He became an attorney in the firm’s tax, business, and estate practice, then set up a financial-advisory practice within the firm as a complementary service to clients. Several years later, Rawdin launched his financial-advisory practice. As an advisor, he believes it is important for him to take an active role in professional and community organizations. Now, 57, he’s a member of the CFP Board Center for Financial Planning’s Advisory Council and chair of the Philadelphia region’s Urban Affairs Coalition. He thinks that clients should also take an expansive approach when investing. He counsels them to diversify, be opportunistic, and look beyond what they’re normally accustomed to. “The more you see the world, the more you realize there are lots of moving parts and opportunities,” he says. —Cheryl Winokur Munk «Less





Rhode Island: One of Malcolm Makin’s early prospects, referred by her sister, called him in 1978 to open an IRA. But it was April 15, the deadline to claim the tax...More»
Rhode Island: One of Malcolm Makin’s early prospects, referred by her sister, called him in 1978 to open an IRA. But it was April 15, the deadline to claim the tax deduction for the previous year, and she and her husband lived in New Jersey. Makin’s solution was to charter a plane in Westerly, R.I., where his Raymond James office is, and fly to the Garden State to complete the paperwork. The couple became long-term clients. Such hustle has helped Makin, now 72, amass $1.1 billion in assets under management, and made him the No. 1 advisor in Rhode Island every year since our survey began in 2009. He’s roughly 60% in stocks; last year, he replaced some S&P 500 issues with small-cap value shares, which have done well. He likes companies that could benefit from higher infrastructure spending, is a fan of real estate, and is boosting his allocation to European markets. His key advice: Don’t forget the basics; look for well-run companies with good assets and good cash flow. —Charles Keenan «Less





South Carolina: After Cheryl Holland earned her certified financial planner designation in 1991, she created plans for $25 an hour, and even bartered with some...More»
South Carolina: After Cheryl Holland earned her certified financial planner designation in 1991, she created plans for $25 an hour, and even bartered with some clients. Artists gave her paintings, and an auto-shop owner repainted and reupholstered her MG. Today, her Columbia-based Abacus Planning Group has more than 25 employees. To keep morale high, Holland, 58, and her staff participate in a surprise 10-minute “pop up” meeting every month. Once, it was a water-balloon fight in the parking lot; another time, a ukulele concert by a guy in pink tights. But when it comes to clients’ money, she’s all business. Currently, her equity allocation is 40% international, and she likes alternative investments, such as energy and real estate. She generally prefers mutual and exchange-traded funds over individual stocks. Among her aims: minimizing taxes, keeping fees “hyperlow,” and optimally timing gifts. Says Holland: “We’re big on picking up nickels and dimes for wealth creation.” —Charles Keenan «Less





South Dakota: Todd Nelson used to open new stores for the Wendy’s hamburger chain. In 1982, in Las Vegas, Dave Thomas—Wendy’s legendary CEO—told him to start a...More»
South Dakota: Todd Nelson used to open new stores for the Wendy’s hamburger chain. In 1982, in Las Vegas, Dave Thomas—Wendy’s legendary CEO—told him to start a Merrill Lynch account and buy good-quality investments. Nelson found that he liked the investment world, and in 1989, he applied to become a Merrill Lynch advisor. Early on, he drew clients from business contacts, referrals, and talks at service clubs. Most were cut out of the Dave Thomas mold: “They had an idea or concept. Over time, they became successful through perseverance.” Same for Nelson, now 61, who oversees $1.2 billion in assets in his Sioux Falls office. “Longevity is usually a plus in this business,” he says. “People don’t trust you right away.” The advisor, who likes high-dividend S&P 500 stocks and conservative bonds, such as municipals, relies on money managers to select individual investments. “Whether it’s Wendy’s or Merrill Lynch, or the clients we deal with, there are a lot of common denominators,” he says. —Charles Keenan «Less





Tennessee: After graduating from college, Tim Roberson applied for a Merrill Lynch trainee position in Nashville on a whim. For three interviews, he was called...More»
Tennessee: After graduating from college, Tim Roberson applied for a Merrill Lynch trainee position in Nashville on a whim. For three interviews, he was called the night before and asked to report at 6 a.m., a three-hour’s drive from home. On the fourth, he was hired. “They put me through the ringer,” he says. Roberson, who once wanted to be a dentist, spent the next decade steadily building a book: “I was a cold-calling machine.” Now 48, he serves  business owners, executives, and retirees, including a growing niche of divorced women. For stocks, he buys ETFs and individual names. He likes industrials and financials: “We think they’re overextended, but we believe earnings will continue to increase to justify those prices.” He has also taken positions in a commodity ETF, some master limited partnerships, and a beaten-up global shipping sector, but he’s reducing exposure to U.S. blue chips in favor of overseas markets. “It’s a global economy,” he says. “You are starting to see improvement.” —Charles Keenan «Less





Texas: Richard Szelc’s clients worry about rising interest rates, and even good news: Why has the market gone up so much? They realize that “these are...More»
Texas: Richard Szelc’s clients worry about rising interest rates, and even good news: Why has the market gone up so much? They realize that “these are really uncharted waters,” he says. But with the possibility of deregulation, tax cuts, and greater infrastructure spending, the Dallas-based Neuberger Berman advisor adds it’s “hard not to be positive about the economy.” Nowadays, Szelc has no cash allocation. He’d rather put money in taxable, investment-grade corporate bonds that can be sold as needed for living expenses. He also contends that high-yield bonds could do well, despite widespread opinion to the contrary: “If the economy picks up, you might have credit-quality upgrades, which will provide for principal appreciation, along with coupon income.” To hedge against higher rates, he has cut his portfolios’ duration to 3.5 years, from four to 4.5 years five months ago. Among the equity sectors he’s bullish on are energy and financials. Says Szelc, 61: “We have to be more nimble and tactical than ever before.” —Charles Keenan «Less





Utah: In the mid-1990s, after working solo at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management for about a decade, Carl Laurella partnered with two other advisors at the...More»
Utah: In the mid-1990s, after working solo at Merrill Lynch Wealth Management for about a decade, Carl Laurella partnered with two other advisors at the firm’s Salt Lake City unit. “Three heads were better than one,” he says. “That was a very powerful value proposition to clients and prospects.” Today, investors’ worries include rising interest rates, even though that also means higher income. The idea of bond prices consistently rising is over for now, Laurella argues. So, his team has shifted more money into alternative assets, such as hedge funds, private equity, and real estate. The advisor, 58, relies on managers to do the investing, reasoning that “wealthy individuals aren’t interested in a guy from Salt Lake picking stocks for them.” Right now, he’s counseling clients to increase exposure to high-quality international equities, which he sees as due to rise after years of trailing U.S. stocks. It’s not always easy to persuade investors, Laurella says, “but some of the markets are really on sale.” —Charles Keenan «Less





Vermont: At age 22, Brian Pelkey was hired by E.F. Hutton. His first job was cold-calling prospective clients and offering municipal bonds with an 11.5%...More»
Vermont: At age 22, Brian Pelkey was hired by E.F. Hutton. His first job was cold-calling prospective clients and offering municipal bonds with an 11.5% coupon. A few years later, during the crash of 1987, he got a taste of Wall Street panic. “I remember in disbelief watching that computer screen,” he recalls. It taught him that “when turmoil seems the greatest, most times the best thing to do is nothing.” That lesson is timely now, as political news gives the jitters to some of his clients at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management’s office in Colchester. Pelkey, 56, taps proven managers to do his stock-picking. Among other things, he favors global high-quality dividend payers, along with preferred securities with a fixed interest rate that eventually floats with the London interbank offered rate. And he’s still a fan of munis, given Vermont’s 9%-plus state tax rate for the highest earners. Producing solid portfolios that generate a reasonable income stream, he says, gives clients the patience to sit through unsettling times. —Charles Keenan «Less





Virginia: Stephan Cassaday took an interest in investing at age 10, when his father bought him 10 shares of airplane manufacturer Cessna. The stock doubled in...More»
Virginia: Stephan Cassaday took an interest in investing at age 10, when his father bought him 10 shares of airplane manufacturer Cessna. The stock doubled in a year, and Cassaday took his $150 in profits and bought a drum set. He still plays in his basement to let off steam. Pressure is nothing new. He went independent in 1993, going more than four years without a paycheck, and borrowing from credit cards to meet payroll before going into the black. Now, he counts 1,600 households as clients, mainly civil servants in the Washington area. Last summer, Cassady, 61, went entirely with active managers. “It’s a stockpicker’s market,” he says. “Everyone loves indexes. When everyone loves something, it’s almost always the wrong thing to do.” He sees value in health care and financials. Likewise, “emerging markets are dirt cheap,” as well as some European companies. “If the EU blows up, does that mean Volkswagen is not going to sell Bugattis and Lamborghinis to the Chinese, or Nestlé is not going to sell chocolate?” he asks. —Charles Keenan «Less





Washington: One of Erik Morgan’s clients, with a net worth north of $10 million, wasn’t getting much respect at a Ferrari dealership; his cargo shorts and ZZ Top...More»
Washington: One of Erik Morgan’s clients, with a net worth north of $10 million, wasn’t getting much respect at a Ferrari dealership; his cargo shorts and ZZ Top beard might have been the problem. So Morgan, 47, of Seattle’s Freestone Capital Management, became his (successful) negotiator. Morgan’s willingness to tackle the unusual extends to the investments he puts in his clients’ portfolios. Recently, they included a $300 million portfolio of trailer parks, mainly in Alabama, Michigan, and Ohio. The starting rate of return was 7%, but it could be boosted by higher occupancy and rent increases. Morgan says he looks for ways to provide returns that aren’t correlated to stocks. Lately, that has included some master limited partnerships, REITs, and business-development companies. In equities, international stocks offer better value than domestic shares, he contends. He’s bullish on Asia but cautions that investors there must make a significant financial commitment and “be willing to endure the ups and downs.” —Charles Keenan «Less





West Virginia: David Miller, 47, once worked as a bank auditor, crisscrossing the state to evaluate corporate borrowers. “You got to see what businesses were doing...More»
West Virginia: David Miller, 47, once worked as a bank auditor, crisscrossing the state to evaluate corporate borrowers. “You got to see what businesses were doing well and what businesses were hurting,” he says. “I thought you could use the same philosophy to identify sectors where you could make money.” Miller was recruited in the early 1990s by Ferris Baker Watts, which was bought by RBC. Today, he favors financials, health care, energy, materials, and industrials. He mainly invests in ETFs, tapping three sources for advice: RBC, Dorsey Wright, and First Trust. All three must align for him to dive into a sector, which typically shows value and momentum. He favors domestic, given bullishness over rising rates, deregulation, and repatriation of overseas corporate cash. In fixed income, he likes discounted floating-rate bonds, such as mortgage-backed securities and senior loans in high-quality companies. “We have to fight against rising rates, which lots of clients haven’t experienced,” he says. —Charles Keenan «Less





Wisconsin: Andrew Burish, a UBS Financial Services advisor in Madison, joins clients to ride motorcycles in locales such as California, Mexico, and Europe. But...More»
Wisconsin: Andrew Burish, a UBS Financial Services advisor in Madison, joins clients to ride motorcycles in locales such as California, Mexico, and Europe. But when it comes to investing, he’s less adventurous, favoring good old-fashioned buy-and-holds. He looks for dividend payers with sustained double-digit returns on equity over the past 10 years, and avoids value traps by emphasizing free-cash flow. “This means they can survive a storm,” he says. “Clients who are waiting for a recovery market get paid handsomely while they wait.” To that end, he likes U.S. financials, which now make up 25% of his domestic equities. He thinks they could double in five years, thanks to projected corporate-tax cuts, rising interest rates, and deregulation. Energy makes up another 10%. Burish, 58, a longtime proponent of international stocks, has had to preach patience in recent years, as they’ve underperformed U.S. shares. But the strong dollar makes goods produced abroad cheaper for Americans, aiding foreign exporters. —Charles Keenan «Less





Wyoming: Jeffrey Vincent started at LPL Financial in 1988, not long after the stock market crashed and oil bust. “Most everybody thought I was going to fail,”...More»
Wyoming: Jeffrey Vincent started at LPL Financial in 1988, not long after the stock market crashed and oil bust. “Most everybody thought I was going to fail,” he says. He had been laid off as an accountant at Amoco, but his connections provided him with a pipeline of clients. And he saw opportunity in 401(k) rollovers. Today, blue-collar oil-and-gas workers make up much of his client base. His investing approach focuses on individual companies, and he favors high-yielding equities, such as pipeline companies and preferred stocks. Vincent, 59, also likes some European American depositary receipts, and oil, insurance, and banks. “They haven’t run up in value so much,” he says. He’s avoiding fixed-income purchases and shortening durations on longer maturities. He likes cash, too; some clients hold 25%. “Even though we are optimistic, we see a lot of risk out there.” He eschews client minimums, citing how a landscaper can end up referring a wealthy customer. “The more accounts, the better,” he says. —Charles Keenan «Less









 Recent Financial Advisors Rankings

previous
pause
next



Top 100 Women Advisors
This year’s Barron’s ranking features 17 newcomers and is topped by Morgan Stanley’s Karen McDonald.

Top 100 Independent Advisors for 2016
As market share for the independent channel continues to grow, so do the practices of Barron’s ranked advisors.


Teaming With Ideas
How three financial advisor teams serve their clients by drawing on diverse personalities and complementary knowledge.

Top 100 Women Financial Advisors
This year’s ranking features 21 newcomers, led by Ameriprise’s Kimberlee Orth. 

Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors
Five of the Top 100 offer insights into navigating the bull market. Why they’re pivoting toward value.

America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors
Our annual listing of the best financial advisors features 15 new No. 1s. Who made the cut in your state?


Most Popular
Read
Emailed



1.General Electric: ‘Quite Materially Wrong’


2.U.S. Steel: Not Broken?





Subscriber Content Read Preview


3.Dividend-Paying Stocks That Beat the Market


4.Vipshop: It’s Time to Buy; Threat from Alibaba, JD.com Is Low


5.Surprise, Surprise? Dow Gains 100 Points as Fed Day Looms







Subscriber Content Read Preview


1.Oil Prices Could Rise by 35% Later This Year





Subscriber Content Read Preview


2.Beyond Bitcoin: How Blockchain Is Changing Banking





Subscriber Content Read Preview


3.Man vs. Machine: How Has Indexing Changed the Market? 





Subscriber Content Read Preview


4.UBS Chief: We Deserve a Higher Stock Price





Subscriber Content Read Preview


5.Wonder Women: Capitalizing on Gender Equality


See Full List




    Markets Video





 


3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market

4:25



 


Shopping Around for Better Savings Rates

0:35



 


Would You Get Groceries From Amazon?

1:22



Get Emails from Barron's





Barron's Daily Roundup



Barron's Preview



This Week's Barron's Magazine



Barron's - This Week's Most Popular


The email address is already associated with another account. Please enter a different email address:


Your email(s) will be sent to:









Thank You! Your settings have been saved.
Manage Email Preferences



Partner Center
Find a Broker





 
Barrons.com: Headlines
Link to Barron's Slice.

15






Barron's
Facebook
Twitter
Googgle+
LinkedIn
YouTube
RSS Feed
AppStore
Google Play
Return to Top«




Customer Service

Customer Center
Contact Us
Live Help



Create an Account

Subscribe to Barron's
Magazine Subscribers:Activate Your Digital Access



About Barrons.com


Advertising
Masthead
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Data Policy
Copyright Policy
Subscriber Agreement& Terms of Use
Your Ad Choices
Community Rules 


Also From Barron's

Conferences
Reprints
Classifieds
College Program
Find a Broker
Barron's in Japanese



Tools & Services

Mobile Site
Email Newsletters
Barron's on iPad/iPhone
Barron's on Android
Watchlist 
Video
StockGrader
Barron's 400
Economic Calendar
Stock & Mutual Fund Listings
Commodities, Options& Annuities Listings





ACAP Enabled
Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


















