Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksTwitter's Q2 In Brief: Not A Good StockTWTR• Today, 1:50 AM • Steven Mallas•2 CommentsThe 'Skynet' Gambit - AI At The BrinkBIDU, GOOG, NVDA• Today, 1:19 AM • William Tidwell•2 CommentsPower Integrations, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPOWI• Yesterday, 11:48 PM • SA TranscriptsNTT DoCoMo, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDCM• Yesterday, 8:16 PM • SA TranscriptsExamining First Solar's Amazing QuarterFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•5 CommentsAmazon's Stock Is Likely To Pull Back FurtherAMZN• Yesterday, 6:56 PM • David Zanoni•27 CommentsBaidu - Key Takeaways From Q2BIDU• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Kenra Investors•3 CommentsApplied Materials: Growth At A DiscountAMAT• Yesterday, 6:12 PM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsThe New Dividend Growth Sector: TechnologyAAPL, MSFT, CSCO• Yesterday, 5:57 PM • The Dividend Guy•6 CommentsKT Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKT• Yesterday, 5:19 PM • SA TranscriptsSnap: Big Lock-Up Expiration Happens Next WeekSNAP• Yesterday, 5:13 PM • Alex Cho•37 CommentsChunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHT• Yesterday, 5:12 PM • SA TranscriptsHere's Why Amazon Missed Q2's Earnings Estimate By A MileAMZN• Yesterday, 5:07 PM • James Brumley•25 CommentsAdvanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASX• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsOracle: Is Further Growth Possible?ORCL• Yesterday, 4:32 PM • Egor KachalovAMD Vs. Intel: Winner Of Q2 Earnings?AMD, INTC• Yesterday, 4:29 PM • Alex Cho•25 CommentsWhy The Long-Term Prosperity Of Baidu Is GuaranteedBIDU• Yesterday, 3:38 PM • Motek Moyen•10 CommentsRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Yesterday, 3:26 PM • Michael W Byrne•6 CommentsAfter The Smoke Clears - Future Of AmazonAMZN• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Gary Bourgeault•33 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Yesterday, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•4 CommentsIntel's Rope-A-Dope StrategyAMD, INTC• Yesterday, 2:29 PM • Mark Hibben•107 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•38 CommentsWhy Alphabet Stock Fell Despite Beating EPS EstimatesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:54 PM • Markos Kaminis•6 CommentsLowering Apple's Price Target Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Alex Cho•77 CommentsIntel Delivers Strong Earnings, But There Are ConcernsINTC• Yesterday, 1:25 PM • Technology Investing•10 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Yesterday, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Yesterday, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•5 CommentsIntel Invests In $30.7 Million Big Switch Networks Expansion RoundINTC• Yesterday, 12:39 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentOrange 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesORAN• Yesterday, 12:35 PM • SA TranscriptsAmazon Q2: 3 Red Flags And 1 Potentially Broken Investment ThesisAMZN• Yesterday, 12:32 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•31 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Yesterday, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•19 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Yesterday, 12:10 PM • PineStreet•1 CommentAT&T: A Standup Double Of A QuarterT• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • PendragonY•16 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•113 CommentsVerizon Is Flying HigherVZ• Yesterday, 11:42 AM • Josh Arnold•8 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Yesterday, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•6 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Yesterday, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•50 CommentsProximus Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGAOF• Yesterday, 10:59 AM • SA TranscriptsVerizon: New Quarter, Same ConcernsVZ• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • Robert Riesen•15 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•40 CommentsAmazon.com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Yesterday, 10:37 AM • Paulo Santos•127 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Yesterday, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsIron Mountain Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIRM• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•63 CommentsVerizon's Q2 2017 Earnings: Impressive Financial Results But Concerns RemainVZ• Yesterday, 8:53 AM • WG Investment Research•5 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsAT&T: Black Swan Buyers May Signal Major Market SelloffT• Yesterday, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•35 CommentsNot Confident Of Your Retirement? You're Not AloneT• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•27 CommentsAmazon Is A Trade Not An InvestmentAMZN• Yesterday, 5:37 AM • Forrest Wilson•57 CommentsSafran SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAFRF• Yesterday, 3:07 AM • SA TranscriptsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Yesterday, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCypress: As Good As It GetsCY• Yesterday, 1:35 AM • Out of Ignorance•8 CommentsA Bear's Trade On Cisco For 5.6% IncomeCSCO• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:00 PM • Eric Basmajian•31 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•2 CommentsFlex Ltd.. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLEX• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:01 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Sage Group To Acquire Intacct For Financial Management SolutionsSGGEF• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:46 PM • Donovan JonesGigamon, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGIMO• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:42 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: The Price Is Still SillyAMD• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:24 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•161 CommentsAmazon: Ugly Q3 Guidance Easily PredictedAMZN• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:18 PM • Stone Fox Capital•87 CommentsInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsNational Instruments Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNATI• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•29 CommentsForecasting Apple's Q3 Using Apple GuidanceAAPL• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:37 PM • Scott Nickerson•13 CommentsThis Is Not Your Grandfather's AT&TEditors' Pick • T• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:23 PM • Chuck Carnevale•84 CommentsAmazon: First Look And AWS ThoughtsAMZN• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:21 PM • D.M. Martins Research•44 CommentsVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Thu, Jul. 27, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentA10 Networks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATEN• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•23 Comments8X8 Inc 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGHT• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsXiaomi Comeback Marches On, But Will It Last?XI• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:24 PM • Doug YoungLooking Deeper Into AMD's EarningsAMD• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:22 PM • Technology Investing•109 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner:  Strong AT&T Earnings Enhance The Case For The Combined EntityT• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:22 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•13 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsMicrosoft Riding High On The CloudMSFT• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:13 PM • Sramana Mitra•5 Comments123456...1163Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Vicor's (VICR) CEO Patrizio Vinciarelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VICR•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:39 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compañía de Minas Buenaventura's (BVN) CEO Victor Gobitz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BVN•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:27 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Validus Holdings' (VR) CEO Ed Noonan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VR•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie de Saint Gobain's (CODGF) CEO Pierre-Andre de Chalendar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CODGF•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:00 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




NexJ Systems' (NEXJF) CEO Bill Tatham on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEXJF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Piper Jaffray's (PJC) CEO Andrew Duff on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PJC•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:44 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Osram Licht's (OSAGF) CEO Olaf Berlien on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OSAGF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Refining's (CVRR) CEO Jack Lipinski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVRR•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:30 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Blucora's (BCOR) CEO John Clendening on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCOR•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:24 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Electricite de France (ECIFF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECIFF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:14 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Santander-Chile's (BSAC) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BSAC•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:06 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




IRADIMED's (IRMD) CEO Roger Susi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRMD•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico's (PAC) CEO Fernando Bosque on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PAC•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Power Integrations' (POWI) CEO Balu Balakrishnan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


POWI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Midland States Bancorp's (MSBI) CEO Leon Holschbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSBI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




L'Oreal's (LRLCF) CEO Jean-Paul Agon on First Half 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRLCF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Teranga Gold's (TGCDF) CEO Richard Young on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TGCDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




IMI's (IMIAF) CEO Mark Selway on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMIAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco De Sabadell's (BNDSF) CEO Jaime Guardiola on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BNDSF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eutelsat Communications' (EUTLF) CEO Rodolphe Belmer on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EUTLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danone's (GPDNF) CEO Cécile Cabanis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPDNF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SCCO•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Takeda Pharmaceutical's (TKPHF) CEO Christophe Weber on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TKPHF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aecon Group's (AEGXF) CEO John Beck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEGXF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Renault's (RNSDF) CEO Carlos Ghosn on H1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RNSDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BankFinancial's (BFIN) CEO F. Morgan Gasior on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BFIN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Partners' (UAN) CEO Mark Pytosh on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UAN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 




123456...4458Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














  - Stock quote for  - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Data not available






















 : 




































            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
-


Previous Close
-


Volume (Avg)
-


Day's Range
-


52Wk Range
-


Market Cap.
-


P/E Ratio (EPS
-


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
-


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-


















AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,830.31


+33.76
+0.15%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 4:38 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,374.68




-7.51
-0.12%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,368.37




-74.64
-1.00%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,954.69




-8.54
-0.07%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 



Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. - Analyst/Investor Day | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. - Analyst/Investor DayMay.14.13 | About: Interactive Intelligence, (ININ) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (NASDAQ:ININ)
May 14, 2013  1:30 pm ET
Executives
Stephen R. Head - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Senior Vice President of Finance & Administration and Secretary
Donald E. Brown - Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Mike Szilagyi
Joseph A. Staples - Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President of Marketing
Gary R. Blough - Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales
Paul Weber
Stephen R. Head
Hi, good afternoon. This is Steve Head, and we're having an Interactive Analyst Presentation. Our first presenter has not shown up yet. I just want to let everybody know that, that's out there on the webcast standing by, that we'll start in a few minutes. So we'll be right back with you shortly. Thank you.
Okay. We're ready to get started with the Interactive presentation. Hopefully, everybody [indiscernible] music [indiscernible] having on hold. I'll start with a few introductions. From Interactive today, I have Ashley Vukovits, who's our VP of Finance; and Meredith Britt, Senior Manager for Financial Reporting. And a couple of folks from ICR that we work with: Seth Potter and Emily Burton at back there.
And so that will get it started. The line up today starts with Don with an overview of the company. Mike Szilagyi, will be in a few minutes, kind of half an hour, to talk about the CaaS operations. He's going to talk about successes of. Joe Staples to talk about some of the marketing things. Gary and Paul on the sales part of the business. We have a customer panel for -- it's from 3:30 to 4:00, so you can ask questions. They'll give a little background of themselves and then give a chance to ask questions. And we'll wrap up if there's any question from financials at the end. I think most of you have stories, I would be happy to answer any questions you have.
And with that, we'll turn it over to Don to begin the presentation.
Donald E. Brown
Thanks, Steve. Well, I'm just going go through a little overview of the company, some of our results recently and more than anything else, our plans for the future.
We had pretty strong results in 2012, with orders increasing 48%. Revenues grew 13% to $237 million, and our cloud-based orders increased 123%.
So I just believe that part of our business is growing pretty significantly. Cloud accounted for 35% of the orders, up from 23% last year, and generated $20 million-plus of cash. Overall, the company generated that much cash.
We were able to gain many new high-quality customers, ranging from organizations like WellPoint, Deloitte, T-Mobile. Auto manufacturers like Toyota, really every industry segment just right every geography around the world. And there are a number of things driving our growth. Obviously, one is the movement to the cloud. A lot of companies wanting to get out of the IT business as much as they can. And so moving their operations to the cloud makes a lot of sense. They see other companies do this with CRM packages, ERP, other types of applications. So the move is really underway for communications in general and the contact center, in particular.
We've been driven also by increasing recognition on the part of Gartner, Frost & Sullivan, Nemertes, and other industry analysts. And in fact, our VP of Marketing calls it the triple crown that we won last year, where we improved our position in Gartner's Leadership Quadrant, while being named Contact Center Solution of the Year, Singular, by Frost & Sullivan in the North, which is a big deal. So that really is helping us, in particular, increasing our reputation with large organizations. And so as, and as Steve was pointing out, with some of the metrics that he'll share, we're just doing a lot more large deals, dealing with a lot more larger organizations, some of whom were illustrated on the previous slide.

And this is the result of years of heavy spending in R&D. I'm a technical person, so I'm a big believer, and that is one of the primary catalysts of our growth, and that has resulted in a rapidly-maturing product line that does more and more, especially for large sophisticated organizations. But also a product line that is broadening and deepening, that is covering more functional areas, and doing so in a more productive way.
And along with this is an increase in our global capabilities, led by retailer acquisitions that we've done in key geographies like Australia, New Zealand, Germany, the Benelux, South Africa. So more and more, we can go to a large multinational company and talk about supporting them, not just with a network of resellers around the world, but with our own direct operations in each geography. So that has been instrumental to our growth and as a high-end.
For 2013, we have a number of objectives. One is to continue rapid order growth of at least 20%. And you've seen our first quarter numbers, and we're well on pace to achieve that. We are going to continue to invest heavily in R&D. I think it's roughly 20% of revenues that are being spent each year on R&D, which is quite a bit for a company our size. But similar investments in sales and marketing, allot more to our build-out of the cloud capabilities. We still do want to maintain, at least, minimal non-GAAP profitability, so we're being pretty aggressive in our investment strategy, but we don't want to throw caution to the wind. So one useful metric is to say, "We'll at least maintain some modest non-GAAP profitability." And we want to generate cash. Even with the move to the cloud, so far we've been successful in making positive cash flow. And so, we are working to achieve that as well.
Now every year, with our employees, we get together and put together a set of strategy points for the coming year. And for 2013, this includes going upmarket in the contact centers, this has been #1 on our list for several years and has resulted in some of the large sales that we've gotten. But we've got more we want to do, both at the product level, in terms of sales and marketing, relationship with consultants, analysts, Gartner and the like. So we have a lot in store there.
We're certainly going to grow our cloud business, and that is the most rapidly growing segment of our business. We've been very successful there, but we've got a lot more that we intend to do. Within the cloud, we primarily focus on the midrange and larger organizations, but this year, we decided to introduce a new offering for small centers, those with somewhere between 10 and 50 agents. We felt that we have reached the level of maturity with our CaaS offering that would allow us to go down into this smaller part of the market.
So we hired a new VP of Sales, we created a phone-based sales organization that's relatively small but growing, and we made a significant marketing investment. So this is the same thing, the same CaaS service that we've been selling, but repackaged for these small centers. And so it's a long-term investment, it's not going to move the financially needle much in 2013, but we think it really does have a branding impact, gets our name out in more deals. And it's something that can help us grow into larger deals.
And then, as in previous years, we intend to continue our geographic expansion, especially in key geographies that includes Canada, the U.K., Germany, Japan, Brazil, Australia, New Zealand and the Benelux. We've had some success already, as well as direct operations in all these geographies, so we'll continue to build those out.
And then we're working to move current customers to CIC 4.0. And that's a big part of what this conference is about, showing the virtues of 4.0, showing customers how it improves their efficiency and profitability. So that effort is already well underway, but we're doing everything we can to accelerate it.

At the show, we're releasing our new content management product that takes us into a new aspect of business process automation, both inside the contact center, but within the broader enterprise. So we're excited about that. And we're illustrating the build-out of our ecosystem. As I tried to do earlier today in highlighting integrations we have with companies like Orgspan, Nindev, Salesforce, Apple and Video [ph].
And then increasingly, we are verticalizing. We've been very strong in insurance the last several years and in other verticals like collections and utilities. But we want to improve our strength in financial institutions like banks and credit unions. We do have a lot of outsourcer customers, but we have more that we want to do there. And then in other industries like healthcare and vertical.
Now I'm not going to spend a lot of time going through product plans, because that's what this whole conference is about. We could spend the next 8 hours, I can bore you to tears just going through product details. But at a high level, we've got a lot of cool things that we're introducing this week and working on in general. One was the social customer service integration with OrgSpan that we showed this morning. We're working on increasing scalability and reliability as we go into those large organizations. One key area for us is speech. We've developed our own speech team last year, introduced realtime speech analytics. This year, we're incorporating speech recognition and text-to-speech directly within our products.
And then we are maturing key parts of our product line to compete better with standalone products. So the workforce optimization in particular with agent scheduling, forecasting. We made an acquisition last year of largely a mathematical group, Bay Bridge analytics, that has significantly increased our capabilities in this area.
And then quality monitoring is another one, where we want to go head-to-head with Verint and NICE, organizations like that, so that even our largest customers are able to make use of our quality monitoring capabilities.
We're beefing up our multimedia. More and more customers are looking for alternative channels into an organization, so chat, e-mail, SMS, video capabilities.
And then the business process automation move that we made about 3 years ago, we're extending with our IPA product via a web interface that can be used outside the contact centers by users who aren't licensed for CIC, our new contact management -- content management application. And then, trying to tie the whole together with much stronger data analytics, including predictive analytics.
So that's a limited talk about the current product plans, at least for the current product line. But I do want to clue you in to our new effort that we have underway that we talked just a little bit about. Last year, we had Clayton Christensen talk here at Interactions, and it was very interesting. He talked about how a company will come along in a market and target a particular customer segment. And customer segments typically tend to be multiple. They're high-ends and low-ends that evolve overtime, but a company will target one with a technology and often overshoot the needs of that particular segment of the market in focusing on it. And they may allow a second company to start sometime lower, targeting -- sometime later, targeting a lower segment of the market. And initially, the second company doesn't look like much of a threat, but over time, they grow to challenge the first company in its key markets because of their rate of growth.
And so, in some ways, this represents a situation 15 years ago with Interactive Intelligence against Cisco, Avaya, the Nortel, Aspect and others. We were the young upstart. But what we worry about now is being in a position where we can serve increasingly the largest contact centers, but that somebody else could come along and adopt changes in technology and really threaten our position.

And so what we've decided to do is to do that ourselves. So we have initiated an effort called PureCloud. Part of this stems from my involvement with OrgSpan, where I was introduced to those guys who are doing leveraging Amazon web services for the back-end delivery, utilizing open source technologies like Mongo, Celery, Rabbit, all these crazy names, but basically Linux-based technologies that they could use for very rapid application development.
So we decided that we wanted to do something similar ourselves. And so we have created and are ramping up an effort that we're referring to as PureCloud, that's largely down The Research Triangle Park area in North Carolina. And we think that we can get it to move at an even faster rate than what we're able to with the current CIC line. And this is what we're rapidly moving to. It's a pure cloud-based communication service, in which the application services, storage, analytics, those sorts of things, are done up in the AWS cloud, which is the cheapest infrastructure available on earth.
Customers can connect simply over the Internet, and for those who wanted to keep voice traffic local to their organization, they can install a simple device, a simple appliance that we call the Edge device on their network that will handle telco connectivity, but it also contains millions of lines of highly-optimized C++ code that we've developed over the last 20 years. So a lot of the low-level nitty-gritty stuff, the complexity of voice, not only telco connectivity, but also fax, conferencing, IVR, all the speech capabilities that I've mentioned, increasingly video. It will also contain a basic IP PBX and use REST API in order to talk via the Internet to the services up in Amazon. So it's meant to be something that we can ship out a customer, they can provision from a web browser, plug into their network and be operational in minutes.
And in addition to providing all those low-level voice capabilities, it also acts as a remotely survivable device. So in the event that the Internet is unavailable or Amazon is unavailable, they can continue to operate locally, routing calls, taking and making calls, recording, providing IVR, all their basic services. So it really is the best of both worlds. The application services are hosted up in Amazon, and they are multi-tenant. We designed this for unlimited scalability using the elastic load balancer capability of Amazon Web Services, using Amazon as free-for-storage and a whole wealth of rapidly evolving database and analytic capabilities that are springing up and being developed for Amazon.
And then on the user interface side, we're developing completely web interfaces, so that from a single website, an organization can go sign up, even swipe with a -- or enter credit card information and be provisioned and operational in minutes with an agent interface, real-time supervision, a strong administrative interface and even using Web RTC for audio and video.
If you're not familiar with Web RTC, it's an effort being pushed by Google that builds audio and video capabilities directly into the browser. So Chrome today has this capability for peer-to-peer audio and video communications that don't require any fancy or expensive videoconferencing equipment at all. Nothing more than what comes with the typical laptop.
And then, we'll offer some other premises-based options. Endpoints like IP phones from AudioCodes and Polycom, the iPad supervisor that we showed this morning. But we'll have components that allow them to screen recording and local integration as well.
So far, I've shown Local Control, where a customer wants the voice traffic to stay on their network, the price they pay is there's got to be a device there that takes in the voice traffic in order to allow that voice to remain local. Some organizations don't want even that. They don't want to have to do anything to their network, install any device to their network, and we will support that model as well. We call that Remote Control. In that case, that Edge devices are up in our data centers that we have around the world, the application logic is still on Amazon. But this way, the customer doesn't need anything -- potentially anything at all, other than maybe a Chrome-enabled laptop, running within the contact center or their -- or at home for remote agents.

So what this leaves us with is a couple of different product lines that will continue to evolve, but that we think need a number of key customer needs in a way that nobody in the industry can match. With CIC and CaaS, we can handle large, complex customers, either on premises or in a single-tenant cloud, even a private cloud, the way we do for some of our customers, that offers extremely high security, data isolation. It's a little bit more expensive to operate, takes a little bit longer to set up, but it gives them the sort of control they want.
But on the other hand, with PureCloud, we'll have this multi-tenant cloud-based solution that also offers good security, but a little bit less control, but also with a much lower operational cost, which gives us flexibility on pricing or alternatively, on the sort of operating margin that we can generate.
So you can see that both products are meant to handle a wide range of customers. With PureCloud, we're actually aiming to be able to go, really, across both ends of the market, from the very smallest organizations, all the way on up to the very largest, and we're convinced we can do that.
The way we see CIC, CaaS playing out is largely a focus on incremental improvements, increase in scalability, with some functionalities that we'll add, like a cloud-based version of IPA, intelligent pay analytics, some more sophisticated routing.
And then PureCloud, we think, you'll see evolve very rapidly. This year is the development year. We intend to release it next year, primarily focused at inbound contact centers, but over the next couple of years beyond that, we will grow it up to handle inbound/outbound, multimedia contact centers, and, really, organizations of just about any size.
So with those 2 efforts, we think that we've got a pretty good range of options that leave us in a good position with a very experienced, technically-adept company, with a good and growing reputation, a cloud story that's unrivaled because we can offer a range of options that nobody else can, and that allows us to service a broadening market set of options for 2013, and we really believe, potentially, a market-shattering solution in 2014.
That's my presentation. Any questions I can answer for you? Yes, sir?
Question-and-Answer Session
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Donald E. Brown
So the question is around small center, and how that fits in with PureCloud, and how we avoid cannibalization as we bring PureCloud to market. Well, just to emphasize, the small center solution is something we have today, that we're rolling out today using current technology. Clearly, next year, we will take a hard look at transitioning over those small center accounts -- new small center accounts and have them utilize PureCloud. Partly just for operating efficiency, because as I keep emphasizing, the -- we believe we'll have a better operating margin with PureCloud than we currently are able to get today with our virtualized approach. We're not too worried about cannibalization at this point. For one thing, it's not clear that we'll price PureCloud in a cannibalistic way. We have that option, which we'll examine the market. But the PureCloud, really, just is a different sort of option that will appeal to certain types of customers. But that decreased operating cost, we think, will give us the flexibility to lower costs to survive a price war if one does emerge, that we just think we're going to be in very, very good shape. But at least, initially, we're not at all concerned about customers adopting PureCloud over CIC. If they do, that's fine. It actually is more profitable for us at the current level. Yes, sir?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Donald E. Brown
So the question is what happens with CaaS as PureCloud goes along. Does PureCloud eventually replace it? The real answer is, we don't know. At this point, what we see is a market that's somewhat fragmented. I met with a customer and a prospect then in the U.K. a few months ago, it was a retailer, and started to talk about cloud, and the guy almost physically stopped me and said, "I don't want to hear about cloud." What we do is we've had an Aspect system that we've owned for 10 years. We amortize it, that's done. We want to own it. We want to get every bit of value out of it that we can, and then we'll buy something else, and we'll do the same thing. And they end up buying our solution, and buying the premise-based version. So we see, going forward, some customers who are like that, who want to own it, they've got the IT staff, they want the level of control that a premise-based solution offers. Some customers like the idea of cloud, but only so far. They really like the multi -- the single-tenant virtualized solution that we offer today, because they get the benefit of pushing some of the IT work onto us, but yet they don't have to worry about being mixed in with a bunch of other companies. They can upgrade on their own schedule, they still have some measure of control, they still have great security, and we've made some very large sales using that configuration. All right. So it's really difficult for me to see either of those going away anytime soon. But we do believe that there is an important market for a multi-tenant solution, so we'll be putting a fair amount of resource in there. The way we designed this from a development standpoint, there is a lot of intellectual property that lies in common, really, that serves all 3 of those. So in particular, today, we have our media server component, where we have a tremendous amount of intellectual property for that low-level treatment of voice, speech, conferencing, all that stuff I mentioned. We're putting video resources in there. That really becomes this Edge device. So this Edge device will be something that we will use for premise-based deployments, for CaaS single-tenant deployments, for PureCloud, and that's a huge portion of our intellectual property. So we think we can -- and there are other areas I won't go into where we can develop common code for analytics, web portals, mobility, social media, lots of other things that will be really the same code for all 3 of those offerings. And we will just let the market determine. How this will all shake out, I don't know. If we reach the point that 90% of customers are fine with a multi-tenant solution, and we feel that we could forgo that part of the market that wouldn't be accepting such a solution, then maybe we would make that step. But I think, that's probably a good 3 to 5 years out before we really begin to have a firm notion of what's going on. Yes, sir?

Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Donald E. Brown
Okay. The question was about competition at the low-end and the high-end. I guess, to be frank, we really haven't seen much of a change the last couple of years. We see some of the players at the low-end in contact, and some of those sorts of organizations that have largely taken premise-based solutions and then tried to re-adapt them for a cloud world. And I'm a little bit more familiar with in-contact. I know that, for example, for quality monitoring, they resell the Verint product rather than developing their own. And so it's a distinct advantage for us to develop these core technologies ourselves. We can integrate with third-party solutions, where customers really require them, but that's becoming less and less of a -- less and less common, as we mature our own products in areas of workforce optimization, quality monitoring. We really haven't seen anybody -- any of the large players come out with a compelling cloud offering yet. For the most part, they tend to be working with various hosting providers -- in hosting, they're premise-based solution. So not a whole lot has changed that we can see, but we're not about to stay in that past. We feel very good where we are today, and we think our growth numbers show that we are taking market share away from just about everybody else in the current cloud area. But we don't want to just count on that forever. And that's why we went ahead and made the financial investment, took the financial hit. We could have been far more profitable this year if we had wanted to be, but we decided to siphon off $1 million or more, more toward this new effort that we're really excited about that won't help us at all this year. It just hurts us this year, but we really feel positions us extremely well for the future. Okay.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Donald E. Brown
We don't have anything that we can share yet. We're still -- the question was operating margin difference between, say, CaaS and PureCloud. We don't have any firm numbers that we can share yet. I will just say that with CaaS, we go out, open up a new data center, and Mike Szilagyi who is sitting back there wants me to sign a check for a $1 million. That's our depreciation, that's our investment, depreciation that we've got to pay. We pay the electricity, the connectivity, all those charges there, the people costs associated with maintaining those data centers, we've felt that it was necessary in order to get into this game, but there's no question that it hurts our overall profitability. With PureCloud, we're designing this from the ground up to leverage Amazon Web Services so that we can turn up those services incrementally and automatically. It really is a wondrous thing to see, and I've seen it, as I said, through OrgSpan, this incremental increase that can be done, the provisioning can be done automatically so that you need much less in terms of human intervention and human capital back there as an expense, and you pay by the drink for exactly what you need, the CPU, the storage, the connectivity. So we don't think we can beat Amazon in terms of overall data center efficiency. I'm not sure anybody can. So just intuitively, we know that we're going to get quite a cost-savings as we move to that architecture.
Stephen R. Head
Thank you, Don. And next up, speaking cloud, we're giving a lot of time on, we have Mike Szilagyi, our Vice President of our CaaS operations. Mike?
Mike Szilagyi
Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Mike Szilagyi. I'm the Vice President of our Communications as a Service Group. So I'm responsible for the technology, the engineering, the support and the delivery of the services for our CaaS offering worldwide.
Today, I'd like to share with you some of the progress that we've made over the last couple of years in our existing CaaS platform around the world, and then also share some of the deployment strategies that we have and some of the numbers of our customer base as well.

So I'd like to first start by giving you an update on where we are with our data centers. Don mentioned some of the locations that we went into and now I'd like to share some of that with you. And also talk about some of the deployment models that we're doing right now and what gives us an advantage in the marketplace with those flexible deployment models.
You heard Don talk about Local Control and Remote Control, and there are quite a few customers out there that, that is important to them. They are not ready to jump 100% into the cloud, and some of our models really give them the flexibility to meet their needs, as well as compliance. Compliance is an important part of them as well. And it's -- and for me it's the last hurdle for the cloud, is companies have to be comfortable with you managing their data. So we have some of our deployment models that give us some flexibility there as well.
And I'd also like to talk about some of the tiered service offerings that we've introduced. So at the beginning of this year, we've launched different platform tiers that come with different feature sets, different support and different service models as well.
And then finally, I'll talk about some of the customers and seat counts that we have.
So this shows you where we, Interactive Intelligence, has offices around the world, and what I'd like to do is overlay on there where we have our data centers, and why do we have them in those locations. So here are the ones that we currently have. We broke the world off into 5 different parts. So we have Japan and Australia at separate units, we have the EMEA region, South America and the United States. We have 2 data centers in each of those locations, and the customers today are pretty savvy. Even though we're talking about the cloud, they know that their data and their services are sitting in a data center somewhere. They want to know that there's business continuity and disaster recovery, that's the 2 centers. You'll be seeing though, what  happened with Hurricane Sandy and the tornado in Japan, these data centers aren't susceptible, and they'd like to know that their data is secured in 2 data centers. So in each part of this world -- each part of the world here, we have 2 centers that satisfy that need.
In Indianapolis, Indiana, we have our Global NOC. A NOC is a network operations center. So this is where we monitor all the equipments throughout the world in our data center. We have the staff 24/7, 365, with engineers that are there monitoring equipment and doing all the proactive maintenance that may come up or proactive monitoring. So if there's something that's happening on the customer's infrastructure within our data center, even if it's on redundant or spare parts, we're able to see it and proactively take measures.
The white circles that just came in are places where we actually have technical operations support and staff. So we have engineering and support and services in all the locations where we have data centers as well. These are staff, senior engineers, that are managing the infrastructure. They are support engineers that are working with our customers, taking the level 1 calls. And service engineers for those that are live and require ongoing assistance with our product, to help configure their IVRs in their contact center services or their PBX services.
Still yet to come. We still -- our facility, evolving and advancing this network of data centers. Later this year, in the second half of this year, we'll be opening 2 centers in Canada to service that market as well . We'll be opening 1 center in Toronto and 1 in Montréal as well.
And we will be expanding our global NOC and opening a center in Malaysia that will have 24/7, 365 on that side of the world as well. After that, I won't ask Don for another $1 million check.

So in each of these data centers, it's an important component for us to have a strong security and compliance story. There's a lot of procurement departments out there that are asking the same questions. There's cloud security alliances that are forming, where customers are becoming educated and they understand what to ask for their vendors that are in the cloud. They want to understand that you have policies, that they are vetted by a third-party organization and they do meet some public standards. So this is our story. We have a corporate story as well that judges our corporate entity, how we develop software, and it's covered by SOX and ISO and then JITC for the government sector, all base on an ISO 27001 Standards.
Then you move into the cloud services, so my team and what we do. So we have a standard called SSAE-16 that governs and dictates how we perform our maintenance, how we manage our infrastructure, how do we manage who's coming into the environment and what they're doing and have accountability for those things. We're also working on our PCI specification as well for our customers that handle credit card data. So we'll have the PCI environment for those as well.
And then you move on to our data centers. We don't actually build the data centers ourselves, we use co-location providers. But they're all Tier 3 or Tier 3-certified data centers throughout the world, and they also have a set of standards that they -- they're mainly governed by what their power systems look like, how they provide the power, how they secure -- physically secure access to the infrastructure as well.
So those are 3 things, together, give us a very strong security message to our potential clients that have those types regulations or concerns about the cloud.
Next, I want to move onto our deployment strategy. So we have what is, we call, Remote Control. It's where is the telephony is remote from the customer. And this is what is typically referred to as the PureCloud deployment model. So the lower half of this -- the bottom part of the screen is the customer location. So they have a physical handset phone, their agents and their desktop PCs, and in the cloud is where we host all of our application software. We connect down to the customer premise site using MPLS, and in some cases, the Internet. And we manage and maintain that, all of the applications in our cloud, as well as the telephony services components.
The other model is more of the hybrid model that we call Local Control. So the telephony components, and even some of the media processing and the management of the recordings and the telephony can stay at the customer's sites, and this helps us in a couple of situations. One, where they have an investment in equipment, say a PBX of a telephony system that they would still like to take advantage of; or if they have some kind of compliancy that says that their recordings and their data must stay local to their site. With our Local Control model, we're able to facilitate that and take some of the management of our applications and the complexities of that and move it into the cloud. And again, we still get the business continuity and disaster recovery of the 2 data centers. And then we deliver all that sitting behind our Five9's SLA. So it gives them comfort that we can focus on our application, while they can still leverage some of their existing equipment at their site, as well as meet their compliancy objectives that they have with their business.
A new offering that Don mentioned was the small center. So this is very similar to Remote Control with the exception that everything is delivered over the Internet. So we're using secured voice channels over the public Internet to deliver our services to small customers 50 agents and under. And at the customer site, they can have a softphone or a Voice-over-IP phone connected to our system, as well as our client applications. So we'd manage everything up in the cloud, we limit the feature set that they can -- that they're delivering, keep the complexity down, and bring them into service within 15 days. We have a 15-day guarantee that we can bring them up and running within that time period.

Here's the standard -- the edition that we've began offering at the beginning of this year. So we've taken -- when people look at the cloud, everybody has different needs from their cloud vendors. Down at the small center, it's basic functionality, small number of agents, limited feature set. And then as you move to the far right, it's more complex, larger customers that have advanced needs and need specialized customizations to meet their requirements or meet their workplace needs.
So we've introduced these different tiers here that, of course, have different pricing functionality associated with them. And each of the tiers, as you move from small center, the left to the right, they have the functionality of the previous edition, plus some additional added benefits. So if you look at the standard edition, it's got some simplified available options of supervisor reporting and multi-channel. And then the preferred edition, if you look at that, we added even some more functionality there. And each of this contains some level of increased support and services from us as an organization as well.
So if you -- and in the far right is the premium we're you start to introduce things like VoiceXML, natural speech recognition, things that are a little  more complex to set up, maintain and manage.
As Don mentioned earlier, we are seeing -- we are making an investment in CaaS and we're starting to see the benefits of that investment. From 2009, at 5% of our percentage of total orders to an estimated of 50% of our orders in 2013.
As far as our seat count, again, a nice trajectory starting back in mid-2010, surpassing the 2,000 seat mark, and seeing a nice trajectory growth there as well. And you can see it's a mixture of agents, business users, stations and supervisors as well.
If you look at our deployment models that we talked about there, Remote Control and the Local Control, you can see it's about a 50-50 split out there in the marketplace. So it is satisfying the need of our customers. There are certain customers that Local Control is the perfect model for them and there's others that they're more comfortable with the cloud and they'd like to move more of that services and functionality. So we are seeing a nice adoption rate from both of those models within the marketplace.
The lower chart -- the pie chart on the lower side there shows where we are with our geographic deployment. Now this is -- if you think about the cloud, in North America, and specifically out of our U.S. data centers, we do have multinational companies that are running out of our U.S. data centers. So we have some that have offices all around the world using local control, but their application is actually running in our U.S. data centers. So that particular chart shows the region in which that we have data centers, that companies running out of that location.
So we're starting to see our investment in EMEA and APAC and now Latin America start to see the -- we're starting to see the benefit of that investment as well as we see  those pipelines grow.
And you can see that there is a pretty nice adoption rate out there from customers. Some well-known customers out there are looking to the cloud first when it comes to their procurement model. So we have seen some good success there as well, on the small-end and the high-end, across both our deployment models.
So we feel like we've got a really nice offering right now that can meet a lot of needs. We've made the investments that we need in the security and the compliance to win in different vertical markets such as finance, healthcare, government sectors. And then we've also made an investment on the small centers to help some of those -- to help bring some of our technologies down to the smaller market that typically couldn't afford those in the past.

Any questions for me? Yes?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
I think at some point there, it'll be -- I'm sorry, the question was, is there a clear migration path for the small center customers to the PureCloud? And I think at some point, it's going to be -- the feature set we'll have, that it provide the impetus for them to move over to the PureCloud. At some point, the feature set of the PureCloud will be -- or the price point, when we determine what those price points may be, will be the impetus to help do that. But we -- as we develop the features in the PureCloud, we'll certainly keep that strategy in mind. We do have, between the tiers that we have in our CaaS offering right now, we've got a nice strategy for letting them move to the next levels when they do need that increased feature set. So we'll apply the same techniques when we develop the PureCloud.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
The question was, talk about the adoption of the cloud in the financial sector -- oh, in the federal sector. The federal sector is, of course, has quite a few compliance need that dictates who they do business with. We're certainly looking at those. We have the JITC on our premise-based, so we know that we can -- the application can be secured to work for the government. We have the right encryption levels. We have the right features in our software. So now it's a matter of taking those standards and applying it to our data centers. So we're focusing on the base foundation first, which is our SSAE-16. That will put an ISO 27001 standards state practice on our organization. And from that, we'll start building on the different vertical segments. The first one that we've approached is PCI. We do see quite a few retailers out there that are interested in the cloud and PCI is a requirement for them, because they do process credit card information. So we'll focus on that. We also have a group that's looking at some of the government sector as well. High Tech is one of their standards that they're pursuing for cloud-based services. So it depends. It's a little bit different at the local levels, as well as the federal levels. We do have a couple of local level customers, local government customers on CaaS right now. Yes?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
Sure, sure. The question was, could you talk a little bit about the private cloud and what the demand is for the private cloud? Yes, private cloud is -- it has a couple of different requirements that produce some private cloud. There are certain companies out there that, because of their business practices, they like to see an air-gap solution. So they don't want any of their data or any of their equipment intermixed with anybody else. So nothing is shared. So we have customers that are required as pure -- just private cloud. And we use our standard architecture that we use for our regular CaaS, and deploy it for them, give them an environment in which they can grow. And also extend them the ability to do customizations. So there are certain things that they want to do with their business practice to give them a competitive edge. That is just too demanding for our standard environment, so we like to isolate them as well and give them flexibility to do the things that they need to do without impacting other customers. So it works for us, and it works for them as well.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
It's been pretty consistent. We've seen they're hugely focused on larger customers that are either in the financial or healthcare industry or I imagine the government sector as well, where they do have those strong compliancy associated with them. Yes?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
The question was, have we disclosed the largest seat deployment for our CaaS offering? Steve, do you know if we have?

Stephen R. Head
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
I have not disclosed it. It is. We have active customers that are over a couple of thousand agents now, we have some in contract that are coming up around 5,000, and some of that, are targeting over 10,000 over multiple years.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Mike Szilagyi
Correct. Okay, any other questions? Okay, thank you.
Stephen R. Head
Thanks, Mike. Next presenter today is Joe Staples, our Chief Marketing Officer, and I'm turning it over to Joe.
Joseph A. Staples
All right. Can't see upclose with glasses on, so I'll take them off. So here's the pieces that I was going to cover. One, I wanted to talk about the marketing mission, which I think will give you some flavor for how we go to market, what our emphasis is, how we're spending our marketing dollars.
Next is a bit about branding. Third is something that we call "influencing the influencers" and I'll give you more detail about that. I then thought I'd give you an update on our strategic relationships, the partnerships that we have there. And then, finally, I'll wrap up with, at least my view, and it really will be kind of one data point, but my view of the competitive assessment, what we're seeing going on in the competitive landscape. And hopefully, we'll have a couple of minutes for questions at the end.
So from a marketing standpoint, what we task our marketing employees with is really to focus on 4 areas. And focusing on those 4 areas means that we tell them, "Don't focus on things that fall outside of that." Oftentimes, you can get marketing teams to get wrapped up in helping HR, do various things, because we've got graphic designers and we have a creative people. We'd say no, this is the box that you get to color in. So it's a building brand awareness, generating sales leads that then get passed to our sales team, creating effective sales tools to help them close those deals for those leads that we gave them. And then finally, I think our group is in somewhat of a unique position to provide some good input into the development of the products and services that we produce for a couple of reasons. One, is we deal a lot with industry analysts and consultants, and we have quite a bit of interaction with customers. And so taking all of that input back into the development organization is a pretty core part of what we do.
So starting with brand building. This is an interesting one, and we certainly have --
I think impressed the industry analysts with this. We hold a quarterly web event where we produce a 1-minute -- I mean, a 1 hour and 15-minute webcast on an educational topic. So things like migrating to the cloud, social media in contact center, contact center consolidation, mobile customer service. And we promote the heck out of this. And here, you can see the registration numbers that we draw. So on average, we get about 2,500 registrants to these each quarter. And I say that we get kind of the applause from industry analysts, that's because nobody else -- you think of the people we compete with, the size of Cisco and Avaya, they don't draw anywhere near these kinds of crowds.
So we've cracked the code, we've got some promotional partners. We built the topic in a certain way. We extended, it's 1 hour and 15 minutes. We do about a 20-minute Q&A. We utilize or rely heavily on industry analysts and consultants to participate with us. And it really draws an effective crowd.
If you think of the contact center space and some of the largest contact center live events, in-person trade shows, they don't have 3,500 or 3,200 or 2,500 attendees at those. So I think we're doing something right there.
We launched the new website. A big part of our branding is around our website. We continue to drive and push traffic there, we think that that's a good vehicle for us to generate brand awareness and also to increase the conversions of people downloading assets and us converting those into leads.

Social media. We're active participants in the social media sphere and it's certainly an opportunity for us to get our brand out. So you can see some of the numbers: 4,000 Twitter followers; 46,000 video views on our YouTube channel; followers on LinkedIn, over 4,000.
So we've got a dedicated resource that focuses on our social media strategy and then the field marketing manager spread spread around the world, also are pretty active in that space.
Print ad campaigns. So print ad world has changed dramatically since I've been a marketer. Print advertising was the way to get branding. Now, there's hardly any magazines to actually advertise in anymore, and we do most of our spend in the digital world, where we're online.
But we do think that there's some real opportunity to get our message out in some of these key publications. And there are some that are very specifically targeted at our audience.
So to give you of an idea of kind of the messaging and what we're putting out, I thought I'd share with you a brief sample of some of the ads.
So we've got 4 different campaigns. We'll typically run a campaign consistently through a publication before we shift into another campaign. And each campaign will have anywhere from 2 ads to 20 ads. So it kind of depends on which one you're looking at. So the first one's called "Better Than..." or "Think of it as..." The second one focuses on our differentiators for our CaaS business. Third focuses around customer experience, which I'll tell you from a messaging standpoint, I think that's the one thing that you're going to see more and more from us, is, as we transition our business from much more of a technology play and a focus on the technology, to much more of a solutions play. Where what we're doing is helping our customers deliver this great experience to their customers.
You're going to see more of that get credited into our messaging and into the action that our employees make.
And then the fourth one is a Graffiti campaign, and I'll -- hopefully, all of those will become evident as you take a look at these. So I think I just have 1 or 2 samples of each. So on "Better than... or Think of it as...", the concept is to take something that's relevant to just about every reader and then put a twist on it, that puts it into the context of either unified communications or the contact center.
So in this case, better than an alternate route in a traffic jam. And the copy talks about there are a number of different ways that customers can contact your business, voice, e-mail, chat, fax, social media, and then it ties into the message that we have around our multichannel communication.
A couple of other things that you see very similar in all of the ads, in all of the campaigns, a very dominant brand, Interactive Intelligence, kind of slaps you in the face. You don't have to go look for that. A lot of that is based on where we are at with our brand recognition. We have a long way to go. So we're not in a position to kind of subtly put a nice little Interactive mark down at the bottom. So we kind of need to slap them in the face with it.
And then certainly, with some of these more abstract ads, we want to make sure that people are able to quickly discern, "Look, it's Interactive Intelligence and what do they do?"
And so you'll see this ribbon reused in just about all the ads that we do. So it fits on our 3 main offerings: contact center, Unified communications and business process automation, and then makes it clear that we do this cloud-based or on-premise.
The CaaS differentiator ad, this is an example of one of those we went through, and we have key messages associated with each product. And in the case of CaaS, there are certain things that the cloud does better than an on-premise offering. And then certainly, certain things that we do better with our cloud offering than what our competitors do.

Those main messages are likely communicated in these ads.
So this one is on flexibility, and how much more flexible our CaaS offering is in allowing people to ramp up users, pull down on users based on seasonality, those types of things.
So you can see it's a single word. This one talks about how you can get a faster deployment, quicker time-to-deploy with CaaS. Security talks about our trust factor and how secure our solution is, which is becoming more and more of a competitive differentiator for us.
Customer experience. Again, this one really speaks much more to the experience of the customer than the technology behind that. So that the headline there "It's not about you. It's about your customer," really tries to resonate with the Chief Customer Officer, the person running the contact center that may not be down in the operational piece but knows that they have a mandate to increase customer satisfaction scores, create greater retention for customers and repeat buyers.
And then the last campaign is -- we call it the Graffiti campaign, but very conveniently allows us to take just about any message we have, paint it on a wall or on a rock and voila, you've got an ad.
So this one starts off with our all-in-one solution and the copy then ties people into what the meaning of all-in-one is, what the benefits are. Again, commonality from the standpoint of a nice big branding of our logo mark and name and then the ribbon that distinctively talks about what we do.
So there's one on ROI. Again, it makes the creation of ads pretty easy. You just kind of come up with a new way of actually displaying it.
Influencing the influencers. This is one that I believe over time will continue to grow for us. And really, has a big, big impact on our business. If you rewound the clock, 6 or 7 years ago, we could hold a meeting with the consultants and analysts that we had relationships with. We could hold the meeting in the men's room. I mean, it was just about never. In fact, we were in a position where, if a consultant came into a deal, we kind of cringed. We didn't like it because we didn't have relationships with any of them. They didn't know about us very much, and so they tended to point the customer in a different direction.
So over the last -- really over the -- about the last 5 years, we've really looked at who influences business in our space and how can we influence them. Not influence them in a co-burglar or bribery kind of a way, but certainly the thing that's kind of a no-brainer is if they're uneducated on your products and services, they're not going to bring you up because a customer asks some more questions, they look ignorant, it's a bad deal for them.
So our initiative was twofold. Let's identify who are those influencers? Who are those people that the customers are going to and saying, "It's time for us to replace our contact center infrastructure and what should we do?" So who are those people? And then second, let's spend time and effort and money to educate them so that they can -- when the fit is right, that they can point that customer to us.
So share a few things with you, starting with kind of who those influencers are.
Certainly, there's the larger industry analysts. So Gartner, we spend a lot of time with them. Frost & Sullivan, DMG Consulting, it is very big in the cloud contact center space. Ventana Research, there's a lot in Europe. Ovum is kind of the data and analytics for our industry. Forrester, Frost & Sullivan, all influence deals. And so we spend time with them. But then going beyond that, there are these small boutique consultant organizations that are engaged maybe in just 2 or 3 projects a year. But they're the ones that are telling customers, here's what makes sense for you, here's what I recommend, here's what I suggest, here's what you should buy. And so we want to make sure that they know and understand us well.

So currently, we have over 2,100 consultants active in our consultant outreach program, where we are pushing information to them at least on a monthly basis but very often, more often than that. So new product releases, new opportunities to learn about our products. Here at this conference, I believe we have 105 consultants analysts, handful of members with the media that are here. We look at that and say, "If we can get them to sit here and kind of drink the Interactive Intelligence punch for 2.5 days, they're going to walk away certainly advocates, more than they had been in the past."
Consultant-influenced Interactive Intelligence revenue. And this is important. And this is only the stuff that we know about. So as we've gone back through and looked at closed deals, deals that where we won contracts that had consultants engaged in them, how much was that? And you can see the numbers -- the calendar years are a little bit different. But pretty much a single year here in North America and then in EMEA. And if you kind of look at our business and you take how much is product sales compared to the services piece, and how much of that is new sales, those numbers become a pretty good chunk of what we're doing. And then in 2012, we really kind of keyed back on the success that we've had in North America, and we formally launched consultant liaison programs in EMEA, Australia, New Zealand and in Japan. So we've hired consultant liaison managers in those international regions. Again, going through the process of recruiting consultants into this outreach program.
Okay. The market projections piece, always something that I think tends to interest you. You hear a lot about the cloud, and Mike just shared all the great things that we're doing in the cloud. This graph tells you why that's where we're putting our emphasis. So the blue bar shows cloud-based contact center agent position growth and the red bar shows premise-based contact center agent position growth.
So to be in a market that's growing at 2% compared to being in a market that's growing at almost 20% makes sense for us.
I love this quote. So this is from DMG Consulting.
"Most of this growth is the result of increasingly broad acceptance of the cloud-based delivery model in contact centers. End-users are simply finding it more convenient to acquire cloud-based contact center infrastructure solutions."
I mean, in 2009, it was a lot of evangelism on our part. And I for one, thank you, salesforce.com. I mean, they converted a lot of people to the cloud. They helped people say, "You know what, maybe this isn't as painful as I thought. Maybe it isn't as scary as I thought." And so companies like that that forged the way for us, we still have a lot of evangelism to do, and we still have some evangelism to do. But as DMG shows, it really is getting broader and broader acceptance.
I think if we got the 105 consultants and analysts that are here with us in the room, and said, "What would you tell your prospects about going to the cloud?" I believe every single one of them would say, "If you're making a contact center choice, you have to consider the cloud." I think every single one of them would also say, "The cloud isn't for everyone." But the recommendation that's coming from these consultants and analysts is, "You need to consider it." It's strong enough of an offering that you need to consider it.
Okay. The competitive landscape. This will be -- in the time that we have, we'll kind of cover these pretty rapidly. But let's start with the traditional guys. So Cisco, Avaya, Genesys and Aspect. Let's start with the easiest one first, which is Aspect. I just came from a session presented by a third-party analyst who said that he or she was planning on speaking at the Aspect customer conference next week and said that they could fit the people at the Aspect customer conference in a room that was probably about 3 times this size.

So a pretty small group. I mean, that's -- they're a pretty easy competitor for us to beat. The other thing that this person disclosed was, her conversation with the new CEO of Aspect which was, "Hey, my take is you've got about 1 year to turn this thing around or sell it into these parts." And according to her, she said that the CEO said, "Yes, that's about right."
So anyway, they're somebody that we don't see very often anymore and they're absolutely somebody that we won't lose to.
Cisco, I think one of the most interesting pieces there is Cisco's actually starting to make a push into the cloud. And we've -- I think rightfully so, we believe that in part, that is based on the success that we're seeing and the reaction to that. So they've launched a cloud contact center product in January of this year.
Their preference, we believe, is to sell their premise-based offering. I think their go-to-market is different than us. One of the things that we did early on was to say, "You know what, we're not going to rely on a third-party to deploy our cloud solution. We're going to bite the bullet, we're going to invest in the data centers, and we're going to kind of control our own destiny with this." That's a bit different than the tact that Cisco is taking.
On the premise side with Cisco, we still see the contact center being left for later at the Cisco sales team. So they'll go in and they'll sell and enterprise unified communication solution, and the contact center will come up, and oftentimes, the Cisco people will say, "Let's deal with that later." Because they don't want to slow down what can be a pretty big deal for them on the UC side. And I think we're the benefactors of that. We'll come back in and say, "You know what, because you have Cisco-UC deployed doesn't mean Cisco is your only choice for the contact center. And if we can get in there, we'd do well.
Avaya, also making some announcements relative to cloud offerings, but we think it's completely defensive. But it is, if I've got to do this, if you're making me do it, we'll figure out a way of deploying it for you. But not core to their strategy, and certainly not where they see their growth happening.
On the premise side, the market share that they have and incumbency are the 2 things that they have going for them more than, really than anything else.
Genesys, who, as you know, came out from under the Alcatel-Lucent umbrella and now owned by a private equity firm, probably the most interesting dynamic for them is I saw a picture of the executive team at Genesys, so 5 people, that was taken a year ago. And in that picture, there are now 2 of those 5 that are still there. So I think they're still going through quite a bit of churn. They do use some things in the cloud. Our ability to beat them is mainly focused around the architecture of our offering compared to theirs. They do a nice job in very complex environments, and we think they can present a much more straightforward option when somebody is looking for multichannel ACD routing and queuing and predictive dialing.
Some of the newer guys that we're certainly seeing more and more often as we sell more cloud-based offerings would be 8x8, who acquired Contactual, Five9 and inContact. The contactual offering from 8x8 really is something that we bumped into with our CaaS small center offering. It's really designed and they're -- they will even tell customers that their client was designed for those small contact centers. So we'll see them down with CaaS small center, but never see them up in these larger deals.
Five9 scales up a little bit higher. But again, we see them mainly in the small ones. InContact is one that we see a lot of. If we looked at differentiation between us and them, first of all, our size, our financial strength would be one that our salespeople would use. The fact that we have the technology that we deploy for customers is our own. They rely on others. As an example, Verint on the workforce management side. They rely on a third-party for their predictive dialer. So they're -- we see them in more deals, but we're pretty confident as we go up against them that we can win.

Another quote from DMG Consulting, and this one really goes to the Cisco, Avaya, Genesys, Aspect folks.
"DMG does not believe that the premise-based contact center infrastructure vendors are positioned to do anything to prevent their customers from moving to the cloud."
Which is, that's their objective. I mean, if they had their wish, if it was a birthday cake and they got to blow out the candles, it would be, "Let's make this cloud stuff go away," because it's breaking their business model. And as DMG says, it's not going to happen. This thing is moving in that direction and there isn't anything they can do to stop it.
So in some defensive format, they're having to figure out, okay, how do we adapt?
And then key strategic alliances. So I'll give you a brief snapshot of each of these. Microsoft. So we're a close partner with them on where we run in the contact center and Microsoft Lync runs in the enterprise. It changes our sales strategy. When we go in with Microsoft, we tell a bit of a different story to a customer. We're very willing to concede the enterprise fees with business telephony piece to them. They're our partner going in and we'll take the contact center.
We've got, I believe, about 85 sales of CIC integrated with Microsoft Lync. One of the analysts that's year, Jim Burton [ph], says that that is more than any other vendor. So that puts the 85 into somewhat of contacts there.
Salesforce, you saw the demo this morning of our integration there. We're doing some cool things with them to be able to do keyword analysis and fire off chatter sessions and pull information out of their database. As an organization, Salesforce is a bit more challenging for us to navigate. Their business is growing. They're kind of focused on their own thing, so the collaboration of them bringing us into deals, us bringing them into deals, is less than it is just -- they're deployed in a lot of places, we go in, and we show our Salesforce integration as a competitive differentiator against competitors who either don't have one or have one that's not as well-built.
IBM, a long relationship with them. They actually resell our products and we're seeing them bring us into some significant-sized opportunities.
Oracle, we think we've got the closest partnership with Oracle of any contact center vendor. We've actually integrated with 3 different product lines of theirs. So Oracle Siebel, the CX Cloud Service, which was the right-now piece, and then a new offering called Oracle Fusion. And we have integrations done and complete with the first 2, and well under development on the one with Fusion.
And finally, Polycom, used for the endpoints with our solutions. And Polycom just has a -- a, a broad reach out into the market and, b, they've got a great name. They're nicely respected as a company when it comes to end customers. And so collaboration between our sales team and their sales team tends to open up doors and allows us to find some new opportunities.
All right. We've got 5 minutes. Questions?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Joseph A. Staples
I don't think we're seeing -- I'm going to answer the last one first. I don't think we're seeing Cisco, hardly at all. But I think we recognize that that will change. I mean, there's some competitors on there that I -- so Aspect, as an example. I told you we hardly ever see them. A year from now, I don't think we'll hardly ever see them. Cisco, I think we will see more and more. I think that they have come to the point where they say, "We believe that the cloud piece is going to take off and is moving." And they're doing something about it. So I think we'll see more of them. Differentiators with inContact, certainly the size of the deal comes into play. inContact has been pretty hesitant in disclosing publicly their average deal size, but we know that a bulk of their stuff gets sold into what would compete with our CaaS small center opportunities. So if the opportunity is sizable, we'll line up large deal after deal after deal, and believe that they're coming in with relatively few references there. From a technology standpoint, there's the concept that -- I'm not getting too technical here, but that we run on isolated virtual machines for every customer. inContact's a multi-tenanted environment and we believe there's some security differences there. And then the one -- the other one that I mentioned was that we own all of that technology. We developed it and aren't relying on third parties for core pieces like predictive dialing or workforce management.

Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Joseph A. Staples
So if you look at our traditional competitors and how we compare to them, that's what I'm doing. And how we compare to them in our marketing activities relative to theirs, they outspend us. So we underspend them. That's one big difference. I think some of the things that we've done differently than them is we've focused on a lot of content marketing and thought leadership. So we produced, even given the relative size difference, we produced a lot of educational material. If you look at those web events that we drive prospects to, we never sell -- we're not talking to them about anything that has anything to do with our product. We never say, and with CIC, you can do this. We're talking to them about relative concepts in terms and things that they grapple with from an education or a thought perspective. And I think we do that better than the people that we compete with. And I think the other thing is we've got a bit more of an edge to us from the standpoint of they're very traditional. I mean, big iron, Avaya can trace its roots back 107 years. They're traditional big vendors and we've been able to differentiate ourselves as more innovative, more flexible, easier to do business with. We had a panel discussion at lunch today with 4 customers on the panel. And one of them said -- the question was asked, "How did they select Interactive Intelligence?" And one of them essentially said, "It was how nimble and flexible they were as a vendor." And I thought, "Man, if you got that as a message, hallelujah." Because that's the message that we're trying to send.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Joseph A. Staples
Yes. So then, it's interesting. So the question is, how do we compare to the people that are trying to disrupt us? The nice thing is, we've been there because we went through that innovator's dilemma and we've disrupted those big guys, so we know what -- how the game is played. But the world has changed. I mean, then we're standing up and we're saying, 5,000 customers. We're talking about Intuit and Philips and Motorola and all of these big wins, and we're trying to position ourselves as the safer choice in some of those prospects. Mike [ph], do you have a question?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Joseph A. Staples
I don't know. I think that there are a number of small companies that we probably don't even know about that are disrupting us or trying to disrupt us, that I probably couldn't pinpoint or name one. Yes.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Joseph A. Staples
So the question is, how much of the market is influenced by consultants? It's all dependent on size. So as we go upmarket, if we look at a -- one of the benchmarks that we always use is a $250,000 deal. There will be a consultant in that deal the majority of the time. In a $1 million deal, there will be a consultant or an analyst in there every single time. So as we go upmarket, they are absolutely in there a large, large portion of the time. Down to lower-end, CaaS small center, 50 agents and below, people aren't going to pay for consultants. So this has been an important part of our strategy as we move that market.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Joseph A. Staples
The mix between customers and prospects is probably about 8:1 customers. So we got a nice group of prospects. They're here and continue to grow that.
Unknown Analyst
I feel like I have one question [indiscernible], just a question on [indiscernible].
Joseph A. Staples
Give me one second. I actually think I brought it with me here. Yes. So as far as seats, to put it in perspective, so in 2013, there are about 1.8 million cloud contact center seats. And there are 16.7 million premise-based contact centers. So even though the cloud contact center space is growing at a much, much faster rate, this year, it will be about 11% of the total seats out there.

Donald E. Brown
Okay. Our next presenters, Gary Blough, our EVP for Worldwide Sales; and Paul Weber, VP for North America Sales. So, gentlemen, ready?
Gary R. Blough
Joe, as a reminder, we're being webcast. What do you think I'd say is -- we can go a little further than this room. Anyway, I'm Gary Blough, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales. To my right, Paul Weber. We're going to split this. My focus is -- well, let's start. Paul's focus is on North America. So he's going to bring some color to and specifics to what we're doing here in North America, how we're winning, those types of things. I'm going to focus on all of our non-North American business. So that's why 2 of us are here, so we'll split this. I'm going to start just with a little overview on what we're going to try to accomplish in the next 30 minutes. And we're going to talk about the current activity in spending trends, spend a little time on what has -- what we've seen change in the last year. I'll talk about how we get invited to deals and to deals that maybe we weren't getting invited to some time ago; who we compete against and why we win; and we'll talk a little bit about recent wins in both our hosted or our cloud-based business, as well as our premises business.
And I thought I would start off with -- this is an excerpt from goals and directions that we publish as an organization at the beginning of each year. And those goals this year include, we wanted to continue to grow, outpace the market. Our target is, we want to grow at a clip of at least 20% this year.
We want to achieve a deployment mix where cloud becomes at least 50% of our new software sales in 2013. We want to be the top vendor in new cloud-based contact center seats in 2013. And then we want to expand into key international geographies. I'll talk a little bit about those expansions and where they are.
What we're doing as an organization, as a sales organization, we really divided ourselves into 2 pieces, of sales and sales operations. And we believe this is a deployment model, a methodology that we've developed that works very well inside of North America. It works very well in the areas around the world, and we have worldwide coverage but in areas around the world that we operate today. And it works exceptionally well when we choose to expand into another region.
As an example, we're looking at some regions that we haven't focused on in the past. In EMEA, we would take this methodology and overlay it onto that country or onto that region, and have a model whereby we can deploy, we know how we want to staff all of those sorts of things. That includes expanding through a combination of either acquisitions or organic growth. It includes looking at both indirect and direct sales.
If you take a look at our indirect versus direct sales, inside of North America, we are right at 50-50 with direct, indirect. Outside of North America, in some marketplaces, we'll be as much as 100% indirect, where we're counting on partners to help us with local languages, local customs, whatever they would be, to be successful in those markets.
The direct sales, with Interactive Intelligence, we, as of course say, a combination of partners, but then we have different roles within our organization, including territory managers for both the contact center and the mid-market segments of the market. We have strategic account managers, many times referred to as major account managers in other organizations, and our partner managers, and then we developed what we call our small center sales as well, with an inside sales group that are focusing directly on those smaller, up-to-50 contact center seats. A piece of the market we had a fear that we were not accurately addressing as recently as the beginning of this year, we created the small center sales group so that we want to make sure that we're not ignoring portions of the market that can be profitable and valuable to us.

And then we developed a sales operations team. The sales operations team are more on the technical size side in most cases. But they include 3 sales systems engineers, inside sales, RFP teams, partner teams, CaaS specialists, so people who are specializing on those cloud-based opportunities with us, and then strategic consulting, whereby we'll go into key opportunities with a team of people who have call center management, call center development experience, and can go in with a real understanding of how things need to be deployed and how companies can be successful. We found that to be a very, very strategic part, a very, very profitable part, a good part of our business and our sales operations group.
Where our people are in 2013. We've got 50-50. This is the sales in sales operations, 56% in North America, 29% in EMEA, 12% in the Japan, Asia, Australia, New Zealand and APAC regions, and 3% in Latin America.
Now to show you onto some of the emphasis we have on growing regions outside of North America, some of the growth that we saw in 2012, we had a 19% -- just under 20% growth in North America in those 2 teams, sales and sales operations. 68% growth in EMEA. Now that's a by-product of a couple of acquisitions that we did there, of partners, one in the Netherlands and one in South Africa. So we did put on quite a few headcount -- or expanded our headcounts there by a considerable amount. And Japan, Australia, and New Zealand and Asia Pacific, 44% growth, and 25% growth in Latin America. So you can see the emphasis that we're putting on growing, not only the North American business, but the non-North American business as well.
We'll continue that through this year. We're looking at about a 25% growth across the board in sales and sales operation headcount.
Contribution to the revenues in 2011 versus 2012. You can see it's very close to the same. Things have not changed too much. Asia Pacific is identically the same. North America has gone up, but just a little bit. But what we're doing is -- I see this as a testament to or a confidence factor that we are growing our business across the world and not just in one region. That gives us a lot of stability of there are economic downturns, as we're experiencing in some parts of Europe right now.
So we want to make sure that we have a good, stable business that's going to grow. It's a grow and weather impact of what may be an economic downturn, or something that happens in a certain part of the world.
In 2012, you've seen this figure before, but our orders -- our worldwide orders were up 48%. So we're experiencing good growth within the orders growth at Interactive Intelligence.
Order statistics. In 2012 -- or on 2011, orders over $1 million, 17% of the 2011, 42% in 2012, for a 147% increase. So a nice increase, and satisfying one of our objectives of going upmarket on the size of orders.
Orders over $250,000, not including, of course, the ones over $1 million, we have 116 versus 96, 21% growth there. New customers, we were right on target. That's a key tracking factor that we look at all the time. We want to make sure that we're growing what we call and we refer to as new logos. Because there is a statistic within Interactive Intelligence, that when we get a new company, 95% of the time, they will buy additional software within the first 12 months of their initial acquisition. So it's a nice factor for follow-on growth for the organization.
Average customer order. This is -- I'm not sure a statistic I would use too commonly because with our movement into the cloud-based business, these are order numbers that's gone up considerably. So it's gone up to 64% from $267 million to $440 million. But then we take a look at the premises growth, premises follow-on, premises overall, and then the cloud growth. Of course, the real growth is in the cloud-based business. And again, we're focusing on that.

We certainly don't ignore the premises-based implementations and opportunities, because some companies just want to go in that direction. But as a company, we're looking to have about 50% of our new software orders in 2013 to be in the cloud-based business.
And then in Q1 2013, we had 8 orders. This was just announced a week ago yesterday, 8 orders over $1 million, 31 orders between $250,000 and $1 million. So the trend seems to continue and has continued through and into Q1 of 2013.
I'm going to turn it over to Paul real quick and let him talk about some of the things we're doing in North America and why we believe we're winning here. So, Paul?
Paul Weber
All right. Not to contradict my direct boss, but mix of direct and indirect in North America, nothing really has changed here, it's still 63%, new -- direct -- I'm sorry, yes, direct, 37% through the partners. The difference there is that a lot of the cloud business, especially the high-end cloud business, is at this point, coming direct.
Our partners, we were just meeting with them. They're doing things to realize the value of their company with recurring revenue versus one-time. We have made some changes to how they -- we compensate the partners so that they can compensate upfront.
They're in a lot of these deals, you're seeing them everywhere. They just had the most significant change in the market, it's just that. So they're coming around, but it's not going to happen right away.
We do lead with our cloud offering, as opposed to going in either-or. We really -- we are -- our competitive edge with the cloud space is so significant, and the fact that if somebody insists on premise, we can always fall back to that.
The best way for us to win and get in first place, which we do very quickly, is to lead with the cloud. We do continue to build strategic partnerships and where a lot of our business is coming from are the likes of Salesforce. Salesforce.com, as you all know, are in a lot of contact center deals. They do not have an offering of their own. They have 5 partners. And I think it's a good thing. So they come in and they say, "Look at these 5 guys." Obviously, we're one of them, InContact, Five9, some kind of smaller players. We have not seen -- I was asked yesterday with the media, have you seen anything with Genesys and their cloud?" And we really have not.
We see Genesys go in, proposing a cloud solution or at least talking cloud. And when it comes down to what they propose, they more likely will come through with an IBM-managed service, premise-type solution. Their other 2 options are still out there, one via AT&T and one via Verizon. I'm not seeing much of this new thing at all.
So Salesforce brings us in these deals. We immediately get in a lead if it's a significant deal, 100 agents and above. And we're doing really well. Our integration to Salesforce and to Microsoft Lync is an extreme competitive advantage as well.
So when they talk about having this integration in screen-top, we really do blow them away. If you were in this morning's session, I don't know if you all were or not, you got a taste of that.
We take that -- we've taken this idea of doing integrations and that we made it probably the most significant development group within our company, and it really wins business for us.
IBM. We love them, we hate them, we compete with them. Whatever is -- the deal drives it, right? So IBM has brought us into some recent -- recently brought us into some very significant deals. The individuals out of Canada, which is our call center influence group, I feel our relationship is really jumping up to a new level. They're not interested in implementing or supporting the software, or even doing customization-type work. They do like the idea that we're doing all of these global implementations of cloud-based contact centers. For some of these very big-name companies like Philips Medical and the idea that they can go in and do more of a real strategic change management-type consulting is very attractive to them. It's attractive to us because if we want to go and enable IBM from a services perspective, we kind of have been down that path. Just missing -- the goals are just conflicting, right? Everybody's trying to make money on each part. They really have become a decent partner. And then other times like at Kohl's, I think you all are aware of, we competed with Genesys partnering with IBM. We're okay with that.

Microsoft. We -- or I'm sorry, Oracle, they have end of life, their telephony-at-work platform. We believe that we are well-positioned to potentially become the platform that they demonstrate Fusion on when they bring in all their customers for their big visit. That's a huge direction for them after buying right now. We have a very strong integration with Oracle as well. And where we gain a lot of the credibility there is a level below the salespeople, but more into system or sales engineering, and it's starting to generate some pretty strong business.
Microsoft Lync. The only change with Microsoft Lync and how we work with them, is, I know you all are aware of our mid-market team, that we really are at the communications platform, UC or IP PBX replacement. Now those -- that team of ours in North America is leading with CaaS, and when they go into an opportunity that says, they have 60 agents and 200 business users, as opposed to just coming in and saying, "You have to buy our communications platform as a whole?" They're asking, "Are you a Link partner or a customer? If you are, why don't we just do a contact center? You can do  Lync for voice." That PBX piece for us is not critical, the complex problem-solving is. So we're kind of letting them take in the shackles off them a bit and let them go with that market and partner with Microsoft.
We do continue to recruit from a partnering perspective. A lot of the Lync voice partners and anybody cloud or peer cloud-related, is where we're focusing our channel partner recruiting efforts, as opposed to going out and getting the old traditional telecom guys.
Verticals have not changed a whole lot other than we're killing it in this healthcare exchange market. It's where the states are taking on their own ability to sell insurance or deliver insurance. We are really doing well there. We're doing well there through a couple of 3 very strategic partners that are bringing us in.
We continue to do well, anything insurance-related. The other change, I would say, that we had been doing very well in the past few years in utilities and energy-related, we are starting to see some of those companies come in and look at a cloud offering, which is kind of new.
The other new potential vertical is hospitality management. At this show, we have 3 different, big hospitality chains that are looking to completely revamp customer service. And again, the same things are driving those guys. They do really want to have a video solution. They really do want to have this next-gen social. They want to have something on the iPhone, and they've been running the same old stuff forever. In the early days, they would buy whoever had that -- the hotel package and all that, they'd get the call center. It's kind of old stuff, so we're starting to see some activity there.
From a market segmentation perspective or a sales perspective, you all know we have been moving upmarket, so we have been promoting territory managers into major account spots. So somebody is working in Indianapolis as a territory manager, doing both channel and direct. They land a very large customer. They become promoted to a major account person. We back-fill them with a territory manager, so we don't lose sight of that mid-market, those beautiful $250,000 to million-dollar deals. And then from there, from an expansion perspective, we are allowing that major account person to hire strategic account development people to work for them.
So a lot of that our growth, as we look at next year and with the start we're off to this year, we are planning right now for a big jump in targets, right? So in order to do that, we look at a couple of different ways. We're obviously a geographic expansion, so whether -- we're adding actual new regions. But now that the mid-market group is succeeding in selling a cloud-based solution, where their average contract can be $500,000 instead of $82,422, we are going to be able to expand them as well. And then we will continue to add territory managers across the board, because now, a territory manager truly can do $3 million to $5 million by doing a decent-sized premise deal and 2 or 3 cloud deals. So that deal then, when we are more of a startup phase, we truly did have areas in the country that we are just working from a point of scarcity.

Northern California. We -- until 2 years ago, we did not do well there. But now, I mean, Don and I have been out there 3 times in the last 8 months. We have big-name technology companies and we're taking them down one at a time. Not all cloud, by the way. A couple of -- I'm not going to name names. So a couple of recent pretty big brand-new super-progressive technology companies, they bought premise. And again, I prefer cloud, but we don't care in the end, right? So that -- and talking just a little bit about -- I don't know what we pulled out on some of these, but let me just finish on that. The mid-market, so we will expand small center. Why are we excited about small center? We -- I believe we're going to win a very nice deal in Silicon Valley.
It's a medical equipment company similar to maybe a Philips. But the lead came by some guy, being a CEO on an airplane, pulled out the small center ad, walked into a company that's not even very far from here in Illinois, and said, "Why aren't you looking at these guys?" So that idea of getting our name out and just really being able to do, maybe a year from now, 50 or 60 of these new logo companies. What percentage of those are really going to grow into the big market? Hopefully, a lot, right? So we are excited about coming from the bottom up. We've done the upmarket and we're also going to have -- I wouldn't say flood the market. We are going to increase headcount at that mid-market because we do have the business out there.
You heard Joe talk about the percentage of suits that are cloud versus premise. That's a huge market for us. And if you throw that on top of the Genesys base, the Aspect base and the Avaya base, it's just end-of-life where we'll compete and win a good percentage. We think that market is really significant.
Just other Canadian. From strategic initiatives, you may remember that we did do a partnership with Rogers Telecom up in Canada about a year ago. And we did set them up with our people to run their own cloud-based offering for Rogers customers, most of which are the federal government of Canada. And we did some presentations up there. They did a pretty big significant upfront commitment. And now, they have filled those seats for that commitment. And we have a person that works for us, that is a business development person who has teamed with an internal Rogers person, and they are really doing well. They really have a captive audience of a contracted federal government space that has 12,000 feeds out there running, what they told me, I'd said, "What do you run?" They said, "Think of the oldest, most disjointed stuff you've ever heard of, and that's what we have." Right? So we have a great effort that we're succeeding in right now, and they also have a really significant prospect with them here, that Rogers brought in -- nevermind. I keep forgetting we're webcasting. It's a big prospect in as well. So we're excited about that. We are also doing our own data centers. Mike [ph] probably talked about that in Canada, because we still need to have a direct answer for global sites and not in Rogers as well.
Channel growth, I'd touched on this. The difference in our channel growth is that, again, we are interested in more of a cloud partner that does more of referrals then wants to get in the space and make a name for themselves.
We have, however, recently signed one of Avaya's largest call center. I think, Avaya's largest call center partner in North America, and I will name them. They're -- it's NACR owned by Converge One. They are a big, big-time player in the call center space. And we are very excited about their commitment to our market. The did acquire one of our top partners, and so they have the expertise.
So we are excited about that. But from a recruiting perspective, we really like what we have. We have a core group of channel partners in North America, and we are going to put resources in this to make them better. I'm not going to fix any more partners. We're not going to convince anymore partners why they should come on board. We're really trying to spend our time and energy on the ones that already get it. And then as the NACRs come along, we'll go that route as well.

That one was the one I was going to take off.
Just on some of the large opportunities. Again, we get asked a lot. All these big deals, are they all CaaS? I'd say they're all looking at CaaS, but they don't all go CaaS, right? So looking at the -- our salesforce.com, when you look at a big deal to small, yes, a lot of the large opportunities are CaaS, but again, we have seen these switch back to premise or their own cloud, and they just decide to buy it, and I don't think we've really seen a necessary trend that is happening less often. I think that on the high end there is going to be a mix of companies that are going to look at cloud, get that bid, but still end up going premise. And again, I think we're obviously fine with that. That scalable all-in-one base solution, you knew of some of our, like a really big Q4 win, that was premise-based, that was your traditional win of -- they had 10 -- 8, 10 different systems they were upgrading. And they basically said, "Well, we can either upgrade this or we can spend x and go to an all-in-one platform that will get us to the next-gen customer service, that will allow us to incorporate video, that will allow us to do mobile app, that whole bit." And we are seeing a lot more of those types of opportunities as well.
Hybrid versus the traditional cloud. There is a lot of concern about cloud out there, right? People have been burned. They're afraid their marriage is too strong, right? And we kind of go in and say, "You know, we kind of have a hybrid solution. If you want to keep your data on your side, you can. If you want to manage your voice, we don't care. But we're going to get the system up and running. We're going to prove it. The Five9's reliability is going to be on us. You guys can't sue your IT department, right? You can't fire them. This is all we do. From a security perspective, we're way ahead of the competition and typically ahead of what an internal company can do for themselves, an internal IT group. So that idea of a hybrid solution is, obviously, boding very well.
Security, we do believe that when -- especially when we get through this summer, we're going to take security and really make that a competitive advantage as well. So we are going to publish our security data on a site just like we do Testlab at ININ, and we are going to use that as a thought-leader-type competitive advantage as well. We have found, again, that some of these big, new customers in Northern California in the technology space, we would come in, and they would have this list of questions for security. We would answer them immediately, and they would kind of come to us and say, "Hey, so how did you find out all that stuff out? How do you know so much about that?" Because there really is a new, very real fear and concern, and we feel that we can take that and make that a competitive advantage as well.
Next gen/mobility story, I don't know, 2 years ago, it was a discussion in a board meeting. Last year, it was kind of cool at our kick-off meeting when we were talking about, "Oh, what if this next generation, our kids didn't want to call your IVR? And what if everybody did everything on the iPhone?" And I don't know if any you were in there this morning or if you'll be around for the end of it. This is extremely real. And when you're talking to the VPs of customer care, especially of big traditional businesses, this is what scares them more than anything because they've spent a gazillion dollars all around the phone, and then they finally took a step to email and sometimes with chat. And now these smaller competitors that are coming to us are going to come out with a product that, on your iPhone, you basically pop an IM at them, and they come back over some different options of when you might chat, and at that point, you might do video or you might not talk at all. Or when that happens and that goes into that customer service center, they know how that call came in, what they did, what types of steps. They know everything about them. They may have authenticated it via Facebook. They know all our information along with that. This is what keeps up the big -- the VPs or customer care of these big companies awake. It really does scare them, and it should as you all know. So that part has really gone from a doing what to do well as a company, right, which is trying to figure out what's next in the contact center space and get ahead of it. Don and his team are obviously really great at that. That one's been a major home run. Bay Bridge, backing up a little, I think you've already heard about that acquisition. But Bay Bridge, people love it because, first of all, their main competitor is a spreadsheet. So it's not an established market. It does have a very strong ROI, and their customer base, they have not had the support behind them that they will now that they're part of I3. Their customer base is extremely impressive and extremely happy. And it takes a story of ours on a workforce scheduling, and it fills the void for us. So that was a great acquisition. How am I doing, Steve? On time?

Why we're winning and who we're competing with in North America. Not a whole lot of change from probably the last time we presented to you all. We see, on the cloud, we see the little guys, inContact, Five9, every once in a while, some of the carrier-based partners, not a whole lot there. We've not seen anything significant from the big guys other than a lot of press releases, and I'm sure they're working on their stories to get something going. So our win percentage in the cloud space is still significantly higher than it ever was. On the premise side, I do believe that people are starting to make decisions on that whole Nortel,  Avaya thing. They had time for that whole story to kind of sink in of -- it really is going this way. They're to going to change their direction. I don't think they'll -- and the market's been really received as far as a great future direction for Avaya contact center, so we are seeing some good replacement there. Aspect's the same, still very vulnerable, small end. It's -- we're really shifting to the cloud, so it's really back to the same cloud players. That it? Questions?
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible] it's almost back in [ph] 90% [indiscernible] how does the pipeline look and [indiscernible] visibility [indiscernible]
Paul Weber
I mean, our visibility is we track, obviously opportunity buy size and deployment type. We track, on a weekly basis, new opportunities added to the pipeline. And that is our biggest indicator. You have your number of forecasted of business upside, which is businesses not completely locked up and you have a chance of winning it and then you have your old pipeline. The difference with having our pipeline managed the way it is now versus the old systems was that salesforce.com did a visibility right to Steve or Don or Gary. So people don't tend to put stuff in the pipeline with big numbers to make them feel good or to try to kid their boss because we can go in there and know when they talked, when they went there last and asked [ph] . So visibility wise, overall, we really have a very strong grasp on what type of opportunities are coming. We know in what verticals we win very well. We know that in the cloud, probably we're going to win at even a higher percentage. So as to why we're comfortable with 20%, I'm a sales guy. My quote is higher than 20%, but we feel that the business momentum, our reputation in the market, now what percentage is that [ph] ?
Gary R. Blough
Internationally, yes, as an organization, what Paul covered off as far as our visibility into the pipeline we use salesforce.com, and we've got very good visibility. And we use that religiously now to make sure that we're on top of it, including reports of where things have moved in and out of forecast range, pipeline and some categories that we use. So our visibility is really good. Overall, as we look out a couple of months into third quarter and into fourth quarter, the pipelines are certainly there to substantiate at least that 20% growth. So we feel confident that we're on another good run for it, a good solid year in 2013.
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible]
Gary R. Blough
Good. You know what I -- I'm sorry. All right. The question was, is that we were -- we just have converted a premises space that Interactive Intelligence [indiscernible] customer to a cloud base, Interactive Intelligence customer, and it was a very nice sale for us. That sales in North America, so I'm going to let Paul respond to what he sees as a trend and if there's anything left out from international perspective, I will also come in.
Paul Weber
Yes, we do have -- we did a session today, I believe, on premise-based customers interested in looking at going to the cloud. I have no idea on percentages. I do know that the call center, thinking about from a contact center perspective, if you were a CIO and a CEO and saying, "You need to do some of the cloud. I've been reading about it. It really looks great." Contact center's a natural for it, right? Again, we get to leave the data onsite. We handle the SLAs. We handle security, right? They have their own data security, but we are guaranteeing that. IT departments are swamped, and now you take that and you throw on the idea that you go to this IT group and say, "Hey, by the way, thanks for putting in that premise-based system, but we really want to do this mobility play, and we want to do it now." That's tough to react, right? So it's not so much that they don't want to deal with IT. It's -- IT is looking at and going, [ph] Man, if they're going do something cloud based, contact center makes sense. So we do think there's an opportunity there. We are going to do some specialists from an internal perspective to work on those deals next year because one thing I can't have or we can't have is a new logo business dropping because we're swapping from premise to CaaS. So we're going to train, basically, an inside group that will go out. And when that customer calls and says, "Hey, I have that interest." They're going to go, and they're going to have the ROI information. They're going to know all the pricing and all that, and we're going to attack it that way.

Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible]
Paul Weber
On the new logo -- the question was, why was the new logo account relatively flat last year. I would say that last year, we did see a significant increase in the size of the individual opportunities. We were not staffed at the beginning of last year to handle that and a significant new logo growth. So it's just a natural thing when somebody's working on $3 million deals, with 2 years ago, they might have been working on $0.5 million and 7 or 8 $200,000 deals. They are going to work on those deals. So that's where the staff increase is going to happen. And then the other question was, if we had pure cloud.
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible]
Paul Weber
Yes, I mean, if it were everything that it's going to be when it gets out, the cost -- one of the things about pure cloud is that idea of that storage, that's a big significant cost. If we can lower that price point in the market, which we should be able to do, yes, I think we'll be able to sell heck of a lot more. We can't wait to have that.
Gary R. Blough
Just real quick on the -- from the international perspective on the new logo growth, I think what we saw was a little bit of a swing of the pendulum on the acquisitions that we made, the assimilation of those companies into Interactive Intelligence. We didn't see the new logos coming out of a couple of areas, South Africa, Germany, Netherlands, that we thought we would, that we had seen in the past. So we're seeing that pendulum swing back to where we'd like it to be, so I believe we'll see that in a more positive light in 2013. Yes?
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible]
Paul Weber
Yes. So the question was that I had mentioned that when the -- in the partner community, we have -- for our select partners that qualify, we will pay a percentage of the fees upfront, which will enable them to pay their salespeople and absorbed sales costs upfront. We started that maybe 6 months ago or so, and we are -- that was just with our key partners. Yes, the pipeline is growing there.
Unknown Attendee
In terms of repeat orders with some of your customers, can you just -- what does an average customer look like? And some of the larger deals you're winning, Sallie Mae or Kohl's, is this one deal and done? Or do you anticipate there is business [ph] [indiscernible] ?
Paul Weber
So the questions is on a larger ideal, what is the potential for add-on business? Almost -- it is almost always you're accomplishing some immediate task with a big back end. Now the certainty of these deals you mentioned, some of them did buy a lot of it upfront. There's still going to always be add-on software. They're certain of those solutions and a lot of times with the cloud, where we go in and we win one contact center, and they've selected us as a standard, but they still have to justify it and sell it internally in a lot of these different places. And that's where these guys that work for the major account person, that's how they're compensated, is to go out into those other departments and say, "Hey, we proved it in this pilot. We have a contract. You guys should get on board."
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible] one more question. [indiscernible] 20% order growth, how is that coming from customer initiative [ph] [indiscernible]
Paul Weber
This year, I mean, we'll -- our new logo, North America numbers in Q1 were up I believe. So across the board, we have -- we are starting to see a higher volume. Our mid-market group did 29 new logos in Q1. They probably did 10 Q1 of last year. So I hope it'll keep it somewhat even, but these big deals are going to swing that a little bit. My -- I will tell you, one of my biggest initiatives, again, talking about that CaaS to premise -- I mean, premise to CaaS, we've had a time 7 years ago when we made our number, but those new logos weren't hitting. We're not going to let that happen again. Now we are -- our compensation, everything is driven towards new logos.

Stephen R. Head
Thanks, Gary and Paul. And give us just a couple of minutes. We have a few folks here for a customer panel, so we'll get situated.
Okay, we're continuing with the presentations. We had 4 people scheduled, but 3 are here. We have Jeff Elder from Nelnet; Jeff Miller from Regus; and Jim Stover from Emerson Climate Technologies. And what I'd like to do in this session is have each of them just spend a few minutes talking about themselves first and then, really, most of this, leave it open for questions that you have. So I gave them this kind of outline before. Just, I'm putting it up here as a reminder. Kind of talk a little bit about themselves, their role, what they've been doing with Interactive, for Premise or CaaS and some other comments relative to Interactive just to get it started. So we'll let Jeff, first, you up start and take it from there.
Jeffrey Miller
My name is Jeff Miller. I'm with Regus. I'm the Director of Global Sales business global [ph] reporting to the sales organization.
So we purchased I3 back in 2011 for that first country in September 2011. We currently, to date, have 30 countries live all throughout the Americas EMEA and Asia Pac. We are a on-premise but pretty much built in the private cloud, so we don't really have on-premise what it's been [ph] that kind of reach our [ph] contact centers throughout but it would of [ph] our own private cloud. And as far as volume goes, today, we have a little over 300 inside salespeople on the system. Future growth plans, we have 2 more countries in the process of going live, Brazil and Japan. And then, we have 10 more countries lined up behind them. On future growth, we're looking at bringing on our field sales organization, which would put us probably in the neighborhood of around 1,500 salespeople inside deal [ph] operating. Can't count how countries yet. We operate in 100 countries. We're not exactly sure how many of those countries we will not be able to support. Very likely, there'll be some countries. It's structure wise is just not feasible, but the top 50, 60 countries, we expect we'll have our employees live on the Interactive platform.
Stephen R. Head
Jim?
Jim Stover
My name is Jim Stover, and I'm actually just -- I'm the technical guy for Emerson Climate Technologies. We're located in Sidney, Ohio. I'm responsible for not only the Interactive business, also our phone and voicemail [indiscernible] . So we have recently -- Well, I guess I should say, recently Emerson Corporate decided that Interactive would be the corporate standard for the enterprise-sized contact center applications deal [ph] . And we currently have and are certain to migrate from a Cisco Contact Center Express. And we are approaching that limit for our agents to assess if they're capable of handling [indiscernible] . So far, we only have probably about 60 or 70, 80 converted, and were -- basically a test pilot that we did was a distribution services organization we found at Milford [ph] Indiana. They've been very happy with it, and I will be very happy if I can do some changes to it. But the goal is to migrate from the system to [indiscernible] because those servers go into support. So certainly, after this conference, when I get back, it'll hopefully, get [indiscernible] straightened out and then satisfied. We will start that migration process. And we have approximately about 250 to 300 people, depending on whether we keep it rolling or not.
Emerson Climate exploited in the contact center [indiscernible] . We've only been involved in this probably just about 4 years, and we're not nearly fairly mature, I guess, I should say. We're not [indiscernible] for instance, as mature at this time. But as we grow, I'm sure that we'll confident [indiscernible] want us to do. So we're quite happy with the Interactive solution that provides the expertise for doing that [indiscernible] . Other than that, there's been a lot of training for [indiscernible] we have [indiscernible] training department to do it. But with Cisco, help [ph] was good technically. Sometimes, it's hard to get. We've been very happy with what we've been seeing from Interactive, and we look forward to growing this [indiscernible] .

Jeff Elder
Good afternoon. I'm Jeff Elder. I'm an IT Director at Nelnet. I saw Sallie Mae up there in the slide earlier. They're our competition for anyone that knows our business. And by the way, we had our system 3 years before they did. So they're trying to catch up. So our system's a premise system today. It sits at our data center. We have 980 agents that use our system. We have most of lines of business within Nelnet. We have -- it's kind of KC12 [ph] the servicing. We have the drive net [ph] servicing and then we have a lead-generation type business called India [ph] , and we also have a book company called Peterson's Company.
My background comes from IBM, AT&T days. I worked -- started as a technical person and had worked up through team lead and management, senior management into account management. During that time, we primarily focused on the Cisco via the occasional Nortel. Didn't see much Genesys. We -- I started Nelnet 3 years ago, and when we -- when I started there, we just won that financial book of business. So now there's us selling greatly since the deal, the government student loan servicing, right? So [indiscernible] profit, keeping our profit. Now volume's dictated by 5 metrics, right? You got 3 surveys and 2 default metrics. So you're -- what you try to do is try to get to the #1 position, so you get the most volume. By the way, we're #1. Sallie Mae is #4, just for the record. And so we -- I came in. Within 3 months, I had to select the sound system that could scale, that could grow, that could see the features we need for our demographics, right? Our demographic's a wide generation and more self-service, more social media. And we didn't have that. We didn't have the scale. We had an old Avaya system, key systems. We have bolt-on Aspect. We have witnessed Blue Pumpkin, and you can imagine a support team who were supporting that infrastructure was quite large. It was about 10 people.
We grew through acquisition. So one of the companies we bought about 5 years ago or more was Firstmark in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It's a private, stand-alone servicing, and there was one guy, Jody Nelson, who supported a older I3 system out there by himself. Not only did he support that system, he supported everyone at the top [ph] . He was kind of the IT guy. He was like, okay, you just plug the system in and play and let it run. Now he actually programmed the IVR. He did all the coring. He did all the stuff like he's all in one system. So when we did the analysis and looked at the different phone systems, in my background, I listed Avaya and Cisco. I3 wasn't even in the picture until I've talked to this guy. I'm like, okay, so you tell me one guy can support this system, and granted, this call center was about 40 to 50 agents, it got my attention. So we started an analysis, and we really liked selling price points. I call him the RF [ph] possible. So every time we've talked to the I3 teams, the solution teams, the technical people behind the scenes, they would tell me how they could work around that solution or obstacle, give me ideas in -- to improve performance. Whereas the Avayas and Ciscos, they give me, it's going to cost you more. Let's go hack and update that didn't work, right? I didn't like that. I need to be quick and nimble. I have 3 months to get this system up and I had a volume coming in December. So we signed the deal into August, beginning September, I had the system up for a major call center with live 16 or 17 [ph]. That was huge. That was huge. So that, to me, was a big obstacle I need to get over and I3 stuff doesn't deliver. So we've grown with I3. They get paid by the drink [ph], right? So as we've grown, we started off back in 2010 with 400 agents, and now we have 980. So we really enjoy the system, and we look forward to where it's going with the strategic roadmap. Don played out and kind of given us another [ph] features to our demographics. Any questions?

Unknown Attendee
Maybe for like [ph] Jim [indiscernible] your experience of [indiscernible] real estate [ph] [indiscernible] ...
Jim Stover
Yes. What we had before or what we still have actually is a Cisco Unified Contact Center Express, which, by nature, that can handle up to 300 agents, and we're fast approaching that number. When we started looking at the possibility to a full-blown Cisco contact center enterprise and the support we've taken to a loan [ph] the licensing and the hardware they're providing [ph] could be a good fit [indiscernible] . We sat down and looked at it. They talked us [ph]. We went over. They'd never heard of -- honestly, they never heard of Interactive. We came over to Indiana in February [ph]. We were [ph] couple of hours away [indiscernible] sat down for a demonstration. They walked out and they said, "Wow." So I mean, that kind of was our first impression because they can do -- already do all those things that we would like to do down the road. So it's not going to -- we're out having a big [ph] learning curve on how to do this. We have somebody to rely on who can give us a [ph] and that was -- and now it's on the [ph] more so like we're in infancy [ph] and I've got 8 to 14 [ph] or 1/3 person because they have a contractor that helps myself, our network monitoring individual and our network management team. So it's a good thing that this is just fairly good news [ph] for me anyway because I don't have a lot of time to spend on it. So I made the comment about my company. We're great at being trying to say [ph] what they really want and [indiscernible] not selling this, say, okay just as if [ph] listen to what we really think they're doing. We're going to make some changes and [indiscernible] because I saw that [ph] the contact center, our main contact center is in Linoma [ph]. It supports at least 3 other businesses that we have well control, ERS PCT [ph], ERS FC [ph] side. That's Emerson Retail Solutions out of  Kennesaw, Georgia, [indiscernible] Atlanta. They are the main focus of our contact center so in [indiscernible] refrigeration setting up [ph] in grocery stores, some [indiscernible] pharmacies. It's just a very -- one of the service areas that we kind of grow into. So the sooner we can get everything settled for the people that we have on the Interactive solutions [indiscernible] . There have been at least 2 demos done for the ERS, and we're excited about getting on the system. It's now getting to a point where we can sit down [ph] [indiscernible] . Their biggest challenge right now is the company and the clients, but we've already told them that we can support one of their groups. The smallest, I think, is services group, and we're looking forward to getting done with this issue [ph] [indiscernible] .
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible]
Jeffrey Miller
So we have -- we've been [ph] inbound, outbound auto dialer, email, chat and workforce management.
Unknown Attendee
[indiscernible]
Jeffrey Miller
That's correct. About 83% of our volume comes through electronic web inquiries. And had been -- the rest [indiscernible] is inbound system [ph] calls. We're definitely dialer heavy. A lot of competition, so with our business, a large portion of our business comes from broker channels in the commercial real estate, and so it's not uncommon for us to receive a web inquiry, along with 4 of our competitors at the same time. So with the Interactive Intelligence Dialer solution, we're able to, on average, make contact on those new leads in under 2 minutes, which allows us to be the first person to see the customer, which helps because the second guy, if he calls 5 minutes later, gets voicemail. So this is definitely giving us [indiscernible] . Now we also use the Managed Services for us and we didn't have a large [indiscernible] to be able to support the new system. I think we've -- that Managed Services allow us to go live, and it's all we use today.

Stephen R. Head
Any other questions?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Unknown Attendee
What's nice about our relationship with Interactive Intelligence is we compete for ideas. So we've -- virtual hold is one idea that came out of our shop, the iPhone app, as it links back to the [indiscernible] and just came out of our shop, as compared to others that came out of that as well. So they -- the features that you see are usually coming -- we're listening to the customers, and that's what you're seeing. We were asking for it, the names there. The iPad app is something I've seen 1.5 years ago. That one is coming out and that's key for us, right? Because your supervisors, your leaders on the floor need to be out there interacting with their agents. And if you have a big core like ours, 980 agents, I think you're more effective if you're mobile. So yes, I would say we're feeding that, they're listening and that's what we're seeing.
Unknown Attendee
The iPad app, definitely we're interested. A lot of our countries are small teams, so I might have 2 people in Italy, 9 in France, and the iPad app would be really helpful for the country manager at a glance be able to see what's going on within Sitel [ph] there any actions need to be taken. And so, that's an area that we're very excited about. We give that visibility to their senior executive team to eventually do run their inside sales team.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Unknown Attendee
We use the all online products right? And that's -- there's different reasons for that. We like it. We got their support there, the reporting is all there, so we've used that. Now are there different features that competition has? Sure. But does that, again, that feedback is getting back to I3 and they're changing the product. There was another piece I left out. And this is security compliance. Being a federal contractor, another cloud came, another security came at in Kohl's presentation. Security is key for us so that's why we have premise solution. I think if they start developing more security around that hosted model, specifically around being government-compliant in the data center, with the data, et cetera, you'll see a bigger niche going that direction.
Unknown Analyst
I have a list of names [indiscernible].
Unknown Attendee
So I3 did our implementations and they delivered nearly everything we asked for. If I were to go back and look at the learnings, I3 probably should have given me everything I asked for. And we tried to utilize the race car when I was replacing PBX's and so what we've done over the past year is really gone from taking that exotic race car and have come back to a more general Chevy. And we now focus on not trying to do everything completely automated and as fast as possible and try to put something more on their shift within our agents. And so with highly complex and difficult -- the difficult part was finding people smart enough to figure out why this beast didn't work. And we had challenges with integration. A lot of that was because we -- our geographical spread. London is our primary data center, CIC is in America. Just passing data between the 2 and the challenges they're going to have with that. So there's been some lessons learned, the integrations were a challenge for us. We accept it. Understand that we have a much simpler system today that had we probably started out simpler, it would've been [indiscernible] but in their defense, we didn't want simple, we asked for a really complex and fast result with the IT works. We just found that it actually won't matter anyway.
Unknown Attendee
I guess, for us, it was [indiscernible] disappointed with speed, so what was sacrificed, if you take that [indiscernible]. So going back to that missed time, we have to show how we built our system, how secure it is. It's encrypted, Interaction encrypted the rest, but all that documentation around that is up to them.

Unknown Attendee
From a business standpoint implementation, it's different with what we had expected. What were immature in their contact center are -- was not sophisticated by any means. As long as the agent who [ph] represented the call, and he was able to handle the call and take care of the customer [indiscernible] requirement. [indiscernible] and I'm sure that, down the road, we will be adding more. That's just the nature of things. As we progress, I'm sure that our monthly cost will go up and Interactive also, but it's been a good relationship that I'm happy to work [indiscernible].
Unknown Attendee
That's on my list. So I should admit one of the presentations I wanted to on that -- on Bay Bridge because I was speaking and I've already arranged a private time to go through it and learn more about it. And one of the challenges that we have in our business is that you -- because we're in so many new countries, we don't necessarily have a large management team, to really manage things as tight as we like. And so we can leverage some of that technology that helps us as a country manager who spend a few hours managing the contact center. If some of that technology can help them be more efficient then that's definitely something that we're looking at.
Unknown Attendee
Good question. It's definitely [indiscernible] -- we have met a storm today, we've been building capital investment, we're kind of waiting for that depreciation to run off before we kind of start that process again, definitely there's potential to leverage I3 there. In a related topic, we're moving to a natural language IVR because that's in the demographics. So we're working with I3 and Nuance on integration of that natural language IVR. So I think we're one of the first people to do that and we've got some great work grid [ph] in terms of integrating that product with factory systems.
Unknown Attendee
I guess my ultimate dream of being with Interactive is becoming so large that they can reduce the individual costs of a customer. In all honesty, I expect it to increase, but I think that the value will be there, I think they will be offering more for, maybe, with the same base price that we now have, they may have a better offering. So we'll have -- 5 years from now -- I'm their technical guy, we're starting to -- I'm just now starting to hear questions about what can we do with all of these information we're gathering. So Bay Bridge is  probably something that obviously guessing that our directors take a look at and that's one of their superiors. But in all honesty, 5 years from now, I'm going to be retired, it's somebody else's issue.
Stephen R. Head
Well thank you, gentleman [indiscernible]. Okay, now we're to the final part of the presentation, which is mine. And this will be fairly short. I think everybody here has seen these slides at one point or another. So I'll just go through them quickly and then open it up for questions. You know the financial highlights from the first quarter, it was a good strong quarter, up nicely over a year ago, we have a nice -- couple of nice things contributing to that. But just the overall level of the business activity continues to be very strong. Balance sheet continues to be very solid, orders by region for the last couple of years, Jerry touched on this earlier, this breaks it down and actually shows cloud versus premises in the different regions. But, overall, strong growth around the world in the last couple of years. And other than the fact that we've got cloud now as part of the mix, the breakdown hasn't changed much in the last 7 or 8 years. We've had a lot of good growth all around the world over that period of time. Revenue performance continue to have a lot of products revenues, and a lot of that is still driven by current customers that, as we've heard from the last panel and as you've heard today in some of the new applications that we're deploying, this is a chance to generate more revenue from current customers. Our cloud business continues to grow, that brighter red keys in the middle and it was up nicely last year. Maintenance continues to grow because of the growth of the cloud business -- or excuse me, because of the growth of the product revenues, which resulted in more maintenance revenues in the following year. And then professional services have really taken off strongly in the last couple of years, and I really get to the fact that we've done more direct business, especially in the cloud area. And so we're delivering more of the professional services ourselves.

Operating income, we made a decision that we announced the beginning of last year that we're really going to invest heavily on this cloud initiative. And the investment hits us in 2 different ways. One is we ramped up the spending on R&D and sales and marketing. At the same time, because more of our orders were cloud and not being recognized currently, we weren't getting the revenue immediately, but we have the costs. But we did that, we still remained profitable and we're still generating good cash from the business.
Cash balances continue to be pretty steady. Our main use of cash, since we are generating positive cash from the business, has been acquisitions. We talked about that a couple of different times today with some of the acquisitions we've made in different regions of the world to really have a greater direct presence in those various markets. And some of those acquisitions, AcroSoft going back to 2009; Latitude, 2010; Bay Bridge, which you have mentioned a couple of times here, was just last year; and then, distribution with a guy [ph] called Time Audio Brightware; and most recently, the Interactive business that Amtel managed in New Zealand.
And we talked about the projections for this year. It's really driven around 2 main items, one is the 20% order growth and the fact that we're expecting about half of those orders to be cloud, up from 35% that were cloud last year. And as we updated the revenue guidance coming off of the first quarter, expecting about $295 million to $300 million in revenue. Our cloud-based revenues increasing to about -- up about 60%. So they will be about, at the midpoint, about 12% of our overall revenue. Recurring revenues are all being about 50% of the total. Operating margin, relatively unchanged from last year, we said 3% to 5% operating margin on a non-GAAP basis. As hopefully, you've gained from today, we're having a lot of success with cloud. That just means we're generating a lot of backlog of business without the revenues hitting the income statement currently, but we still have a lot of those expenses. But we think it's a good thing for the business in the long run and we do expect margins to improve, both as we scale the cloud operations and as we see PureCloud being delivered next year, those will both, I think, give us a chance to start improving the margins on the cloud business, and overall, seeing our margins starting to turn back upwards. So that's the presentations that we have for today. I'm open for any additional questions that you have.
Stephen R. Head
Shawn?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question is: Our longer-term outlook, what is cloud growth going to be, what is the mix of orders going to be over the next few years? There's a lot of things that make it difficult. 4 or 5 years ago, I was able to model what the company look like, being mostly product driven and the metrics were pretty easy to understand and project. It's a lot more difficult when we have a big variable called cloud, and that percentage of 35% or 50% or 60% is going to make a big difference in the amount of revenue we recognize in the current year. So it's a lot harder to project out. The one thing that I believe is that as the cloud percentage continues to increase, it's going to continue to pressure our margins -- margin expansion because we continue to have a larger portion of our orders we're not recognizing currently, but we still have the sales and marketing expenses and the development expenses. Cloud revenues, I do expect to continue to climb at a very rapid pace, we're expecting them to be up about 60% this year. Without knowing how this year ends, I'm still expecting a very strong growth rate for next year and the year after. But as far as the cloud revenue -- cloud orders will grow rapidly. I think there is every indication that, that is not going to slow down. Product orders, while we said this year we're expecting to be relatively flat, we had a very good first quarter and there's a lot of good product business that's in the pipeline. So for me, the surprise might be that the product revenues end up being stronger than we're thinking right now. But it's going to be -- get back to being a mix issue for the year. As -- we're already increasing, heavily increasing amount of recurring revenue, as we sign these cloud orders, and it makes, really, looking forward a little more challenging for the next year or 2 until we see how some of this different pieces sort out and where they start stabilizing.

Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question is if overall order growth over the next several years is 20% and product orders are flat, that 50% cloud, that implies that cloud is growing at 40%. And I think based on what we've seen in the last few years, we feel that we can grow cloud orders at that rate or better. We did it the last few years, although it's easy off of a small base, but just the business opportunity we see out there. We've been growing much faster than the market rate for a lot of years now. And if the overall cloud growth rate in the market is 20%, we would expect to be beating that. That has been our history and that's what we think we can continue to do.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
Joe, in his presentation, mentioned a global -- mentioned a steep count of 16 million. And I'm pretty sure that, that's a global number. Because otherwise we would have, what, 5% of Americans in call centers, and I don't think we're quite there. So -- yes, Philip?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question is, is the ramp up of CaaS gross margins and overall, with PureCloud being introduced, where do we think we can take the margins on the cloud business? Has that captured -- right now, we're in the 20% margins and that -- we've stated that. And it's really a volume game for us. We're -- revenue last year was low 20s, this year being the 30s, I've always said that we'll need to be $100 million or better of cloud revenue to start having margins that are 60%, 70% or better, and I still believe that. At the ramp we're going, that's still going to be 3 or 4 years down the road, but I think we can get there. I think when PureCloud is delivered, that will help us get there, even more so than what our current operation. I'm comfortable it's going to happen, it's just going to be taking a period of time for us to achieve both revenue levels. Yes?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
Question is on acquisitions. We've done a mix of distribution and complementary technologies and where do we expect it to be going forward? I would expect more additional product complementary technologies in distribution. The Amtel acquisition was one that was more opportunistic. They were looking to divest themselves of a relatively small business. It's close enough to what we were doing in Australia that it just made sense to go ahead and acquire that business. We weren't acquiring all of Amtel, we just acquired that part of the business related to our operation, which is the same thing that happened with ATIO in South Africa last year. But really, I think what we're seeing as real opportunity is where we can expand the product, either with complementary type of technologies like Bay Bridge and there's some other things that we're looking at that I think will have more of an emphasis on complementary technologies rather than distribution. Thanks.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question is, how comfortable are we with operating margin expansion? The operating margin expansion is -- I mentioned 2 of the factors related to it. One is just order growth and the percent of cloud. The other one that we have, that we control is just how the staffing ramps up. And we've made decisions, as we've talked about in the last couple of years, to really ramp up staffing. Our employee counts have gone up dramatically. Some of it through acquisitions, but mostly through just organic growth. I think we're going to have to keep monitoring it every year and deciding what is the most prudent thing for the long-term value of the company, is it to expand margins or is it to capture market share? And capturing market share is really a function of getting the sales and marketing focus that we need, which is an expense. So I'm not here to say how much we're going to grow next year, how much margins might expand next year. I think we're going to have to assess that when we get through this year, and see how the year has played and see what the opportunity looks like. Yes, Chris?

Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question was, when we're signing a contract for data center space, how much are we buying upfront and for how long a period of time? The data center space cost is really one of the smaller parts of our cost. We do sign contracts for a period of time because just as our customers sign a contract that have better pricing for an extended period. The data centers work the same, so they're trying to tie a customer up. But the biggest expense we have is the hardware we're putting in there that we're buying. Now on the hardware side, we're buying what -- a certain amount that we need to get the first customer running, but would also probably run the 40th customer at the same time, or a significant portion of it will. So we're making a fairly significant capital investment just to get established in a country. And then we have a period of time where we ramp up to really utilize that investment.
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question is, with your PureCloud on the roadmap, does that affect the capital spending expectations over the next few years? It really doesn't change anything for this year. As Mike mentioned in his presentation, we are planning data centers in Canada this year and those are going to be based on their current technology, CaaS offering. After this year, we will have built up data centers in the markets we have currently identified. We will have expansion capabilities in those facilities. And, also, as we talked about, we expect to see a combination of the current CIC offering, the CaaS offering, and the new PureCloud offering, as we go forward. They're going to really address different customer sets, so we don't see CaaS going away. That's a question that, again, we're going to have to kind of monitor and see how it plays out. This year, I don't see any difference in expenses from what we've anticipated. As we see that we've got these data centers built out, hopefully, we'll see some ramp down. Now there is one other side of that, is that we have some private cloud customers, and in those cases, we're building out a private cloud for them, so there can be some fairly significant capital expenditures upfront, but we have a commitment on revenue over a period of time to pay for those. Yes, Philip?
Unknown Analyst
[indiscernible]
Stephen R. Head
The question was, so what is the ramp on PureCloud development today and will that increase as we get closer to having it closer to launch? And would R&D exceed 20%? For this year, we'll spend about $4 million on PureCloud. So if you think about it in the scheme of everything, it's 1.5% or less of our revenue. So it's a small part of our overall development effort. And the important thing to remember too is, as Don discussed, a lot of our development effort that will be ported to PureCloud that works for the current CIC platform, so there's a lot of things that we do that will be reused. The PureCloud is a platform where we'll, maybe one way I could describe it, plug in a lot of the technology we have today. So a lot of our development efforts today will work for both platforms over the long term. Now there is going to be porting. I would expect that, that PureCloud group will be greater next year. If we spend $4 million this year, we'll spend something more than that next year, but I don't think it will be in the order of magnitude increase, but there will be some increase. Any other questions?
So I thank everybody for attending today. I hope we -- it's been productive and informative session for you, and we look forward to seeing you during the rest of the conference. Thank you.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Business Software & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ININ TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector








Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      



Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Interactive Intelligence - Wikipedia





















 






Interactive Intelligence

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Interactive Intelligence Inc.





Type

Private


Industry
Telecommunications software
Cloud computing


Founded
October 1994; 22 years ago (1994-10)[1]


Founder
Donald E. Brown


Headquarters
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Paul Segre (CEO)
Tom Eggemeier (President)
Slava Zhakov (CTO)
Merijn te Booij (CMO)[2]


Products
PureCloud[3]
PureConnect[4]
PureEngage[5]



Number of employees

2,050 (2015)


Parent
Genesys


Website
www.inin.com


Interactive Intelligence, Inc. (ININ) was a telecommunications software and cloud developer acquired by Genesys, a customer experience company, in December 2016 for $1.4 billion.[6][7] The company was best known for its unified business communications solutions for call centers, enterprise IP telephony and business process automation. After the Genesys acquisition, products were consolidated into the PureCloud, PureConnect and PureEngage customer engagement platforms.[8][9][10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Philanthropy
4 Awards and recognition
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
In October 1994, Donald E. Brown founded the startup company Interactive Intelligence in Indianapolis, Indiana. He became the company's President and chief executive officer in 1995 and developed communication systems integration with informational technology. By 1997, Interactive Intelligence was the first to market an all-in-one customer engagement software suite.[1] The company held its initial public offering (IPO) in October 1999 and expected to earn more than $29 million.[11] During this time, Interactive Intelligence had strategic partnerships with other telecommunications companies, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft, Polycom and Salesforce.com. By 2009, the company had developed communications-as-a-service (CaaS) and cloud solutions for contact centers.[12]
Interactive Intelligence acquired AcroSoft Corp., a provider of insurance content management solutions, in 2009.[13] In 2010, the company purchased Latitude Software, a debt collection software and services provider.[14] Interactive Intelligence acquired both Agori Communications, a German-based reseller of its multichannel contact center solutions, and CallTime, an Australian-based reseller, in 2011.[15] In August 2012, Interactive Intelligence acquired Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, a developer of capacity planning and strategic analysis technology.[16] Interactive Intelligence acquired OrgSpan, a software development company focused on social and business communication, in 2014.[17]
During the summer of 2016, the company's stock prices rose as it was reported that Interactive Intelligence was exploring a potential sale.[18] In August 2016, it was announced that the customer experience company, Genesys, was set to acquire Interactive Intelligence for $1.4 billion.[19][20] The acquisition was completed in December 2016 and all Interactive Intelligence products and services integrated with Genesys.[21]
Products[edit]
The company's core product offering was the Interaction Center Platform, which centralized multi-channel business interactions and business processes. This platform could be delivered as either a premises or hosted (communications-as-a-service) offering. In addition to its software, Interactive Intelligence also provided add-on professional services, support, and education for its product line.[22]
Genesys developed a customer experience platform portfolio from Interactive Intelligence technology. PureCloud is a contact center as a service (CCaaS) cloud platform that managed customer communication with comprehensive features.[8] PureConnect is a customer interaction center (CIC) that integrates customer engagement functionality in one application.[9] PureEngage is an omnichannel customer engagement for large organizations.[10]
Philanthropy[edit]
In 2010, Interactive Intelligence announced its non-profit corporation, Interactive Intelligence Foundation, to assist at-risk youth. The Foundation raised funds to promote technology education for youth in Indiana and outside the United States.[23] It hosted an annual gala and silent auction as part of its fundraising activities.[24]
Awards and recognition[edit]
Interactive Intelligence was recognized as a "market leader" by industry analyst firms such as Datamonitor,[25] Frost & Sullivan,[26] and Gartner.[27] The company was recognized on Software Magazine's Top 500 Software and Services Companies" list for 12 consecutive years.[28] It was also ranked #8 on Forbes 2011 list of "America's 100 Best Small Companies."[29] Interactive Intelligence's acquisition by Genesys was recognized as "largest tech-company acquisition" since 2013.[30]
References[edit]


^ a b "Interactive Intelligence: Transforming the Way Organizations Engage the World". The Silicon Review. 
^ "Leadership". Genesys. 
^ "PureCloud by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureConnect by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ "PureEngage by Genesys". Genesys. 
^ Genesys (August 31, 2016). "Genesys to Acquire Interactive Intelligence to Create the World’s Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys.com. 
^ "Genesys Completes Acquisition of Interactive Intelligence to Create World’s Leading Omnichannel Customer Experience Solutions Company". 
^ a b "Interactive Intelligence PureCloud Collaboration Platform Launches". eWeek. 
^ a b "Pure met à jour son application Pure Connect pour iOS et Android". Cnet (in French). 
^ a b "Genesys und Interactive Intelligence auf der CCW 2017". IAVCworld (in German). 
^ "Interactive Intelligence makes brilliant debut". Cnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Offers Alternative To SaaS Point Solution Headaches". TMCnet. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires AcroSoft Corporation". Acrosoft.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Collects Latitude Software for $14 Million". Detinationcrm.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence buys German firm". Ibj.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Acquires Bay Bridge Decision Technologies". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Durham's OrgSpan is being acquired". NewsObserver.com. Retrieved 2014-04-17. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Group Stock Soars on Takeover Rumors". The Motley Fool. 
^ "Genesys to Buy Interactive Intelligence in $1.4 Billion Deal". Bloomberg Business. 
^ "Call-Center Software Providers Genesys, Interactive Intelligence to Merge". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Genesys Acquires Interactive Intelligence to Create the World's Premier Omnichannel Customer Experience Company". Genesys. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center". Gartner. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence creates charitable foundation". IT News Africa. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Foundation to Host Dinner-Auction Gala Fundraiser in Support of At-Risk Youth". Marketwatch.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Contact Center Customers Rank Interactive Intelligence First in Unified Communications". Callcenterinfo.tmcnet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Receives Frost & Sullivan’s Company Of The Year, Contact Center Systems North America, 2012 Award". Thestreet.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide". Gartner.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Named among World's Top 500 Software and Service Providers". Dailyfinance.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "Forbes: America's 100 Best Small Companies". Forbes.com. Retrieved 2013-11-02. 
^ "CEO PERSPECTIVE: Defining tech’s many facets". Indianapolis Business Journal. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Interactive Intelligence Foundation





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Interactive_Intelligence&oldid=789117554"					
Categories: Software companies based in IndianaCompanies based in Indianapolis1994 establishments in IndianaCompanies established in 1994Hidden categories: CS1 French-language sources (fr)CS1 German-language sources (de)Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website not in Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 13:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Genesys Acquired Interactive Intelligence | Genesys




























































































TRY FOR FREE
CONTACT US
SIGN-IN
SELECT YOUR COUNTRY/REGION 


North America
Australia/New Zealand
Brasil
Canada
Canada Français
Deutschland
España
France
Italia
日本
中文
Latinoamérica - Español
Nederland
Polska
South Africa
Skandinavien
United Kingdom







PRODUCTS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Customer Engagement

PureCloudCloud contact center
PureConnect, powered by Customer Interaction CenterOn-premises contact center
PureConnect, powered by CaaSSingle-tenant cloud contact center



Unified Communications

PureCloud CollaborateReal-time collaboration tools
PureCloud CommunicateIP Telephony services



Other Products

Interaction DecisionsContact center strategic planning
Interaction Process AutomationBusiness process automation
Interaction CollectorDebt collection platform




SOLUTIONS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Industry

Accounts Receivable Management
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Manufacturing
Outsourcers
Retail
Retail Banking
Utilities



PureCloud Technology

PureCloud Platform Overview
PureCloud Voice
PureCloud Edge
PureCloud Support
Cloud Technologies Overview



Integrations

PureCloud Integrations




RESOURCES

 
TRY FOR FREE


Resources

WhitepapersThe latest industry information
eBooksTechnical industry information
Industry Analyst ReportsResearch from leading experts
Product LiteratureInformation about our products
Customer Case StudiesRead their stories
BlogThe latest from industry experts
PureCloud Resource CenterCustomer help and education
PureCloud CommunityAsk questions, connect with others, and stay in the know.



Videos

All VideosFrom demos to how-to's
Customer TestimonialsHear from our customers



Events

All Events
Live Webinars
On-Demand Webinars
Tradeshows
CX17




PARTNERS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Become A Partner

Alliance Program
Channel Program
Consultant Program
Systems Integrator Program
Telco-Carrier Program
Partner Testimonials



Find a Partner

PureCloud Partner Directory



Developer Community

PureCloud Developer Center
PureCloud Integrations Gallery
MarketPlace




ABOUT US

 
TRY FOR FREE


Company

Careers
Investors
Management
Locations
Media Coverage
Press Releases
Events



Services

Professional
Support
Managed
Education
Consulting



Security

Certifications and Trust

Community

Foundation




















  
Genesys Is Proud To Be A Gartner Leader For The 9th Consecutive Year!
Get the Report Now!









Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE
     












Sam is your customer

She’s asked for help on your website.
She called customer support.
Now she’s complaining on Twitter.

Sam just wants one thing fixed. Why does it take three agents to support her?











ONE SOLUTION = ONE HAPPY CUSTOMER
PureCloud enables Sam to "be heard" no matter how she engages your business






 
















Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE









Don’t your customers deserve the best?
Strengthen customer engagement with tools & flexibility that only the cloud can provide


Month-to-month
subscription


Lightning-fast
deployment


Instant
scalability


Powerful inbound and outbound capabilities


Enterprise-level
security













What problems keep
you up at night?
Call centers come in all shapes and sizes. We’ll help you overcome your obstacles.



How hard is it for my other systems to play nicely with PureCloud?
How can a cloud solution protect me from change?
What if my company wants an on-premise solution?
Can I get the big guy's support tools on my small-time budget?












We’re an innovator in contact center solutions
The only recognized leader in both reports


Gartner Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide Report
A recognized leader eight times in a row.
Download the Report


Gartner Magic Quadrant Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS), North America
The 1st annual report for this segment.
Download the Report



GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.










Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE






























2001 Junipero Serra Blvd
Daly City, CA 94014
(800) 267-1364



Solutions
Industry
Resources
Events
Partners
About Us
Locations
Careers
Education
Privacy Policy
Sign in




 Twitter
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 YouTube
 Blog



Questions? We can Help
CONTACT US



















Partners | Genesys Interactive Intelligence | Genesys




























































































TRY FOR FREE
CONTACT US
SIGN-IN
SELECT YOUR COUNTRY/REGION 


North America
Australia/New Zealand
Brasil
Canada
Canada Français
Deutschland
España
France
Italia
日本
中文
Latinoamérica - Español
Nederland
Polska
South Africa
Skandinavien
United Kingdom







PRODUCTS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Customer Engagement

PureCloudCloud contact center
PureConnect, powered by Customer Interaction CenterOn-premises contact center
PureConnect, powered by CaaSSingle-tenant cloud contact center



Unified Communications

PureCloud CollaborateReal-time collaboration tools
PureCloud CommunicateIP Telephony services



Other Products

Interaction DecisionsContact center strategic planning
Interaction Process AutomationBusiness process automation
Interaction CollectorDebt collection platform




SOLUTIONS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Industry

Accounts Receivable Management
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Manufacturing
Outsourcers
Retail
Retail Banking
Utilities



PureCloud Technology

PureCloud Platform Overview
PureCloud Voice
PureCloud Edge
PureCloud Support
Cloud Technologies Overview



Integrations

PureCloud Integrations




RESOURCES

 
TRY FOR FREE


Resources

WhitepapersThe latest industry information
eBooksTechnical industry information
Industry Analyst ReportsResearch from leading experts
Product LiteratureInformation about our products
Customer Case StudiesRead their stories
BlogThe latest from industry experts
PureCloud Resource CenterCustomer help and education
PureCloud CommunityAsk questions, connect with others, and stay in the know.



Videos

All VideosFrom demos to how-to's
Customer TestimonialsHear from our customers



Events

All Events
Live Webinars
On-Demand Webinars
Tradeshows
CX17




PARTNERS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Become A Partner

Alliance Program
Channel Program
Consultant Program
Systems Integrator Program
Telco-Carrier Program
Partner Testimonials



Find a Partner

PureCloud Partner Directory



Developer Community

PureCloud Developer Center
PureCloud Integrations Gallery
MarketPlace




ABOUT US

 
TRY FOR FREE


Company

Careers
Investors
Management
Locations
Media Coverage
Press Releases
Events



Services

Professional
Support
Managed
Education
Consulting



Security

Certifications and Trust

Community

Foundation

















Privacy Policy











Date last revised: 9/1/2016
Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. Privacy Notice
Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. (“Interactive Intelligence”) has developed a comprehensive privacy program designed to respect and protect your data privacy rights. This Privacy Notice explains what personally identifiable information we collect through our Internet websites located at http://inin.com and http://debtsoftware.com and all subdomains thereof (the “Sites”) and how we use that information.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect and How We Use It
In general, you can visit our Sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. In fact, we encourage anonymous surfing so that you can find out more about who we are and how our products can help streamline business communications and other processes. However, there are times when we may need and request personally identifiable information from you so that we can better serve you.
Interactive Intelligence will only collect personally identifiable information (such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, or email address, employer name, employer address or products and operating systems you use) when it is voluntarily submitted to us at the Sites. We will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location on the Sites at which you submit your information. For example, if you request technical support assistance, we need to know who you are, what product you are using and in what computer system environment you are using the product in order to respond to your request as efficiently and effectively as possible. If you are interested in signing up for one of our Webinars, the personally identifiable information you provide to us will enable us to tailor the Webinar more closely to your specific needs. Also, when you request a product download from the Sites, we want to be able to follow up with you to address any questions you might have about using our products. In addition, from time to time, we may refer to your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use that information to contact you.
We provide links to third party Internet sites strictly as a service to you. Your personally identifiable information is not shared with these third parties. However, Interactive Intelligence is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party Internet sites. If you leave the Sites you should be sure to read the privacy notice of each Internet site that you visit.
The Sites use information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our, the number of visitors to each page of our Sites, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is revealed to us in this process.
The Sites are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. Interactive Intelligence does not collect personally identifiable data from any person it knows to be under the age of 13.
Some pages within the Sites may use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access an Internet website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the Sites or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission. However, information gathered from use of cookies may be combined with other data sources to identify you.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties
We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide via the Sites to any third party unless (1) otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information; (2) in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a business division of Interactive Intelligence, a line of Interactive Intelligence’s business or Interactive Intelligence’s entire business or merger with another company; (3) to provide needed information to our agents, resellers, partners and contractors who may provide products and/or services to you; (4) as necessary for processing your credit card transactions or support transactions; or (5) for compliance with possible legal or governmental disclosure requirements. We do not rent, sell or otherwise share information that we gather about our website visitors with outside parties. The bottom line is that all the personally identifiable information that you provide to us via the Sites will remain with Interactive Intelligence and/or its agents, resellers, contractors and alliance partners.
Protecting Personally Identifiable Information 
Interactive Intelligence is committed to protecting the personally identifiable information entrusted to us. We have implemented reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure this information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration and destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Interactive Intelligence attempts to protect all personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant that personally identifiable information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. We will notify you in the event we become aware of a security breach involving your personally identifiable information (as defined by the applicable state and federal laws) stored by or for us. By disclosing your email address to us for any reason, you expressly consent to receive electronic notice from us in the event of such a security breach.
Your California Privacy Rights 
California law provides that California residents have a right to request businesses to tell them how their personal information has been shared with third parties, if at all, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact our Data Protection Officer at [email protected].
Do Not Track Signals 
Certain web browsers and other devices you may use to access the website may permit you to indicate your preference that you do not wish to be “tracked” online. At this time, the website does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals.
Changes to this Privacy Notice

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Notice on the Sites. If we make material changes to how we treat the personally identifiable information that falls within the scope of our Privacy Notice, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Site home page.
The date the Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date, active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting the Site and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
Transfer of Personal Data from EEA and Switzerland
Interactive Intelligence provides products and services to customers all around the world. On behalf of these customers, we process personal data transferred to us from the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Interactive Intelligence is registered for U.S. Privacy Shield and the U.S./Swiss Safe Harbor program to facilitate the transfer of this personal data from each applicable jurisdiction. To learn more about Interactive Intelligence’s practices surrounding personal data from the EEA and Switzerland, visit our EEA and Swiss Privacy Statement available here.
Contacting Us
Interactive Intelligence can be contacted at [email protected] or 317.872.3000. You may contact our Data Protection Officer at [email protected]. We encourage you to contact our DPO to inform us of any complaints or disputes you may have regarding this Privacy Statement.


































2001 Junipero Serra Blvd
Daly City, CA 94014
(800) 267-1364



Solutions
Industry
Resources
Events
Partners
About Us
Locations
Careers
Education
Privacy Policy
Sign in




 Twitter
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 YouTube
 Blog



Questions? We can Help
CONTACT US



 







Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
























Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Computer Software Industry Report


Competitive Reports


















Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.Company Information

7601 Interactive WayIndianapolis, IN, 46278 United States(317) 872-3000 †
http://www.inin.com
Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. Rankings

					Russell 2000 (June 2016)

Top 3 Competitors

GENESYS TELECOMMUNICATIONS LABORATORIES, INC
INCONTACT, INC.
Five9, Inc.



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. Company Profile

   With PBX telephone systems going the way of the telegraph, Interactive Intelligence is taking its customers' communications to the cloud. The company provides software and cloud services for customer engagement, communications, and collaboration. It offers on-premises software, single-tenant cloud service, and multitenant cloud service. Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center software and its PureCloud Platform can process thousands of interactions per hour in telephone calls, emails, faxes, voice mail, internet chat sessions, IP telephony calls, text messages, and social media. More than 10,000 customers, including CarMax, IKEA, and Walgreens, run automated call centers on Interactive Intelligence's systems. It was acquired by Genesys in late 2016.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Indianapolis, IN, United States
Computer Software







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

































Genesys Acquired Interactive Intelligence | Genesys




























































































TRY FOR FREE
CONTACT US
SIGN-IN
SELECT YOUR COUNTRY/REGION 


North America
Australia/New Zealand
Brasil
Canada
Canada Français
Deutschland
España
France
Italia
日本
中文
Latinoamérica - Español
Nederland
Polska
South Africa
Skandinavien
United Kingdom







PRODUCTS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Customer Engagement

PureCloudCloud contact center
PureConnect, powered by Customer Interaction CenterOn-premises contact center
PureConnect, powered by CaaSSingle-tenant cloud contact center



Unified Communications

PureCloud CollaborateReal-time collaboration tools
PureCloud CommunicateIP Telephony services



Other Products

Interaction DecisionsContact center strategic planning
Interaction Process AutomationBusiness process automation
Interaction CollectorDebt collection platform




SOLUTIONS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Industry

Accounts Receivable Management
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Manufacturing
Outsourcers
Retail
Retail Banking
Utilities



PureCloud Technology

PureCloud Platform Overview
PureCloud Voice
PureCloud Edge
PureCloud Support
Cloud Technologies Overview



Integrations

PureCloud Integrations




RESOURCES

 
TRY FOR FREE


Resources

WhitepapersThe latest industry information
eBooksTechnical industry information
Industry Analyst ReportsResearch from leading experts
Product LiteratureInformation about our products
Customer Case StudiesRead their stories
BlogThe latest from industry experts
PureCloud Resource CenterCustomer help and education
PureCloud CommunityAsk questions, connect with others, and stay in the know.



Videos

All VideosFrom demos to how-to's
Customer TestimonialsHear from our customers



Events

All Events
Live Webinars
On-Demand Webinars
Tradeshows
CX17




PARTNERS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Become A Partner

Alliance Program
Channel Program
Consultant Program
Systems Integrator Program
Telco-Carrier Program
Partner Testimonials



Find a Partner

PureCloud Partner Directory



Developer Community

PureCloud Developer Center
PureCloud Integrations Gallery
MarketPlace




ABOUT US

 
TRY FOR FREE


Company

Careers
Investors
Management
Locations
Media Coverage
Press Releases
Events



Services

Professional
Support
Managed
Education
Consulting



Security

Certifications and Trust

Community

Foundation




















  
Genesys Is Proud To Be A Gartner Leader For The 9th Consecutive Year!
Get the Report Now!









Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE
     












Sam is your customer

She’s asked for help on your website.
She called customer support.
Now she’s complaining on Twitter.

Sam just wants one thing fixed. Why does it take three agents to support her?











ONE SOLUTION = ONE HAPPY CUSTOMER
PureCloud enables Sam to "be heard" no matter how she engages your business






 
















Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE









Don’t your customers deserve the best?
Strengthen customer engagement with tools & flexibility that only the cloud can provide


Month-to-month
subscription


Lightning-fast
deployment


Instant
scalability


Powerful inbound and outbound capabilities


Enterprise-level
security













What problems keep
you up at night?
Call centers come in all shapes and sizes. We’ll help you overcome your obstacles.



How hard is it for my other systems to play nicely with PureCloud?
How can a cloud solution protect me from change?
What if my company wants an on-premise solution?
Can I get the big guy's support tools on my small-time budget?












We’re an innovator in contact center solutions
The only recognized leader in both reports


Gartner Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide Report
A recognized leader eight times in a row.
Download the Report


Gartner Magic Quadrant Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS), North America
The 1st annual report for this segment.
Download the Report



GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.










Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE






























2001 Junipero Serra Blvd
Daly City, CA 94014
(800) 267-1364



Solutions
Industry
Resources
Events
Partners
About Us
Locations
Careers
Education
Privacy Policy
Sign in




 Twitter
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 YouTube
 Blog



Questions? We can Help
CONTACT US











Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Computer Software Industry Report


Competitive Reports















Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. Revenue and Financial Data

   With PBX telephone systems going the way of the telegraph, Interactive Intelligence is taking its customers' communications to the cloud. The company provides software and cloud services for customer engagement, communications, and collaboration. It offers on-premises software, single-tenant cloud service, and multitenant cloud service. Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center software and its PureCloud Platform can process thousands of interactions per hour in telephone calls, emails, faxes, voice mail, internet chat sessions, IP telephony calls, text messages, and social media. More than 10,000 customers, including CarMax, IKEA, and Walgreens, run automated call centers on Interactive Intelligence's systems. It was acquired by Genesys in late 2016.
  







Financials Information for Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011




Revenue
$390.862
$341.296
$318.234
$237.365
$209.526


Gross Profit
$237.24200000000002
$205.23399999999998
$204.17999999999998
$157.77800000000002
$144.101


Operating Income
$-15.412
$-17.779
$14.397
$1.083
$21.641


Net Income
$-21.827
$-41.367
$9.515
$0.906
$14.798


Diluted EPS
$-1.01
$-1.98
$0.45
$0.04
$0.74










Cash Flow (mil)
2015
2014
2013




Cash at the beginning of the year
$36.168
$65.881
$45.057


Net Operating Cash
$25.632
$-1.716
$27.375


Net Investing Cash
$-102.067
$-35.203
$-34.028


Net Financing Cash
$135.075
$7.206
$27.477


Net Change in Cash
$58.64
$-29.713
$20.824


Cash at end of the year
$94.808
$36.168
$65.881


Capital Expenditure
$-17.579
$-21.363
$-20.758










Assets (mil)
2015
2014
2013




Current Assets


Cash
$94.808
$36.168
$65.881


Net Receivables
$106.95
$87.413
$80.414


Inventories
$
$
$


Other Income Assets
$13.264
$14.655
$13.566


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$311.913
$187.694
$237.696


Net Fixed Assets
$44.837
$44.785
$36.919


Other Noncurrent Assets
$50.005
$40.5
$10.909


Total Assets
$493.533
$338.723
$353.222






Liabilities (mil)
2015
2014
2013




Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$10.571
$10.236
$8.727


Short Term Debt
$
$
$


Other Current Liabilities
$115.575
$92.517
$92.042


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$162.213
$140.263
$133.425


Long Term Debt
$118.022
$
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$7.291
$7.135
$4.14


Total Liabilities
$309.503
$167.993
$163.867






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)
2015
2014
2013




Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$
$
$


Common Stock Equity
$0.218
$0.213
$0.205


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$184.03
$170.73
$189.355


Shares Outstanding
21.82
21.28
20.5







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Medium
                        These businesses have a moderate projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure.






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

































Genesys Acquired Interactive Intelligence | Genesys




























































































TRY FOR FREE
CONTACT US
SIGN-IN
SELECT YOUR COUNTRY/REGION 


North America
Australia/New Zealand
Brasil
Canada
Canada Français
Deutschland
España
France
Italia
日本
中文
Latinoamérica - Español
Nederland
Polska
South Africa
Skandinavien
United Kingdom







PRODUCTS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Customer Engagement

PureCloudCloud contact center
PureConnect, powered by Customer Interaction CenterOn-premises contact center
PureConnect, powered by CaaSSingle-tenant cloud contact center



Unified Communications

PureCloud CollaborateReal-time collaboration tools
PureCloud CommunicateIP Telephony services



Other Products

Interaction DecisionsContact center strategic planning
Interaction Process AutomationBusiness process automation
Interaction CollectorDebt collection platform




SOLUTIONS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Industry

Accounts Receivable Management
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Manufacturing
Outsourcers
Retail
Retail Banking
Utilities



PureCloud Technology

PureCloud Platform Overview
PureCloud Voice
PureCloud Edge
PureCloud Support
Cloud Technologies Overview



Integrations

PureCloud Integrations




RESOURCES

 
TRY FOR FREE


Resources

WhitepapersThe latest industry information
eBooksTechnical industry information
Industry Analyst ReportsResearch from leading experts
Product LiteratureInformation about our products
Customer Case StudiesRead their stories
BlogThe latest from industry experts
PureCloud Resource CenterCustomer help and education
PureCloud CommunityAsk questions, connect with others, and stay in the know.



Videos

All VideosFrom demos to how-to's
Customer TestimonialsHear from our customers



Events

All Events
Live Webinars
On-Demand Webinars
Tradeshows
CX17




PARTNERS

 
TRY FOR FREE


Become A Partner

Alliance Program
Channel Program
Consultant Program
Systems Integrator Program
Telco-Carrier Program
Partner Testimonials



Find a Partner

PureCloud Partner Directory



Developer Community

PureCloud Developer Center
PureCloud Integrations Gallery
MarketPlace




ABOUT US

 
TRY FOR FREE


Company

Careers
Investors
Management
Locations
Media Coverage
Press Releases
Events



Services

Professional
Support
Managed
Education
Consulting



Security

Certifications and Trust

Community

Foundation




















  
Genesys Is Proud To Be A Gartner Leader For The 9th Consecutive Year!
Get the Report Now!









Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE
     












Sam is your customer

She’s asked for help on your website.
She called customer support.
Now she’s complaining on Twitter.

Sam just wants one thing fixed. Why does it take three agents to support her?











ONE SOLUTION = ONE HAPPY CUSTOMER
PureCloud enables Sam to "be heard" no matter how she engages your business






 
















Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE









Don’t your customers deserve the best?
Strengthen customer engagement with tools & flexibility that only the cloud can provide


Month-to-month
subscription


Lightning-fast
deployment


Instant
scalability


Powerful inbound and outbound capabilities


Enterprise-level
security













What problems keep
you up at night?
Call centers come in all shapes and sizes. We’ll help you overcome your obstacles.



How hard is it for my other systems to play nicely with PureCloud?
How can a cloud solution protect me from change?
What if my company wants an on-premise solution?
Can I get the big guy's support tools on my small-time budget?












We’re an innovator in contact center solutions
The only recognized leader in both reports


Gartner Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide Report
A recognized leader eight times in a row.
Download the Report


Gartner Magic Quadrant Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS), North America
The 1st annual report for this segment.
Download the Report



GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.










Get started with PureCloud
TRY FOR FREE






























2001 Junipero Serra Blvd
Daly City, CA 94014
(800) 267-1364



Solutions
Industry
Resources
Events
Partners
About Us
Locations
Careers
Education
Privacy Policy
Sign in




 Twitter
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 YouTube
 Blog



Questions? We can Help
CONTACT US


















interactive intelligence group, inc Creative Design Jobs | Monster.com




































Skip to main content














































Jobs



interactive intelligence group, inc


Creative Design









Filter Results By:


Refinements:



Creative Design











City:

New York City
San Francisco
Chicago
Los Angeles
Seattle

Show More 

Boston
Washington
Atlanta
Austin
Dallas

Show Less 




State:

California
New York
Texas
Florida
Illinois

Show More 

Washington
Massachusetts
Maryland
Pennsylvania
Virginia

Show Less 




Job Title:

Graphic Designer
Sales Associate
Art Director
Visual Designer
Designer

Show More 

Product Designer
Web Designer
Creative Director
Development Manager
Executive Director 

Show Less 




Company:

Amazon 




















         interactive intelligence group, inc Creative Design Jobs 




Unfortunately, there are currently no Creative Design jobs available at interactive intelligence group, inc which match this search:Explore other career opportunities on the interactive intelligence group, inc jobs page.Use the job search form above.Upload your resumeSubscribe to email alerts for Creative Design jobs at interactive intelligence group, inc.
Here are some related jobs:

New


Applied







Registered Nurse (RN) Wound Care - PRN



Plantation General Hospital
 






Plantation, FL
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse (RN) or Licensed Social Worker Per Diem/PRN



Plantation General Hospital
 






Plantation, FL
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse (RN) or Social Worker- Case Management Fulltime Days



Plantation General Hospital
 






Plantation, FL
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse (RN) Ambulatory Care PRN



LewisGale Hospital
 






Blacksburg, VA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







Posted today





New


Applied







Registered Nurse (RN) Post-Anesthesia Care Unit (PACU) PRN



LewisGale Hospital
 






Blacksburg, VA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







Posted today





New


Applied







Registered Nurse - Med/Surg



Lake City Medical Center
 






Lake City, FL
 


Fast Apply
Saved







Posted today





New


Applied







Registered Nurse - Med/Surg PRN



Lake City Medical Center
 






Lake City, FL
 


Fast Apply
Saved







3 days ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse (RN) Endoscopy/GI PRN



Rose Medical Center
 






Denver, CO
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse-PACU



Rose Medical Center
 






Denver, CO
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse-Endoscopy/GI Guaranteed Hours



Rose Medical Center
 






Denver, CO
 


Fast Apply
Saved







1 day ago





New


Applied







Registered Nurse-Pre-op/PACU Part-time



Rose Medical Center
 






Denver, CO
 


Fast Apply
Saved







4 days ago





New


Applied







Salesforce Developer



Freedom Financial Network
 






Tempe, AZ
 


Fast Apply
Saved







29 days ago





New


Applied







Sr. Marketing Coordinator



NRT LLC
 






Santa Barbara, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







+30 days ago





New


Applied







Tax Manager- Venture Capital



PWC
 






San Jose, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







21 days ago





New


Applied







Tax Director, Asset Management



PWC
 






San Francisco, CA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







21 days ago





New


Applied







Retail Confidential HR Coordinator (Full-time) Pittsburgh City/North Hills



Giant Eagle Inc.
 






Pittsburgh, PA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







8 days ago





New


Applied







Associate Art Director



BonTon
 






MILWAUKEE, WI
 


Fast Apply
Saved







21 days ago





New


Applied







Material Handler



Bon-Ton Stores Inc.
 






FAIRBORN, OH
 


Fast Apply
Saved







25 days ago





New


Applied







Material Handler (ACE)



Bon-Ton Stores Inc.
 






ROCKFORD, IL
 


Fast Apply
Saved







25 days ago





New


Applied







Material Handler (ACE)



Bon-Ton Stores Inc.
 






WHITEHALL, PA
 


Fast Apply
Saved







25 days ago












































