

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















INTERNATIONAL ACCELERATOR, INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      INTERNATIONAL ACCELERATOR, INC.
                    

•   AUSTIN, TX
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             International Accelerator is based out of Austin.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-20.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from INTERNATIONAL ACCELERATOR, INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




international accelerator, inc.


8121 BEE CAVE ROAD

AUSTIN
TX
                                                        
                                                    78746


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      512-279-0964







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 12/20/2016
D/A filed on 10/21/2016
D filed on 03/03/2016
D filed on 09/29/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-20
D
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Equity
    
5,729,000
1,478,999
4,250,001


2016-10-21
D/A
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security,Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
    
1,500,000
591,500
908,500


2016-03-03
D
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security,Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
    
500,000
400,000
100,000


2014-09-29
D
BUSINESS SERVICES

      Equity
    
800,000
379,000
421,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANGELOS   ANGELOU

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



CARMELO   GORDIAN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



DEAN   KAKRIDAS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



ESTHER   ANGELOU

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



PHILLIP   POMPA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















International Accelerator, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:21 AM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of International Accelerator, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



BOARD MEMBERS AFFILIATED WITH Carmelo M. Gordian J.D.*Carmelo M. Gordian J.D.    Return to Lynxs Group LLCBoard Member and Partner2222AgeTotal Annual Compensation57--&nbsp Ronald B. RichardCleveland Foundation, TheBoard AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.David   SikoraStratfor Enterprises, LLCBoard AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Chris   PorchBrighthouse, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.Jean J. BelangerCerebri AI Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Niko   BonatsosGeneral Catalyst PartnersBoard AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.Raymond J. BrimbleLynxs Group LLCBoard AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Ying   McGuirePC Specialists, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.Mehron   AzarmehrInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Angelos   AngelouInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.John   EdgeInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Jason   DorseyThe Ultimate Software Group, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.Tonino   DefalisInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Paul   O’Brien1839 Ventures, L.L.C.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.Ted   DoucetInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Deborah E. WalkerInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc.Charalampos   PapadopoulosInternational Accelerator, Inc.Board AffiliationsInternational Accelerator, Inc. Stefano   SpataroFreightWatch International LimitedBoard AffiliationsFreightWatch International LimitedBill   GamesJoule Software, Inc.Board AffiliationsFreightWatch International Limited Mick   MoloneyFreightWatch International LimitedBoard AffiliationsFreightWatch International LimitedKieran   O'ConnorFreightWatch International LimitedBoard AffiliationsFreightWatch International Limited David   BroeFreightWatch International LimitedBoard AffiliationsFreightWatch International LimitedBarry   ConlonFreightWatch International LimitedBoard AffiliationsFreightWatch International Limited
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.













 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



MOST CONNECTED PEOPLE TO Carmelo M. Gordian J.D.NameRelationshipsRonald B. Richard 106 RelationshipsNiko  Bonatsos 86 RelationshipsDavid  Sikora 43 RelationshipsJean J. Belanger 25 RelationshipsJason  Dorsey 22 Relationships










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact International Accelerator, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














PCH product idea accelerator programme

















































                                Our Platform                            
Product Idea Accelerator



Our integrated platform
Product idea accelerator
Product design and engineering
Scaling up for production
Manufacturing solutions
Packaging and fulfillment
eCommerce and retail
Inventory management & retail distribution






We make it together
 

At Highway1, we help hardware entrepreneurs and investors shape their ideas into unique and viable product offerings.
We pride ourselves in selecting and mentoring the best talent and most innovative ideas.
Through our unique accelerator program, we bring our proven expertise and manufacturing ‘know-how’ to take teams with ideas and help shape them into companies with viable product offerings.










































Let’s make your ideas real

Our four month program at Highway1 gives you seed funding up to $100,000 in return for equity, plus:

Access to an extensive network of investors
A dedicated team of experienced engineers
An inside view into the supply chain and manufacturing infrastructure in China
An education in manufacturing, supply chain, and distribution as well as project and business management, finance, and strategy
Office and machine shop space in San Francisco with access to state of the art equipment
Mentoring and guidance from across the tech sector
A series of critique sessions to fine tune your pitch for potential investors
An end of term demo day to pitch your product to VCs and other investors

 










The Premier Hardware Startup Accelarator







©PCH - 2017


PCH – We make on Twitter
PCH – We make on Facebook
PCH – We make on YouTube
PCH – We make on LinkedIn
PCH – We make on Weibo
PCH – We make on Instagram



Contact us
Privacy
Terms
 




Explore PCH






















RT @businessinsider: Size is no obstacle for this 3D printer pic.twitter.com/7wY9KMG8xB@PCH_Intl • Yesterday at 3:23 pm


PCH – We make on Twitter
PCH – We make on Facebook
PCH – We make on YouTube
PCH – We make on LinkedIn
PCH – We make on Weibo
PCH – We make on Instagram







PCH website is now available only on the more secure versions of Internet Explorer.Please upgrade your Microsoft Internet Browser here or use an alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.















It's Now Even Harder to Get Into Disney's Accelerator | Inc.com









 






















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  INNOVATE
													







It's Now Even Harder to Get Into Disney's Accelerator


As the company shifts its focus to later-stage companies, don't expect to see a Cinderella story come out of this year's program.  






 By Anna Hensel


Anna Hensel is an assistant editor at Inc.com. She is a recent graduate of Creighton University, and her work has appeared on ESPN.com and Silicon Prairie News.
@ahhensel 


Assistant editor, Inc.@ahhensel 










WRITE A COMMENT























Walt Disney Company CEO Bob Iger.
CREDIT: Getty Images










After raising a $44.2 million Series B round last June, LittleBits, a five-year-old startup that makes electronic building blocks, wanted to find a way to increase its international reach.
So it took an unusual step for a startup of its size: It applied to an accelerator. But not just any accelerator--the one run by the international juggernaut that is the Walt Disney Company. It was a no-brainer for LittleBits, CEO Ayah Bdeir explains--it currently sells its product in 130 countries, and works with more than 3,500 schools.
"LittleBits is a company that's universal--it crosses boundaries of nationality, language, age, and space," Bdeir says.
Earlier this week, Disney announced the list of startups that made it into the 2016 class of its accelerator program, now in its third year. But this year, the media giant took a sharply different approach when handing out the much-coveted golden tickets. 
For one thing, the companies that Disney selected are bigger--the list includes startups that have already raised tens or hundreds of millions of dollars in venture capital, such as LittleBits, VR startup Jaunt, and open-network publishing platform Playbuzz. Additionally, Disney is no longer capping the amount of money it invests in each startup at $120,000, which it had done for the past two years, reports TechCrunch. Disney also declined to renew its contract with Techstars, which had helped run the accelerator for the past two years. A Techstars spokesman told Inc.: "We're glad to see their [Disney's] ongoing commitment to innovation through their own accelerator program, and we continue to fully support our alumni from past programs with them."
Disney declined to reveal how much it invested in each startup--but with bigger companies involved, one can imagine that the investments are much larger.
"The accelerator is taking a different direction," Michael Abrams, the senior vice president of innovation at Disney, acknowledges. "We realized that we had the opportunity this year to leverage the Disney Accelerator framework, and apply that to a much broader array of innovative companies."
With or without startups, Disney has plenty of resources at its beck and call to develop new technology. The company has multiple departments dedicated to creating cool new gadgets. In the past year, for instance, Disney's research department has worked with other organizations to develop smart paper that can react to gestures, and a robot that can walk up walls. 
But as startups like Oculus and SpaceX continue to dominate headlines for their breakthroughs in virtual reality and space transportation, the company responsible for the first animated feature-length film and the first multiplane camera can no longer rely on in-house creations to stay innovative. And as this week's newest viral sensation, Pokémon Go, proved, using popular corporate-created characters to introduce innovative new technology can be fruitful. (The game is the result of a collaboration between software startup Niantic and the Nintendo company.)
Disney remains tightlipped about what the accelerator entails for this year's cohort. But it seems that the program is primarily focused on building relationships with Disney's executive team, and teaching startups how to reach more markets in the media and entertainment fields. 
Artificial intelligence startup StatMuse, which created a natural language processing platform to help sports fans search for player stats, made it into Disney's accelerator program last year. It was a transformative experience for the then one-year-old startup: It had only three employees at the time and had yet to raise any money. The company closed a $10 million Series A round shortly after finishing the program, which enabled it to operate without a paywall and to launch the first public version of its product. It also signed a deal with Walt Disney-owned ESPN to provide statistics during the 2015-2016 NBA season.
"We went from getting ready to charge fantasy players to research, to realizing that there's significantly more that we can do with our platform," StatMuse CEO and co-founder Eli Dawson says. 
With Disney's new focus on later-stage companies, its unlikely that future Disney accelerators will include Cinderella stories like StatMuse. Instead, get ready to see well-known up-and-coming tech companies pulled under the Disney umbrella. 
Correction: An earlier version of the story misstated the timing of when StatMuse raised its $10 million Series A round. It was shortly after finishing Disney's accelerator program.





Published on: Jul 13, 2016




























































































 

International Accelerator Inc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/169727-international-accelerator-incsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=169727  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


International Accelerator IncCompany DetailsGet alertedif International Accelerator Inc gets funded!International Accelerator IncFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesTexasAustinIndustry:Business Products and Services Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors September 22nd, 2014$379,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when International Accelerator Inc gets funded?Key peopleAngelos AngelouDirector, Executive OfficerEsther AngelouExecutive OfficerCarmelo GordianDirectorDean KakridasExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment! 


















Apply Now — International Accelerator












































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









Apply Now









 
Hi y’all,
We are now using the StangeXChange platform on our application process. You can create your account and submit your files through this link: wwws.stagexchange.com/form/internationalaccelerator .

In case of any problems, please do not hesitate in contact us: info@internationalaccelerator.com



























 


















Program for International Entrepreneurs — International Accelerator











































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









Program for International Entrepreneurs

I. Our ProgramII. The TimelineIII. Why Austin?IV. FAQV. Resources 





			our
program



				IA is designed to help non-US founders to raise funds and expand their startups in the US			


What will you get from IA before you graduate?








											1. US network of investors, mentors, customers & partners										




You need a network of contacts to succeed in any country.
Same in the US. We’ll introduce a list of key investors, mentors, customers & partners in your industry that are going to help you formulate the right strategies, connect you with the key decision makers, and of course the right investors who’ll give you money!
See our team, mentors and advisors here. Want a serial entrepreneur with multiple exits as your mentor? We can help!







											2. One-on-one coaching designed for foreign founders in the US										




IA is proud of our hands-on approach in accelerating our startups.
Unlike typical accelerators, we won’t just give you a list of contacts, make introductions and step back. We know what our contacts (customers, partners and investors) want and don’t want. We know how your industry works specifically in the US. IA’s team and mentors will help find the right strategy for you, introduce you to industry insiders, coach you on the right way to pitch to them, rehearse with you, and even go to the meetings with you.
We have been immigrant entrepreneurs before and we know the pain!







											3. Relocation & expansion support										




Getting a visa to work in the US is hard, not to mention understanding the sophisticated US tax system, business laws, intellectual property laws, as well as taking care of all the tedious things you have to do just to move your company to the US!
Don’t worry. Our legal partners, immigration attorneys and tax partners will help with everything you need.
Did we mention that we will also help you find an apartment? We’ll streamline everything for you so you can focus on what is really important: growing your company!







											4. Funding										




We’ll provide seed funding for your startup: $50,000 in two rounds of $25,000 in the form of convertible notes.
IA provides mentorship, key introductions, relocation support and seed funding. However, we think our core service is to offer you the right strategy and introduce you to the right people in the U.S.. The money that we invest is like a financial support to you as founders to settle in the US & get your company up and running here. (Well, of course it’s more than you need to live in Austin.)
In fact, some applicants don’t even take our convertible note and it’s fine.
With that said, we know how critical funding is to a startup. That’s why one of key focuses of IA is to work together with you to search for additional angel & VC funding during the program.







											What's more?										




On top of all the core benefits above, we have also built and pre-selected a support system of professional and discounted service partners for you – web hosting, law, immigration, tax, accounting, banking online payment, investor relations, advertising, etc.
This will save you a lot of time and money researching and interviewing these services and let you focus on scaling your company!
A free co-working space will be provided during the program too!
IA asks for a 10% common stock of your Startup for the all IA program.







											Requirements to join IA										





Extraordinary founding team and existing startup
At least one of your founders is not a U.S. citizen
You are committed to moving to the United States to expand your company
You have at least a demo product with some customer/market validation and traction
Your product is solving a big problem in a big market and has high gross margin potential








											How to join IA?										




We’ll host our next selection event in July 2017, but you don’t need to wait! You already can subscribe your company on IA StageXChange Platform.
As soon as our evaluation process start, you will be notified!
In case of any question, contact info@internationalaccelerator.com
 

















			the
timeline



				IA provides a 12-months startup accelerator program			

We implement a custom 12 months program for each startup based on:
 





Cultural Adaptation phase (Month 1-3)

That is the moment when the StartUp will get to know the US enviroment and will need to adapt every detail of your company and product to grow in the US market
Besides, with the company adaptation will be also happening the founder adaptation to the US and we will be giving you all the logistic support so you have only to worry about your company







Sprint phase (Month 4-6)

The main focus in this phase is to implement and execute the planned strategies in the first phase
In this phase the StartUp is already adapted to the US market and is putting the product in the field and growing
The founders are also adapted to the US living style and will be speeding in results







Master phase (Month 7-9)

In this moment the product and company will need to slow down a little bit to review strategies and feedbacks of the product that is on the market.
Slow down doesn’t mean stop, so the StartUp will keep with the plan and in the field scaling up the company.
This is the most important phase, when the Startup will be improving the product at the same time that is scaling in sales and getting ready for the final phase of the AI program







Performing phase (Month 10-12)

This is the final phase, when the company will be ready to graduate and go to the US Market and, if this is the case, Worldwide.
Our focus here is to make you independent and ready for the growth that you are expecting. For this to happen we will be with you creating your next steps and plan.
We will also establish all the next steps to International Accelerator be connected and supporting you as a IA graduated alumnus.

 










			why
austin?



				4 main reasons why Austin is the ideal place to expand your startup in the US			

 
 



Easy Access to Capital

Venture capital investments in Austin reached almost 1 Billion USD in 2015
Startups in Austin have received over $12 billion in venture capital funding from 1995-2014
Austin Startup’ss reached 3,9 Billions USD exits in 2015
#3 of the Top 100 Cities for Tech Acquisitions
The Austin startup scene is supported by 35 local incubators, accelerators, and co-working space facilities
Easier access to the investors & senior management due to the close and collaborative startup ecosystem and culture
Located in the center of the U.S., Austin allows you to go to both the West and East Coast within a few hours to meet partners and investors




Low Cost of Living

Significantly lower Cost of Living Index than other major cities


How much cheaper will it be to move from San Francisco to Austin?

Housing: 71.74% less
Groceries: 31.69% less
Transportation: 18.58% less
Healthcare: 14.32% less
Utilities: 1.44% less
Source: The Council for Community and Economic Research






Cost of Operations

It’s not easy to raise money, so you want to make sure it’s spent properly.
Austin has significantly lower cost of operations than San Francisco, giving the same amount of money a lot more power!



Source: Bureau of Labour Statistics, RS Means, San Francisco Water Power Sewer, Austin Water




Access to Talent

Austin is a fast growing city which attracts young talent from all over the country
273,200 people moved to Austin locally and international in 2015 (Median age: 28.1)
Tech employment has increased 30% since 2010
Austin is young & energetic: 43.7% of the Austin population is between ages 25-44 with bachelor’s degrees
Some of the many reasons why young talents: booming tech economy, affordable cost of living, university town with tons of sports events & vibrant young and music culture
Source: Bureau of Labour Statistics











faq







				          What are the key criteria for selection into IA’s program?				        




IA is looking for startups that have:
1) A minimum viable product that has gained market validation or traction
2) A unique product that addresses a specific, unfulfilled need in a large, growing US market
3) A confident, but coachable management team with a high level of business and technical knowledge of the product and its market
4) A strong business model with monetization potential
5) A founding team with at least one non-U.S. citizen and one founding member committed to moving to Austin, TX








				          How is IA different from other Accelerators, Incubators, Angel Investors, and VC firms?				        




Since we focus solely on non-U.S. citizen founders, we have built our two-phase program offering completely unique and hands-on services and experiences. 
Our program is tailored for the needs of non-U.S. founders. We understand all the critical challenges because we have been in the same shoes and through the same cycles. Our program and commitment reflects all we have learned, and we aim to build a trusted, co-founder-like relationship with our participant companies.








				          How much funding and support do you offer?				        




We’ll provide seed funding for your startup: $50,000 in two rounds of $25,000 in the form of convertible notes.
Our goal is to give you the opportunity to completely focus on your startup without distractions and get you to the point where you are ready for further funding. 
We highlight our program as a high-touch, personal, and hands-on accelerator program. We'll assist you with everything you need in your relocation, from legal, visa and incorporation issues, to personal, transportation, housing and cultural problems.








				          Why is your program 12-months long?				        




Our program operates under the assumption that as a foreign startup, you’ll need the first couple of months to deal with corporate and immigration matters, relocate to Austin, get your feet on the ground, adapt to the new environment and understand a brand new market. 
It takes a lot of willpower to uproot yourself and move to a new country, and we want to make sure you have enough time to make significant strides in our program.








				          Will I need to leave the US after I finish your program?				        




No. As long as your company is successfully incorporated as a Delaware Corporation, you'll be eligible to stay in the US. And of course, we're partnering with the best attorneys here in Austin and they will help you.









resources


If you are interested in improving your start-up, applying for the IA program, or simply becoming an entrepreneur, IA has compiled a list of books and resources that you may find useful:


The Alpha and the Omega

Books for Startups
Slides/Videos
What We Learned from 200 Startups Who Raised $360M



Online Courses and Entrepreneurship Videos

How to Start a Startup (Sam Altman)
How to Build a Startup
Stanford Ecorner
Entrepreuneurship 101
Entrepreuneurship 102
User Innovation Path Entrepreunership



StartupBooks

Running Lean: Iterate from Plan A to a Plan That Works
Crossing the Chasm: Marketing and Selling Disruptive Products to Mainstream Customers
Venture Deals: Be Smarter Than Your Lawyer and Venture Capitalist
Business Model Generation: A Handbook for Visionaries, Game Changers, and Challengers
The Hard Thing About Hard Things: Building a Business When There Are No Easy Answers
Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future
The Startup Owner's Manual: The Step-By-Step Guide for Building a Great Company





























 


















About Us — International Accelerator












































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









About Us

I. Our Philosophy
II. Meet Our Founder
III. Our Portfolio






			our
philosophy




In a few words: 
IA is focused solely on investing in companies with non-U.S. citizen founders. We provide access to seed funding, quality mentors, and services you need to start up in the United States.



We are more than an accelerator program; IA is a trusted co-founder for your stateside venture. We are dedicated to helping non-U.S. citizen entrepreneurs set up their U.S. company, give it an “American look and feel,” and lay a sturdy foundation to build a global business.
Our experienced team leverages years of international business, design, and entrepreneurial expertise, as well as access to industry experts, active investors and potential customers.
At IA, our goal is to bring startups in and send them out with impressive products and the capability to stand on their own feet. Being entrepreneurs ourselves, we clearly know the hardships and worries all you have. We make small investments in return for small stakes. Apart from money, we are always here to give the help customized for you, so you can focus on your product and leave the rest to us.
 







    			meet ourfounder 
Angelos Angelou came to Texas from Greece as a university student in the late 70s. As a distinguished economic development leader for the Chamber of Commerce since the early 80s, he was “chief architect” of Austin’s rapid transformation into a global technology hub. Angelos led a team effort at the Chamber to recruit over 800 companies (many international like Samsung and Tokyo Electron) and helped bring 70,000 direct and 250,000 indirect jobs to Austin.
Angelos was struck by the number of successful companies that were founded by foreign-born entrepreneurs and soon began working with a Greek startup called Schoox as a mentor and investor in 2012. He saw firsthand the difficulties Schoox’s founder experienced in moving the company to the USA, and he wanted to pave an easier road to Austin for other foreign entrepreneurs.
He realized that all foreign born entrepreneurs need an American ally for their companies and products to have the opportunity to succeed here. Thus, he created the International Accelerator to act as that ally for a greater number of companies.




				Coupled with his personal story of moving to the USA from Greece as a teenager, he wanted to pave an easier road to Austin for other foreign entrepreneurs.    		





		our
portfolio

 




Go Read
Changing the way people write, read & experience books. Providing readers a fun, engaging community, while supplying self-published authors innovating tools, at a fraction of the price.
Join the fastest growing Community of Readers and Authors, and Connect with new friends that love the same Books you do, around the world.



 




Petrolog
Petrolog serves the oil & gas well market with an internet-of-things family of smart “Pump-Off Controllers”, well monitoring and management software, maximizing productivity of oil & gas wells.



 




Restream.io
Restream enables live content producers to multiply their audience by streaming to over 30+ online video viewing platforms simultaneously.




 




Picturio (Picturesq Inc.)
Picturesqe uses advanced computer vision algorithms and machine learning, which automate some parts of the photo selection process to save 80% of the time spent on browsing and selecting photos.



 




Schoox
Schoox offers a revolutionary social eLearning platform that enables employers to connect with a new generation that lives on their mobile device.



 




Gridmates
Gridmates joins the fight against energy poverty with the first cloud platform that enables peer-to-peer energy sharing.






























 


















SXSW 2017 — International Accelerator













































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









SXSW 2017








JOIN IA FOR A WEEK OF ACTIVITIES DESIGNED TO HELP YOU MOVE YOUR VENTURE FORWARD
** Activities and events listed in this section can be purchased separately or as a package. Contact us for group rates. **
March 10 – 15, 2017
International Accelerator is holding a series of events during SXSW 2017. Don’t miss the chance to take part in the biggest event to meet the greatest minds around the world here in Austin!
IA Event Schedule
March 8th
Pitch Coaching (March 8-9)
Exclusive one–on-one coaching with IA mentors, investors and staff. Time will be spent improving your pitch and business plan.
Venue: Casa Mexico SXSW at Emma S. Barrientos Mexican American Cultural Center  and International Accelerator headquarters
Time: 1pm – 5pm
March 9th
 
Workshops & Panels
More information coming soon.
March 10th
Fast Pitch Competition
The pitch competition is IA’s twist on the American reality TV show Shark Tank!  100+ startups will pitch to a panel of judges composed of IA’s mentors, advisors and investors, and an audience of international founders.Fastpitch Competition (March 10)
Venue: Casa Mexico SXSW at Emma S. Barrientos Mexican American Cultural CenterTime: 9:00am – 6:00pm March 10, 2017
Time: 9:00am – 6:00pm March 10, 2017
*SXSW badge is not required to watch the competition.
**Startups to must register to compete.  See Pitch Competition Rules  and  our Pitch Guide here. Schdeule coming soon.
March 12th-15th
SXSW Trade Show (March 12-15)
SXSW Trade Show is a 4-day business exhibition spanning all 3 SXSW conferences which host a wide range of forward-thinking exhibitors — from startups to established industry leaders. Innovators from all over the world converge in Austin for the SXSW Trade Show, making this a one-of-a-kind opportunity.
Want to exhibit?  Sign up for a 4-hour time-slot with us!
Venue: Austin Convention Center
Date: March 12-15
*The Trade Show is open to all SXSW badge types.
*Startups showcasing in the Trade Show must submit their company logo to Julia by February 15.
Pitch Coaching (March 8-9)
Sign up for exclusive one–on-one coaching with IA mentors, investors and staff. Time will be spent improving your pitch and business plan.
Venue: Casa Mexico SXSW at Emma S. Barrientos Mexican American Cultural Center  and International Accelerator headquarters
Time: TBA
*No SXSW badge is required to attend
Education Panels, Workshops & Party (March 9)
Casa Mexico will be hosting workshops and panels on international culture, business, and entrepreneurship. The day will end will a huge global party.  More information coming soon!
Venue: Casa Mexico SXSW at Emma S. Barrientos Mexican American Cultural Center
Time: TBA
*No SXSW badge is required to attend
SXSW Interactive Badge (March 10-14)
The SXSW Interactive is known for being a breeding ground for new ideas and creative technologies. The Interactive badge gives you access to networking events, speakers, parties, and award presentations.
Don’t miss out! Sign up today!
Ready for the best week of your life?  To sign up, email Julia at julia@internationalaccelerator.com





























 


















International Accelerator















































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.

























We take international startups to the next level
IA helps non-US entrepreneurs access the U.S. markets and funding.
Our Program






			latest updates



Featured
 The Republic of Texas in Venture Capital


Read More




Featured
 Interview: The Chief Architect Of Austin’s Tech Revolution


Read More





Featured
 Austin is one of most dynamic cities in the world


Read More




Featured
 The innovation of global startups is coming to Italy


Read More




Latest  Austin: #1 Best Places to Live in the USA


Read More




Latest  A Dream Denied


Read More




Latest  Restream: Revolutionizing Live Streaming


Read More




Latest  Accelerator raises millions to help immigrants start Austin businesses


Read More










subscribe to our newsletter

We teach international entrepreneurs how to grow in the U.S. markets










 














								ourprogram 
Our accelerator program is designed to help non-US founders raise capital and expand their startup in the US. Learn more about our hands-on approach to help you with everything you need.
Learn more




								whyaustin? 
Did you know Twitter launched at SXSW in Austin? Austin is one of the best cities to run your startup. With over $1 billion in VC funding per year, Austin provides easy access to capital alongside a relatively low cost of living & labor.
Know More




								ourteam 
Meet the team of investors, country advisors, startup mentors, and experienced entrepreneurs with successful exits, from all over the world. We know your pain as we were in your position. Now we are here to help you.
Tell me






























 


















For Investors — International Accelerator










































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









For Investors








IA offers unique investment opportunities for Angels, VCs, and other investment groups.






										For Angels									




IA invites early-stage startups to launch their venture for the first time in the U.S. This provides an opportunity for Angels to work with a venture as the first investors, spending more time mentoring companies face-to-face if they choose.
Gain access to groundbreaking companies and technologies at IA and shape the acceleration process, let IA take on the logistics.



View IA Portfolio Companies


Get in touch








										For VCs									




IA offers access to early stage ventures making their U.S. debut in Austin.  IA provides access to unique companies and technologies that would have otherwise had no presence in the U.S. and we introduce you to these companies before they make their debut in the U.S. investment community at large. Our startups look for different sizes of investments, ranging from Series A to Acquisition, so all VC firms can benefit from being in our pipeline.
Our network of investors can get to know the founders and startups 6-12 months before investing. This allows you time to track the venture’s progress and the ability to influence the startup’s trajectory on the way to hitting key milestones. We provide time-saving services for VCs by aiding in the analysis and due diligence process for investment opportunities. We also invite our network of investors to exclusive pitch events and demo days, as well as open houses and happy hours.
 



View IA Portfolio Companies


Get in touch








										For All Investors									




Whether you work for a foundation, government, or some other as-yet-undefined category, IA will allow you to make your mark on the Austin startup scene. With IA, you will have the ability to access and review investment opportunities before they hit the general U.S. investment community. IA supports direct investment opportunities by fulfilling the duties of an investment manager or other middleman; we simplify investment for foundations.
The interest level in international startups is growing and there are an increasing number of programs coming from city governments, universities, chambers of commerce, and more. Interested in supporting global entrepreneurs? Why not start here in Austin?



View IA Portfolio Companies


Get in touch


































 


















News — International Accelerator










































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









Events & Updates

I. Events
II. Featured Updates
III. Latest Updates






 
We're sorry, but there are no events available.
 






featured updates

 Interview: The Chief Architect Of Austin’s Tech Revolution

Read More


 Austin is one of most dynamic cities in the world

Read More


 The innovation of global startups is coming to Italy

Read More



 How Restream.io is freeing live video content from YouTube and Twitch

Read More





latest updates

 Austin: #1 Best Places to Live in the USA

Read More


 A Dream Denied

Read More



 Restream: Revolutionizing Live Streaming

Read More



 The Republic of Texas in Venture Capital

Read More



 Accelerator raises millions to help immigrants start Austin businesses

Read More


 9 ways to validate your startup ideias

Read More




 Foreign Entrepreneurs Have a New Visa!

Read More


 Petrolog Automation Inc. Graduates From International Accelerator

Read More



  
 
 These International Startups Want to Rock SxSW 2016

Read More



 A List of International Startup Events at SxSW 2016

Read More



 What Healthcare Events to Go at SxSW 2016?

Read More


 16 International SaaS Companies to Check out at SxSW 2016

Read More




 3 New International Startups Joined IA

Read More


 Ultimate Guide To US Taxation for Immigrant Entrepreneurs & Foreign Startups

Read More



 List of Best Tech Conferences in 2016 (Prices & Schedule)

Read More




Page 1 of 212»


































 


















Our Team — International Accelerator










































×
Angelos Angelou
Angelos has a long history in helping to build Austin’s entrepreneurial infrastructure and was part of the effort to establish the Austin Technology Incubator and the Austin Software Council (now known as the Austin Technology Council).
Angelos is an active angel investor in several technology start ups and was also an affiliated investor in fund IV of Austin Ventures. He is the Principal Executive Officer of AngelouEconomics (AE), bringing nearly 30 years of experience in economic development and corporate site selection. AE has completed over 600 strategic plans for economic development clients throughout the world and sited over $18 billion of corporate projects.









×
Norbert Wangnick
Norbert came to Austin in 2008 after having sold his company access AG, the leading recruiting consulting firm for Right Potentials™ in Germany which he had co-founded in 1991. The company had 75% of Europe’s most attractive employers as repeat clients and was the market leader in the field of recruiting highly talented graduates / Young Professionals in Germany and the EU.
Access AG invented the unique concept of recruiting events, followed by its innovative headhunting system and was also the first company to offer complete “recruiting process outsourcing” solutions where several multi-national companies outsourced their entire recruiting needs. access was acquired in 2007 by Kelly Services, a Fortune 500 company in the U.S. 
As a founder, Norbert grew the company from a 2-man idea up to 120 employees, focusing on Sales & Marketing, IT, the strategic vision, internationalization and the talent development of its own employees. He specifically enjoyed working with the pre-selected Top10% graduates, mentoring them regularly and over time as a career consultant. 
Norbert received his degree of Dipl.-Kfm. (MBA-equivalent) from University of Cologne after his B.A. of business administration at University of Munich. He also serves on the BoA of AIESEC Austin. 









×
Carmelo Gordian
Carmelo has practiced corporate and securities law throughout his 25-year legal career. He is known as a leader in the Texas venture capital and private equity community and was formerly the chairman of the San Francisco-based Brobeck Business & Technology Group. 
Carmelo’s primary focus is on life science, software, telecommunications, semiconductor and energy sector companies. His practice includes:  Advising companies and boards of directors on corporate governance issues.  Representing issuers and investment banking firms in public offerings and private financings (including PIPE, 144A and venture capital financings.  Representing acquirers and targets in a broad variety of domestic and international mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions. 
In addition to Carmelo’s company practice, he has an active practice representing GPs and LPs of hedge, private equity, venture capital and real estate funds. These funds range from several tens of millions of dollars to multibillion-dollar funds.









×
Emil Abirascid
Emil Abirascid joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  He is the Founder and CEO of Startupbusiness, the social network where startups, investors, enterprises, universities, incubators and scientific parks can exchange experiences, resources, projects, and do business together.  Besides running his company and assisting IA to find quality startups, Emil is also an active journalist that writes on innovation.









×
Thomas Bebis
Thomas Bebis joined the International Accelerator in 2014.  His background combines science and technology with management and policy.  Thomas has worked and carried out research on theoretical and experimental nanotechnology at Yale University and TUDelft.  Most recently, he was the coordinator of the SXSW 2015 panel titled "Austin: The New Gateway for International Startups" and has also served as a judge at the MIT Enterprise Forum Greece's Startup Competition.









×
Arie Brish
Arie Brish joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He has performed a wide variety of roles and contributed to several corporations.  Currently, Arie is a Partner at Levant Energy Group, an Advisor at Almon Alexander (an investment firm), a Member of the Executive Board of Directors for the Texas-Israel Chamber of Commerce, and the Principal of cxo360 (business development and strategic advisory services).









×
Farley Duvall
Farley Duvall joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the CEO and Co-Founder of White Bull Summits, an events services company primarily focused on helping TMT (technology, media, and telecommunications) businesses succeed through talks given by various speakers and the exchange of ideas and networks.  Previously, Farley has served as an Advisor, Partner, and Managing Director for a number of different organizations. 









×
Steve Glange
Steve Glange joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Co-Founder of FirstTuesday, a networking forum in the Greater Region of Saarland, Lorraine, Luxembourg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Wallonia, French Belgium, and German Belgium.  Steve has assisted in launching and developing several emerging companies and also holds various advisory board seats.









×
Farouq Hassan
Farouq Hassan joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and Former CEO of Eypreonics, a car theft security solution startup.  Farouq is also heavily involved in improving entrepreneurship in Egypt, currently serving as the Chapter Director of Startup Grind Cairo and as an Entrepreneurship and Business Literacy Trainer for INJAZ Egypt.









×
Augustin Jarack
Augustin Jarak joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He is the Founder and CEO of Tourism4me, a company that develops software for the hospitality industry.  Augustin is a startup enthusiast who is currently involved in Startup Grind Zagreb as the Chapter Director, Startup Digest as the Curator for Croatia, Startup Genome as the Curator for Croatia, and World Startup Report as the Ambassador for Croatia.









×
Zeeshan Shahid
Zeeshan Shahid joined the International Accelerator in 2014. He is a Senior Program Manager at The Indus Entrepreneurs.









×
Kyrill Zlobenko
Kyrill Zlobenko joined the International Accelerator in 2015.  He specializes in areas of business development, product development, media analytics, and risk management.  Being a big advocate of "entrepreneurship without borders", Kyrill has co-founded and worked with several ventures in various countries.  His past projects include eCozy, Pricelessly, BMAT, and more.  Kyrill strives to assist startups open up new markets, customers, and cultures.









×
Diego Echecopar
Diego Echecopar joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the CEO and Founder of Bocadio in Lima, Peru. He specializes in Project development, start-ups, entreprenurial ventures, real estate valuations, financial modelling, mergers and acquisitions and investment management.









×
Christian Boas
Christian Boas joined the International Accelerator in 2016 and will assist startups from Germany and neighbouring countries. He specializes in areas of business development, finance and supporting with investment documentation. He has been encouraging transatlantic relations between Germany and the US since the start of being part of the startup comunnity. Christian has been a VC and assisted several startups of the portfolio internationalising so that he would like to bring this experience to startups interested in joining this program. Christian wants to enable foreign startups suceed in their native markets and make the next progression to the US.









×
Four Yang
Four Yang joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He specializes in VC, global business development, marketing, project management and RD. He is an highly motivated professional with 14 years experience in Global TMT industry. He has also helped many potential companies grow from the aspects of technical support, supply chain management and expanding business.









×
Tomas Denecken
Tomas Denecken joined the International Accelerator in 2016. He's currently the Chilean Operations Manager for Raicap, a VC that invested mainly in LatAm businesses.









×
Greg Stevens










×
Giacomo Ghiraldo
Giacomo joined the International Accelerator in 2015. He has worked as an Associate in the Venture Capital Industry either in Europe and in the U.S.
Giacomo has an extensive network in U.S., Europe and the Middle-East where he worked, studied and lived. Giacomo earned a MSc in Business Administration at the University of Padua and he also study at the Tel Aviv University in Israel.









×
Philip Robertshaw










×
Jaime de la Garza










×
Josué Delgado










×
Future Advisor
Please contact our Country Advisor Manager Julia Salume (julia@internationalaccelerator.com) if you're interested in becoming IA's country advisor.









×
BOB BRIDGE
Bob Bridge, PhD, is an active mentor of technology start-up companies. Bob has been in high-tech start-ups since 1985, has been founding CEO at three companies, and has raised $59M in funding since 2000. Bob founded InView Technology Corp, an infrared camera company based upon technology licensed from Rice University. At InView, Bob was co-author of seven US patents. Before InView, Bob took Zilker Labs, a power-management IC start-up from a marketing concept to acquisition by a public company. Bob has also served as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Austin Ventures where he co-founded Copan Systems, as VP of Marketing at Agere which was acquired for $430M, and as VP & General Manager of public company Cirrus Logic. Early in his career he worked at AT&T Bell Labs and Motorola. He has also served on the board of directors of clean-energy company Solar Power Technology.









×
APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
Toli is the CTO of Metanautix, a Silicon Valley Big Data Analytics infrastructure
startup funded by Sequoia Capital. Before Metanautix, Toli was at Facebook developing
infrastructure behind the world's largest photo repository. He single-handedly created and
implemented the dynamic image processing architecture that drives the photo layouts
in Timeline and News Feed. Toli is a veteran of several technology companies,
including Marketcetera and Techfuel (both learning experiences that died untimely
deaths), CenterRun (acquired by Sun Microsystems), and Trilogy Software in Austin, TX.
In his earliest venture, as Chief Scientist with Align Technology (a public company
now), he was part of the founding team that created the Invisalign clear braces device,
prompting an ongoing interest in healthcare, later leading to his co-founding of Alabama's
first Residential Treatment Center for Eating Disorders (sold to private equity). He
holds an MS and BS in Computer Science from Stanford University, where he also received
the Walter J. Gores Award for Excellence in Teaching while part of the PhD program
(which he never completed).









×
STAN TIMS










×
REBECCA GONZALES
Rebecca Gonzales brings 20 years of marketing experience to The International Accelerator. In 2012, Rebecca became an entrepreneur, starting her own marketing consultancy after nearly 20 years in high tech. In her tenure in the technology industry, Rebecca launched products, planned and executed marketing strategies, and executed marketing programs around the world. Rebecca has immersed herself in learning all she can about Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship.

Rebecca is a founding steering committee member of the IMPACT Texas Summit on Impact Investing and Social Entrepreneurship. The inaugural event took place Jan 9-10, 2014 and brought together over 250 social entrepreneurs, investors, non-profits, and philanthropists. She is also a member of the 2014 Leadership Austin Essential program.


Rebecca holds a BA in Journalism from Southern Methodist University and an Institute for Managerial Leadership Certificate from the University of Texas’ McCombs School of Business Executive Education.









×
MONICA LANDERS










×
YING MCGUIRE










×
MARK MCDERMOTT










×
STEVE BEATTY










×
CHRIS PORCH










×
ARIE BRISH










×
CHRISTINE LERIOS
Christine is a startup veteran, having spent more than 15 years running
operations and marketing efforts for small companies in the technology
(Metanautix, Trilogy Software), finance (Honeycomb Wealth, Blue Jeans
Millionaire), healthcare (Magnolia Creek), and non-profit (Umlauf
Sculpture Garden, Thundering Paws, Kalani Honua) sectors.



Christine's early career was in marketing, but her curiosity has led her
to amass an evolving set of hands-on skills highly valued by her startup
clients. She has launched offices and products, created onboarding
protocols, implemented accounting and reimbursement systems, run payroll
and banking, coded websites (HTML, PHP, Drupal, and Wordpress), written
and designed marketing collateral, authored manuals, planned events and
conferences, and - her favorite - wrangled developers.



Christine is currently with Metanautix, a funded Silicon Valley based
startup in the big data infrastructure space. She was their first
non-technical hire and singlehandedly ran operations, human resources,
and accounting for two years as the company grew tenfold. Christine
holds a BA degree in Human Biology, with a dual degree in Economics,
from Stanford University.









×
KERRY RUPP
Kerry Rupp is Chief Operating Officer at Medical Innovation Labs, a new hub for healthcare innovation that commercializes breakthrough medical and clinical research, translating discoveries and inventions into products that meaningfully improve patient care.

With over 20 years of executive strategy and operations experience, Kerry has spent much of her career helping to launch and grow startup companies. Most recently, she was CEO and General Partner at DreamIt Ventures, a top-10 US startup accelerator. During her tenure, DreamIt helped launch 165 companies, grew to five cities, raised a $15+M follow-on fund, and initiated the DreamIt Access and DreamIt Health programs, the latter in conjunction with Penn Medicine, Independence Blue Cross, Johns Hopkins University, Northrup Grumman, Kaiser Permanente and others. DreamIt companies now have a market value of over $811M. Kerry was herself the founder of an online group travel service, Holiday Golightly. Before DreamIt, Kerry served in Vice President level positions at Jobster, Classmates and LexisNexis and was a consultant at McKinsey and Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). She also provided marketing, strategy & business development consulting to senior executives at AllRecipes, ReadersDigest, Payscale, and Taleo. Kerry holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in Biology from Duke University.









×
GAIL S. PAGE










×
HARVEY RING










×
DAVID ROUSSEL










×
DAVID SIKORA










×
ANDRES CARVALLO
Area of Expertise: Energy, Telecommunications, Computers, and Software









×
DAVE MANZER










×
ED KOWALSKI
Areas of expertise: Brand management, Omni-channel sales management, brand development









×
TED DOUCET
Ted Doucet joined Oxford Commercial in 2006 after launching his commercial real estate career in 2004.  Ted was recognized in 2012 as Oxford Commercial's Top Producer. At Oxford Commercial, Ted is primarily focused on tenant services and helps his clients locate and negotiate for the lease or purchase of office space.  His clients enjoy seamless best-in-class access to local, regional, national and global commercial real estate services, platforms, technologies and value-added partners. Ted currently is a board advisor for International Accelerator, which provides an efficient pathway to bring highly valued international businesses to the U.S., matching them with capital, proven business leaders, top-tier professional services, and residency support.



Previously, Ted spent 26 years working in the high-tech industry in sales and sales leadership roles. His experience, including 14 years working at leading Austin based high-tech start-ups, provides him with a unique understanding of the region, its innovation industries and their business objectives. He has a proven track record of helping organizations solve their most significant business challenges through his consultative approach. 



Ted’s previous professional accomplishments and experience include being an instrumental member of the executive team that built Pervasive Software into an industry leader and helped guide them through their initial public offering in 1997. Additionally, he has been a top producer at companies such as Digital Equipment Corporation, Sybase and Triactive.









×
ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
Adrian offers a successful track record of people management, upstream and downstream product management in Structural Heart, Neurovascular, Peripheral and Cardiology with profitable worldwide product launches. With his strong analytical acumen and ability to execute with little or no support teams and a highly matrix organization, he has successfully put together strategies and implemented tactics for products with lifecycles ranging from new to mature. Leveraging his multicultural background, he has excelled at leading multicultural teams and has created strong global relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs).









×
WILLIAM T. EDWARDS










×
ED RIVADAVIA










×
JENNIFER GALLEGOS
Jennifer G. Gallegos, Senior Consultant, combines her technical expertise and unique collaborative energy to solve challenging fire and life safety problems for complex commercial projects.

Gallegos graduated with a degree in Environmental Engineering and a minor in Spanish from Stanford University. She also completed coursework in energy efficient buildings, computers and interfaces, spanish literature, computer science, electric power: renewables and efficiency, and politics, culture, and modernization of Chilean society. Gallegos is a licensed Professional Engineer (Fire Protection Branch) in Texas. She also has interests in early stage companies, green technology, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, 3-D printing, and music.









×
TYRON STADING
Tyron Stading founded Innography in 2006 with a vision of redefining the intelligence/analytics landscape. As president and founder of Innography, Mr Stading believes his mission is to make insights easier and more integrated into business processes. He is responsible for product strategy, engineering, technology roadmap and the development of strategic partnerships. Under his product leadership, Innography received two CODiE awards in 2014, for Best Aggregated Content and Legal Information Solution. Tyron has been named IAM's top "300 IP Strategies" in the world, and National Law Journal's "50 Intellectual Property Trailblazers & Pioneers". 









×
COLE HARMONSON
Prior to co-founding Far West Capital, in 1996 Cole founded, grew, ran and successfully sold a factoring and asset based lending division of a publicly held bank (TXUI), Texas United Bancshares, Inc., which sold in 2007. In 2007, Cole started and grew Far West Capital from a three person office to a nationwide lender with coast to coast offices, including Los Angeles, El Paso, Dallas, Austin, Cleveland, Atlanta and Washington D.C. In 2014, Far West Capital created Far Reaching, Far West Capital’s social impact initiative to help galvanize entreprenuerial and non-profit heros, since then Far Reaching has raised and donated over $200,000 for non-profits and through it’s alliance with Grameen America has help over 1000 minority women in Austin, Texas go from minimum wage worker to business owner.  









×
SALVADOR APUD










×
MELANIE MAHAFFEY
As a mentor, Melanie Mahaffey brings 14 years of public relations, communications and marketing expertise. A budding entrepreneur herself, Melanie recently started her own PR consultancy where she advises clients on strategic communication and marketing plan development, crisis communication, media relations and community involvement. During her career, Melanie has had the privilege to work with civic leaders and corporate executives across a variety of sectors including entertainment, tech, government, sports, consumer and lifestyle, business, retail, and transportation.

Melanie received her B.A. in communications studies with a business and marketing concentration from The University of Texas at Austin.










×
CARLOS ANCIRA










×
SCOTT GARDNER










×
MARTIN TYSON
Martin Tyson is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of Global Agility Solutions, a custom virtual workforce solutions company based in Austin, Texas with operations in Baguio, Philippines.  Martin helps companies maximize the effectiveness of current employees by outsourcing the 30% of “busy work” and menial tasks that take away from their core competencies.
Martin is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years experience building new markets for existing companies and has been a founder of multiple start ups.  He has held roles from President/CEO to C level marketing and sales roles in a variety of industries including IT Staffing, online gaming, retail and digital marketing.
He is a graduate of Culver Military Academy and holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Other interests include classic wooden boats, golf, water sports, live music, and basketball.










×
MIKE LEHRTER
Mike has over 25 years of international business experience with a focus on international business expansion.  Mike joined Dell Inc. as it was initially setting up and expanding internationally in Europe.  Mike led marketing and business development of new business units in the EU and went on to plan and launch Dell South Africa and set up and manage the Dell Emerging Markets business.  He led development of distributor and direct business expansion into 75 countries in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.  
Mike was a founding partner in Austin based Angel investing group the Eyes of Texas partners and has a portfolio of startup investments which he cultivates and advises.  He also led development of a European Life Settlements business structure for Austin based Vida Capital and more recently rescued and led a retail distribution company in the United Kingdom.  
Mike has spent a considerable portion of his professional career outside the USA and has lived and worked in Germany, Israel, South Africa and the United Kingdom.  He has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and and MBA from the London Business School.









×
JEREMY PALAFOX










×
KATINA KENYON
Katina Kenyon is a sales and marketing executive at Applaudo Studios, a nearshore software development studio delivering mobile and web applications optimized for any device. She brings 16 years of global leadership, living and working in Brazil and Central America for 6 years as an expat for Dell, Inc. Katina brings extensive knowledge of the LATAM market and what it takes to win a Global marketplace. From leading sales teams, creating and implementing go-to-market strategies and driving performance thru marketing, she is a passionate and seasoned executive. Katina lives in Austin, TX with her husband and two kids and though she grew up in her family’s Greek restaurant, she is still figuring out the whole cooking thing.









×
ALEX BROWN
A visionary supply chain executive with experience in delivering programs and processes with a proven track record of providing profit margin support via total supply chain improvement. Creative thinking coupled with process discipline enables execution of operational and strategic initiatives. 
A hands-on coaching style that enables team-based performance improvement while instilling an attitude of success. Proven leadership demonstrated by focused teams that achieve high level results in difficult environments. Excellent communicator enabling influencing at all organizational levels.
Specialties: Procurement and Supply Chain change Management, Strategic Sourcing, Suppler Quality Management, Business Process Re-Engineering, Materials Planning Management, Cross Functional Team Building, & Coaching.









×
NIKOS IATROPOULOS
Nikos is the Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures. He is responsible for corporate marketing, implementing and monitoring internal operating processes and procedures, establishing and nourishing relationships with university partners, overseeing business development, managing internal and external legal teams, and ensuring that Kairos is well positioned to grow, including the company’s expansion to the East Coast with an office in New York City.

Prior to Kairos, Nikos was the CEO of Lingospot, an enterprise software company he co-founded. Under his leadership, Lingospot became a key provider of semantic search and machine learning technologies to some of the world’s largest media and technology companies, including Bloomberg, Forbes, Time Inc., Intel, Sky, Boston.com, USA Today, Gannett, McClatchy and many others. Nikos led Lingospot’s expansion into deep scene-level metadata services for cable companies, direct broadcast satellite companies, over the top TV distributors, consumer electronics manufacturers and TV and cable networks. He then negotiated Lingospot’s acquisition by Piksel, one of the largest over the top video software platforms in the world, with customers having over 85 Million monthly subscribers. Following the acquisition, Nikos stayed with Piksel as Senior Vice President of Business Development, Media and Telecom. At Piksel, he worked with customers such as AT&T, SONY Pictures and Sky.

Prior to founding Lingospot, Nikos was the founding CEO of Upstream, a global mobile marketing company with over $100M in revenue and 65M subscribers in 43 countries. He was also the founder of Snack TV, led the global launch of RCS Mobile (acquired by Clear Channel), and has served on the Boards or advised several digital media companies including Behavioral Signals, Out There Media, NCI Mobility (acquired by InTouch), Hi-Tide Media and Event Now. Nikos is also a Judge for the MIT $100K Competition, a Mentor for the Columbia University Entrepreneurship Coaches Network and a Judge for the Columbia University Venture Competition.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from Columbia University and an MBA from the MIT
Sloan School of Management.









×
MICHAEL MILLER
Michael Miller has nearly 30 years of experience successfully executing private investment, M&A and structured finance transactions and providing leadership to companies in both the conventional and clean energy sectors. Michael is currently Managing Partner of Mill Consulting Group, LP, a corporate finance advisory firm providing M&A, structured finance and other strategic advisory services to both U.S. domestic and international companies.  His recent assignments have included advising J.B. Poindexter & Co. Inc. on its acquisition of Reading Truck Body, LLC in October 2015. More recently, he served as interim COO/CFO in the turnaround and repositioning of an Austin, TX-based digital media and advertising company. Prior to his role at Mill Consulting, Michael was a Managing Director at Perseus, LLC, a Washington, DC-based private equity and merchant banking firm with some $2.0 billion in capital commitments. Michael was co-head of the energy and environmental technology investing practice at Perseus and responsible for investments in nine portfolio companies through 2014 and the successful exit of three of those. Michael joined Perseus in 2005 and played an important role in raising Perseus Partners VII, LP, which achieved final close at $600 million in 2007.  He served on the boards of Chroma Energy, Inc., Distributed Energy Systems Corp. (NASDAQ: DESC), SEVA Energie AG, Puralube, Inc., AGO AG Energie + Anlagen, Baumot AG, Seismic Equipment Solutions, LP, and Twintec AG. 
Prior to joining Perseus, Michael spent a number of years working on projects through Mill Consulting Group. One of his major clients was Beal Bank in Plano, TX, the largest privately owned bank in the state, which he advised in its pursuit of distressed real estate and non-performing loan portfolios in Europe. Michael was one of four partners at Swiss Life Private Equity Partners AG in Zurich, Switzerland, which managed a combined portfolio of some $2.4 billion in fund and direct investments. He was also a Vice President at Enron, where he led the Principal Investments Group (Enron’s corporate venture capital group) and also the Corporate Development team with Enron Caribbean Basin, which successfully acquired several hundred MW of generating assets in Panama, the Dominican Republic and Colombia.
Michael previously held positions of leadership at UBS Capital GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany (Founder and MD), and Union Bank of Switzerland (Head of Structured Finance). Michael began his career as an investment banker at Salomon Brothers in both New York City and Frankfurt, Germany. He has executed transactions in multiple continents since beginning his career in 1985. 
Michael graduated from Rice University with Bachelor’s Degrees in both Chemical Engineering and German and was a member of the Rice Owl baseball team. He also holds an MBA from the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice.









×
RAY WOLF
In his most recent role as Senior Vice President of Innovation & Architecture at Lumeris, Wolf led the transformation to a cloud based enterprise, developed new technology products, and created a culture of innovation.
Previously Wolf served as COO with Redirect Health, where he provided oversight on all aspects of the organization’s business operations, innovation strategies and financial growth. 
At OpenSymmetry, Wolf served as President where he guided the company to a cloud-based system, restored profitability globally and expanded their partner ecosystem.  OpenSymmetry’s valuation doubled and the company was selected to the Inc. 5000 list in successive years under his leadership.  
His dynamic career also features leadership roles with leading organizations, including Dell, United Technologies, Brocade and Green Integrated Services.  
Wolf holds a Master of Business Administration in finance with a concentration in technology innovation from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and a Bachelor of Engineering in mechanical engineering from State University of New York at Stony Brook. He has also completed executive education programs at both Harvard Business School and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Wolf holds two US patents and numerous professional affiliations, including the American Institute for Artificial Intelligence, American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Austin Technology Council, National Association of Corporate Directors, Association for Corporate Growth, Texas HIMSS, and is past chairman of the Austin Chamber CEO Peer Advisory Program where he was recognized as Volunteer of the Year.









×
ANTONIO LOPES
António is an accomplished Semiconductor and Systems executive with a passion to take profitable Designs-to-Customers.
Extensive experience in start-ups, Alchemy Semiconductor (acquired by AMD) and Kinematix, and Fortune 1000 companies, AMD, Brocade Communications, Fairchild Semiconductor and Silicon Graphics, with particular focus in Outsourcing Operations, Program Management, Marketing and Engineering with domestic and global customers, markets, suppliers and partners.  He has worked extensively with semiconductor and systems contract manufacturers with domestic and global presence.
He has been engaged with various Portuguese agencies for over 15-years as an advisor to ICEP/AICEP, Ministry of Higher Education and Portugal Ventures.
Most recently António was COO of Kinematix, a wearables start-up company based in Portugal.









×
KRURRAM QURESHI
Khurram Qureshi brings a wealth of industry expertise perfectly suited for software services and products spanning multiple domains.
Most recently, Khurram spent six years at Comcast where he was Executive Director, Software.  In this role he led and shipped millions of X1 set-top boxes using RDK for both gateway and IP client devices, working with vendors such as Arris, Pace, Samsung and Cisco.
Prior to Comcast, Khurram spent four years at Motorola Mobility (now part of Lenovo) leading application software development for mobile devices.  He was also Vice President of Engineering at Metrowerks, a software development tools company where he oversaw all global engineering operations.
Khurram earned both his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and MBA degrees from the University of Texas at Austin. He currently resides in Austin, Texas with his wife and three sons.









×
IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
Ioannis Papapanagiotou is a senior architect at Netflix, a research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico, and a graduate faculty at Purdue University. He holds a dual Ph.D. degree in Computer Engineering and Operations Research. He focuses on distributed systems, cloud computing, machine learning, and the internet of things. In the past, Ioannis has served in the faculty ranks of Purdue University (tenure-track) and NC State University, a senior engineer at IBM and a researcher in Europe. He has been awarded the NetApp faculty fellowship and established an Nvidia CUDA Research Center at Purdue University. Ioannis has also received the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship, Academy of Athens Ph.D. Fellowship for his Ph.D. research, and best paper awards in several IEEE conferences for his academic contributions. Ioannis has authored a number of research articles and patents. Ioannis is a senior member of ACM and IEEE.









×
NIKOS MICHALAKIS
Nikos has worked on a variety of technology and engineering positions in start-ups and high growth companies in the intersection between large-scale systems and machine learning. He has built high-speed servers for online advertising at Adconion Media (acquired by Amobee), recommendation engines in ed tech at Knewton (the leader in adaptive learning), big data query engines and online products at Metanautix (acquired by Microsoft), micro-service frameworks at Netflix, and cloud infrastructure at Toyota Research Institute to support autonomous driving and robotics. He has led projects from concept to launch and grown, mentored and managed tech teams under his initiatives to tens of engineers. He has experienced the growing pains of start-ups at different stages of growth: from pitch to seed, from series A to B to C to D. And from nothing to something and then back to nothing (much wisdom found in those lessons). He is originally from Greece and married to an Italian. He holds a B.S. and M.Eng. from MIT in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.









×
Gabriel Hidd
Hidd has worked and volunteered in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Panama.
AIESEC Alumnus, he co-founded AIESEC in Santos - his home town - and became President of the same in 2014 reaching 300% of growth in organization results.
He was the National Director of Organizational Development of AIESEC in Panama for the term 2015.16 when the organization grew 80% in the first semester and won the Latin America Absolute Growth Awards of AIESEC International.
Hidd is responsible for the Selection Process of Pitch events, Human Resources and Organizational Improvements Strategies.
Gabriel holds a degree in Law.









×
Julia Salume
Julia has worked and studied communication in Brazil, management in Portugal, and volunteered in Guatemala.
AIESEC Alumnus, of AIESEC in Vitória – she became Vice-President of Marketing in 2014 reaching almost  100% of growth in the first year, and preparing the sell structure and people pipeline to make the committee to get into the top 3 of best Brazilian offices.
She also worked in a human resources and organizational development consulting firm, which pioneered the diffusion of neuroscience to support business process and management.
Júlia is responsible for the Event Management, International Relations, Digital Design and Social Community.









×
Hélio Carvalho
Helio holds a bachelor's degree in Economics from the Federal University of Sergipe (UFS), focusing on Public Policy and econometric analysis. He worked in Aracaju as a controller, as well as in AIESEC in Aracaju as Finance Director, founded and was the first president of the Junior Enterprise of Economics in UFS, Rating Consultoria Econômica
He also was the president of the student association of his course and three times member of the national support team of AIESEC in Brazil.
Hélio is responsible for finance management and information management.









×
Anya Razina
Anya Razina has a ten-year career in customer experience, executive support and efficiency optimization. Her expertize covers oil and gas, hi-tech and video game industries with a strong focus on start-up environments. She is a professional interpreter from and to Russian, English and Spanish languages. Anya has been previously in charge of technical support and customer experience optimization at Homeaway, and recently led content production and localization for an international gaming media outlet. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs and helping them turn their most daring ideas into success stories.









Our Team

I. Senior Managers
II. Staff
III. Mentors
IV. Country Advisors
V. Outreach Partners
VI. Program Advisors
VII. Partners
VIII. Sponsors






    			senior
managers









Angelos Angelou
FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, ENTREPRENEUR
+ Read More










Norbert Wangnick
BOARD MEMBER & PARTNER, ENTREPRENEUR
+ Read More










Carmelo Gordian
BOARD MEMBER & PARTNER, ENTREPRENEUR
+ Read More




    			our
staff









Gabriel Hidd
Venture Associate
+ Read More










Julia Salume
Venture Associate
+ Read More










Hélio Carvalho
Venture Associate
+ Read More










Anya Razina
Business Operations Manager
+ Read More








mentors


IA matches each portfolio company with a mentor whose experience, knowledge, and network of relationships that complements the needs of the portfolio company. The mentor helps the portfolio company develop plans, goals, and objectives over the portfolio’s yearlong participation in the IA program.
IA mentors have been successful in their fields and they are eager to roll up their sleeves and use their experience to help their companies reach their fullest potential.
If you are interested in learning more about or joining the IA mentor program, please contact us.









BOB BRIDGE
+ Read More
Advisor and Mentor for Startup Companies








APOSTOLOS "TOLI" LERIOS
+ Read More
Chief Technology Officer at Metanautix, Inc.








STAN TIMS
+ Read More
Product Management at IBM








REBECCA GONZALES
+ Read More
Alliance and Relationship Marketing








MONICA LANDERS
+ Read More
CEO at Authors, Inc.









YING MCGUIRE
+ Read More
VP International Operations in Technology Industry








MARK MCDERMOTT
+ Read More
Educator, entrepreneur, mentor & fixer upper








STEVE BEATTY
+ Read More
Consultant at KTP Consulting Services








CHRIS PORCH
+ Read More
Entrepreneur & Angel Investor








ARIE BRISH
+ Read More
Business Development at enVerid Systems









CHRISTINE LERIOS
+ Read More
Operations at Metanautix








KERRY RUPP
+ Read More
COO at Medical Innovation Labs








GAIL S. PAGE
+ Read More
Managing Partner at Vineyard Investment AdvisorsCo-Founder and Executive Chair at Consortia Health, Inc.








HARVEY RING
+ Read More
Member of the Board of Directors at Neurochaos Solutions, Inc.








DAVID ROUSSEL
+ Read More
Acquisitions and Divestitures Advisor









DAVID SIKORA
+ Read More
Founded Digby in 2006, 25 years experience in software creation








ANDRES CARVALLO
+ Read More
CEO of CMG, Board Director of Gridmates, and Former CIO at Austin Energy








DAVE MANZER
+ Read More
President of Manzer Communications








ED KOWALSKI
+ Read More
VP, Marketing & Sales at eCommission Financial Services, Inc.








TED DOUCET
+ Read More
Senior Vice President at Oxford Commercial









ADRIAN DIAZGONSEN
+ Read More
Senior Manager at St. Jude Medical








WILLIAM T. EDWARDS
+ Read More
Global Technology Strategist & Innovator at Technology Strategy & Innovation








ED RIVADAVIA
+ Read More
Business Development at One Live Media








JENNIFER GALLEGOS
+ Read More
Senior Consultant at Aon Fire Protection Engineering








TYRON STADING
+ Read More
President at Innography









COLE HARMONSON
+ Read More
Co-Founder and CEO at Far West Capital








SALVADOR APUD
+ Read More
CEO of US-Mexico Consulting, Senior Partner of ITIM America








MELANIE MAHAFFEY
+ Read More
Senior PR, Marketing, Corporate Communication Consultant








CARLOS ANCIRA
+ Read More
Retired Audit Partner from BDO USA, LLP








SCOTT GARDNER
+ Read More
CFO at Skyonic









MARTIN TYSON
+ Read More
Chief Marketing Officer at Global Agility Solutions








MIKE LEHRTER
+ Read More
CEO at Re:creation Ltd








JEREMY PALAFOX
+ Read More
Associate Media Director at Just Media, Inc








KATINA KENYON
+ Read More
VP of Sales & Marketing at Applaudo Studios








ALEX BROWN
+ Read More
Chief Procurement Office at GLOBALFOUNDRIES









NIKOS IATROPOULOS
+ Read More
Head of Operations at Kairos Ventures








MICHAEL MILLER
+ Read More
Experienced Private Equity and Corporate Finance Executive








RAY WOLF
+ Read More
CEO|COO|CTO Transformational Growth & Innovation Leader








ANTONIO LOPES
+ Read More
COO and Director at Kinematix








KRURRAM QURESHI
+ Read More
CEO at Fermat Software









IOANNIS PAPAPANAGIOTOU
+ Read More
Senior Architect at Netflix








NIKOS MICHALAKIS
+ Read More
Member of Technical Staff at Toyota Research Institute








	    			country
advisors

Country Advisors are IA’s points of contact all over the world. They help us identify and reach out to the best start-ups in the entrepreneurial ecosystems of their respective regions.
Our Country Advisors are highly entrenched and active in their local start-up scenes. They have great reputations and networking skills because they themselves have seasoned entrepreneurial experience.
If you are interested in learning more about or joining the IA Country Advisor Program, please contact the Country Advisor Manager.










Emil Abirascid

								Country
Italy

+ Read More










Thomas Bebis

								Country
Greece

+ Read More










Arie Brish

								Country
Israel

+ Read More










Farley Duvall

								Country
Spain

+ Read More










Steve Glange

								Country
Luxembourg

+ Read More










Farouq Hassan

								Country
Egypt

+ Read More










Augustin Jarack

								Country
Croatia

+ Read More










Zeeshan Shahid

								Country
Pakistan

+ Read More










Kyrill Zlobenko

								Country
Ukraine

+ Read More










Diego Echecopar

								Country
Peru

+ Read More










Christian Boas

								Country
Germany

+ Read More










Four Yang

								Country
China

+ Read More










Tomas Denecken

								Country
Argentina & Chile

+ Read More










Greg Stevens

								Country
Brazil

+ Read More










Giacomo Ghiraldo

								Country
UK & Italy

+ Read More










Philip Robertshaw

								Country
UK

+ Read More










Jaime de la Garza

								Country
Mexico

+ Read More










Josué Delgado

								Country
Mexico

+ Read More










Future Advisor

								Country
Contact us if you're interested

+ Read More







    			outreach
partners


Our Global Outreach Partners are International Accelerator’s trusted institutional partners overseas. They can be accelerator, incubators, government agencies and other startup organizations. They help us identify and source the best start-ups in their respective countries.


IA seeks to expand our partner network worldwide. If you’re interested in becoming our Outreach Partner, please email our Global Outreach Partner Manager.









Startup Mexico
Mexico








The Hellenic Initiative
Greece








Startup Chile
Chile








Hackquarters
Turkey








INCmty
Mexico









RaiCap
Chile








UGlobally
Brazil








Future Partner
Contact us if you're interested







    			program
advisors











								MEHRON AZAMEHR							

								Immigration Law							









								NIKO BONATSOS							

								Early Stage VC							









								Jason Dorsey							

								Generational Kinetics							









								John Edge							

								Innovation, Digital Economy							









								Ronald B. Richard							

								The Cleveland Foundation							









								Jim Graham							

								Bio-Tech							









	    			professional
service partners


 



Amazon Web Services


									IT, Hosting								

 



Andrews Kurth LLP


									Legal, Corporate								


 



Angelou Economics


									Economic Consulting, Industry Assessment								

 



Atchley & Associates, L.L.P.


									Consulting, Tax Services								


 



Finkelman Law


									Immigration Legal								

 



Regions Bank


									Banking Solutions								


 



Softlayer


									IT Catalyst Startup Program								

 



Braintree


									Online Payment Processing								


 



Rackspace


									Managed Dedicated & Cloud Computing Services								

 



AngelSpan


									Investor Relations, Communication								


 



Innography


									Competitive Analysis, Patent Search Software								

 



Momentus


									Software Services, Design & Development								


 



vcfo


									Consulting, Finance & HR								

 



Fortkort & Houston


									Legal, Intellectual Property								


 



Arthur J. Gallagher


									Commercial Insurance, Employee Benefits and Risk Management Solutions								

 



Azarmehr Law Group


									Immigration Legal								


 



Mercury Mambo


									Hispanic Marketing Services								

 



The High Tech Texan


									Media, Communication Strategy								


 



Colliers International


									Commercial Real Estate Assistance								

 



Gust


									SaaS funding platform Startup Community Network								


 



Far West Capital


									Private Commercial Finance								






	    			program
sponsors





The Hellenic Initiative
Economic Development
Entrepreneurship





Pflugerville
Community Development
Business Incentives































