

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Intracoastal Capital LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























intracoastal capital llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Intracoastal Capital LLC operates as an investment management firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

245 Palm Trail
Delray Beach, FL 33483
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Intracoastal Capital LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:37 AM ET

Company Overview of Intracoastal Capital LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Intracoastal Capital LLC was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Delray Beach, Florida.


245 Palm TrailDelray Beach, FL 33483United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 847-562-9031








Key Executives for Intracoastal Capital LLC




Mr. Mitchell P. Kopin


      	Co-Owner
      








Mr. Daniel B. Asher


      	Co-Owner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Intracoastal Capital LLC Key Developments

Intracoastal Capital LLC Presents at 9th Annual Conference Biotech Showcase, Jan-09-2017
Dec 20 16
Intracoastal Capital LLC Presents at 9th Annual Conference Biotech Showcase, Jan-09-2017 . Venue: HILTON SAN FRANCISCO UNION SQUARE, 333 O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 8, 2017
			    
Kadmon Holdings, Inc.



Private Placement

			      November 18, 2016
			    
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Intracoastal Capital LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Intracoastal Capital, Llc  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Intracoastal Capital, Llc 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorIntracoastal Capital, Llc 
ManagerMitchell Kopin and Daniel Asher
Current Positions23


Intracoastal Capital, Llc  has disclosed 23 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
            Portfolio manager(s) are listed as Mitchell Kopin and Daniel Asher.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
        
        
        
            Intracoastal Capital, Llc 's top industries are
            
                "Construction Special Trade Contractors" (sic 17)
                ,
                
            
                "Chemicals And Allied Products" (sic 28)
                ,
                 and 
            
                "Electronic And Other Electrical Equipment And Components, Except Computer Equipment" (sic 36)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Intracoastal Capital, Llc  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2017‑07‑14
SC 13G
CLSN / Celsion Corp.

*
104,465
712,500
582.05





2017‑06‑29
SC 13G
GBSN / Great Basin Scientific, Inc.

*

561,674






2017‑06‑05
SC 13G
TOPS / TOP Ships, Inc.

*

722,815






2017‑05‑18
SC 13G
MTBC / Medical Transcription Billing, Corp.

*
1,269,757
1,269,757
0.00





2017‑05‑02
SC 13G
APRI / Apricus Biosciences, Inc.

*
29,751
281,730
846.96





2017‑04‑27
SC 13G
MARA / Marathon Patent Group, Inc.

*

1,144,144






2017‑03‑24
SC 13G/A
NWBO / Northwest Biotherapeutics, Inc.

*
11,974,038
6,612,500
-44.78





2017‑02‑27
SC 13G
XTLB / XTL Biopharmaceuticals Ltd.

*

2,618,000






2017‑02‑21
SC 13G
GEVNW / Gevo, Inc.

*
2,408,428
761,553
-68.38





2017‑02‑21
SC 13G
HART / Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology, Inc.

*
830,247
1,472,813
77.39





2017‑02‑21
SC 13G
BSTG / Biostage, Inc.

*
830,247
1,472,813
77.39





2017‑02‑08
SC 13G/A
GNVC / GenVec, Inc.

*
1,346,799
102,599
-92.38





2017‑02‑06
SC 13G/A
DCTH / Delcath Systems, Inc.

*
2,189,141
39,478
-98.20





2017‑02‑06
SC 13G/A
RGSE / Real Goods Solar, Inc.

*
2,085,074
1,391,967
-33.24





2017‑02‑06
SC 13G/A
XGTI / XG Technology, Inc.

*
0
338,125
-67.80
0




2017‑01‑17
SC 13G
COYNW / COPsync, Inc.

*

334,926






2017‑01‑17
SC 13G
COYN / COPsync, Inc.

*

334,926






2016‑10‑19
SC 13G
BSPM / Biostar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

*

56,571






2016‑10‑14
SC 13G
INVT / Inventergy Global, Inc.

*

571,330






2016‑08‑05
SC 13G
EVOK / Evoke Pharma, Inc.

*
472,188
625,257
32.42





2016‑05‑06
SC 13G
BIOC / Biocept, Inc.

*

1,262,573






2016‑02‑11
SC 13G/A
IDI / IDI, Inc.

*

787,916






2015‑12‑11
SC 13G
SPEX / Spherix, Inc.

*

2,447,291
















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership



























INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL, LLC - BOCA RATON, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



BOCA RATON



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL, LLC
                                    



 





















I 


INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2255 GLADES RD STE 20 BOCA RATON, FL 33431
Get Directions



(561) 989-5440





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts SUSANNA KNIGHT







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Intracoastal Capital Management, LLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


















Intracoastal Capital Management, LLCCompany Information

4440 Pga BlvdPalm Beach Gardens, FL, 33410 United States(800) 733-9813 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Intracoastal Capital Management, LLC Company Profile
Security brokers and dealers, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Intracoastal Capital Management, LLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Palm Beach Gardens, FL, United States
Securities Brokerages







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Intracoastal Capital Management, LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report















Intracoastal Capital Management, LLC Revenue and Financial Data
Security brokers and dealers, nsk







Financials Information for Intracoastal Capital Management, LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.228725 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC











Company number L14000009317
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 1/15/2014
        

Principal Address
            760 E OCEAN AVE, 309, BOYNTON BEACH, 33435
            


Mailing Address 760 E OCEAN AVE, 309, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33435
        
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC Principals

Manager
                Fritz Drew S
                 


Address
                760 E OCEAN AVE, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33435
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name FRITZ               DREW          S (p)
        

Agent Address
                760 E OCEAN AVE, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33435
                

INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC Events

1 VOLUNTARY           DISSOLUTION
            

effectiveDate 5/8/2015
            

filedDate 5/8/2015
            

Description
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC has been set up 1/15/2014 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC principal adress is 760 E OCEAN AVE, 309, BOYNTON BEACH, 33435. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 760 E OCEAN AVE, 309, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33435. 
The company`s registered agent is FRITZ               DREW          S 760 E OCEAN AVE, BOYNTON BEACH, FL, 33435.  
The company`s management are Manager - Fritz Drew S. The last significant event in the company history is VOLUNTARY           DISSOLUTION which is dated by 5/8/2015. This decision is take in action on 5/8/2015. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL INVESTMENTS
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL INVESTMENTS
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL INVESTMENTS LLC
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL, LLC
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL LLC
INTRACOASTAL CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
















Intercoastal Capital Markets | Boca Raton Florida | member FINRA, MSRB, SIPC |












 



















































(561) 939-8282



















	Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc. – Disclaimer

 

	 The services of Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc. ("INTERCOASTAL"), and many of the materials on this website, are intended for broker dealer, advisor, or institutional use only, and are not intended for individual investors. Financial professionals seeking additional information should contact their INTERCOASTAL representative or their own firm's trading desk. Individual investors should contact their financial advisor. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. Although the information contained herein is believed to be correct, INTERCOASTAL makes no guarantees, express or implied, as to its completeness or accuracy. Information on this web site is subject to change. INTERCOASTAL aims to maintain the information as current and accurate but undertakes no duty to update information or to supply corrections.
Certain investment strategies, investments and products discussed by INTERCOASTAL may not be available or suitable for all institutions or investors. Regarding any investment product, investors should prudently review the relevant offering material, including the section(s) regarding risks, and consult with a qualified financial advisor prior to investing. No representations are made regarding accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. Certain products are offered by prospectus or offering circular only. Investors should consult their financial and tax advisors to determine whether a product is suitable. Investors must make their own independent decision regarding any securities or financial transactions as their particular needs, investment objectives, and financial situations were not taken into account in the preparation of this website and the materials contained herein. Users of this website agree that the information contained herein will not be the primary basis of any investment decisions and that this website does not contain an exhaustive list of all risks related to the financial products discussed herein.
This site and the documents on this site have been furnished to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced in any manner or provided to any other person. The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete. All references to prices and yields are subject to change without notice. Any opinions expressed on commentaries furnished on this site are solely those of the respective author. As such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by or on behalf of INTERCOASTAL, its officers, directors, employees or affiliates.
INTERCOASTAL's website may provide links to third-party websites. These links are provided for convenience and for informational purposes only. Users should be aware that when selecting such links they are leaving the INTERCOASTAL website. The inclusion of these links does not imply INTERCOASTAL's affiliation with, or endorsement of, these sites, or of their content, advertisers, or sponsors, nor does it imply said third-party's affiliation with, or endorsement of, INTERCOASTAL. INTERCOASTAL is not responsible in any manner for any linked/third-party site. Questions regarding these third-party sites should be directed to the original source.
This site is published in the United States and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
















Intercoastal Capital Markets | Boca Raton Florida | member FINRA, MSRB, SIPC |












 


















































(561) 939-8282
















































Welcome ToIntercoastal Capital Markets Inc.

















Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc | Boca Raton Florida | member FINRA, MSRB, SIPC |












 



















































(561) 939-8282


















Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc. (member  FINRA, MSRB, SIPC), a wholly owned subsidiary of parent company Trifecta Group  Holdings LLC, is a registered broker dealer engaged in the wholesale  distribution of fixed income securities. Our mission is to offer the most  efficient access of all fixed income asset classes to the Dealer, Advisor, and  Institutional marketplace.
Why Intercoastal?
  Diverse Distribution Platform – We have  partnered with hundreds of dealer, institutional, and advisor clients, offering  access to and liquidity with the largest fixed income trading desks in the  United States.
Broad Range of Offerings – Transacting in  both primary and secondary issues, Intercoastal offers a wide range of  investment opportunities including mortgage backed securities, agencies,  municipals, CD’s and corporate notes.
 Experienced Staff – Intercoastal’s traders  have roots in the wholesale and institutional side of the fixed income business  and possess decades of combined experience within the industry. Our Sales and  Operations staff are professional, knowledgeable and energetic and understand  the importance of earning our clients trust and confidence.
 Technology & Resources – Intercoastal  maintains access to the leading platforms and systems to ensure timely and  accurate transaction executions, the best possible liquidity, up to the minute  depth of market and portfolio analysis and strategic commentary and news for  our clients.  
Stability and Integrity – Combining a  diverse inventory, strong relationships, stable market capitalization and  ethical and experienced principals gives Intercoastal an unbeatable mix that  fosters responsible growth and unparalleled strength.   


















Intercoastal Capital Markets | Boca Raton Florida | member FINRA, MSRB, SIPC |












 


















































(561) 939-8282



















	Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. – Anti-Money Laundering Policy Statement

 

Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. is committed to conducting its business and operations with the highest ethical standards and in full conformity with the anti-money laundering (AML) regulations and statutes. Money Laundering is the process used to transform cash or other funds generated from illegal activities into legitimate financial institutions or businesses to conceal the initial source of the funds or to create assets that appear to come from legitimate sources. In addition, terrorist activities have added another dimension to money laundering whereby funds (whether legally created or not) are used to fund illegal activities. 
Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. is also committed to knowing its customers and potential customers. This commitment and understanding is also necessary for Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. and all its employees to avoid criminal liability as a result of customers using the resources of the institution for illicit purposes (i.e., money laundering and the funding of terrorist or criminal activity). Therefore, it is the responsibility of all Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. employees to make all reasonable efforts to deter money laundering activities and determine the true identity of its customers and to maintain a clear understanding of its customers’ financial needs and practices.
Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. has therefore developed and implemented written anti-money laundering policies, procedures, internal controls and systems, which include but are not limited to the following: Establishment of an effective and reasonable customer identification program (“CIP”) using documentary and non-documentary methods; Development and implementation of internal policies, procedures, and controls designed to detect and deter money laundering and suspicious activities and report of such transactions to appropriate parties/agencies as required; Designation of one or more qualified individuals responsible for implementing and monitoring the day-to-day operations and internal controls of the program; Sharing information with other financial institutions; Independent audit of AML program by an outside party; Ongoing AML training for appropriate Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. personnel.
Please contact Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc. at 561-939-8282 with any further questions regarding our Anti-Money Laundering program. 

	Sincerely,
	John Rogers
        Chief Operating Officer
        Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc.
















Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc | Boca Raton Florida | member FINRA, MSRB, SIPC |












 



















































(561) 939-8282


















Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc. (member  FINRA, MSRB, SIPC), a wholly owned subsidiary of parent company Trifecta Group  Holdings LLC, is a registered broker dealer engaged in the wholesale  distribution of fixed income securities. Our mission is to offer the most  efficient access of all fixed income asset classes to the Dealer, Advisor, and  Institutional marketplace.
Why Intercoastal?
  Diverse Distribution Platform – We have  partnered with hundreds of dealer, institutional, and advisor clients, offering  access to and liquidity with the largest fixed income trading desks in the  United States.
Broad Range of Offerings – Transacting in  both primary and secondary issues, Intercoastal offers a wide range of  investment opportunities including mortgage backed securities, agencies,  municipals, CD’s and corporate notes.
 Experienced Staff – Intercoastal’s traders  have roots in the wholesale and institutional side of the fixed income business  and possess decades of combined experience within the industry. Our Sales and  Operations staff are professional, knowledgeable and energetic and understand  the importance of earning our clients trust and confidence.
 Technology & Resources – Intercoastal  maintains access to the leading platforms and systems to ensure timely and  accurate transaction executions, the best possible liquidity, up to the minute  depth of market and portfolio analysis and strategic commentary and news for  our clients.  
Stability and Integrity – Combining a  diverse inventory, strong relationships, stable market capitalization and  ethical and experienced principals gives Intercoastal an unbeatable mix that  fosters responsible growth and unparalleled strength.   


















Intercoastal Capital Markets | Boca Raton Florida | member FINRA, MSRB, SIPC |












 



















































(561) 939-8282



















	Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. Business Continuity Plan


	 


	Purpose of the Business Continuity Plan


	The Business Recovery Plan at Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. (Firm) is intended to provide a framework to ensure the Firm’s uninterrupted operations and/or restoration of its business and operations in the most efficient and timely manner in case of an internal or external SBD (Significant Business Disruption). An SBD can be caused by any accidental, natural or man-made malicious event that threatens or does disrupt normal operations or services for a sufficient time to affect significantly, or cause failure to, an organization.


I. Emergency Contact Persons


	Our Firm’s three (3) emergency contacts are:


	John W. Rogers Jr.
	General Principal, Chief Operations Officer & Chief Compliance Officer
	Phone – 561-939-8258
	Cell – 561-459-7254
	Email: jrogers@intercoastalcm.com


	Karen Z. Fischer
	Chief Financial Officer and Fin-Op
	Phone – 561-939-8282
	Cell – 561-789-7403
	Email: kfischer@intercoastalcm.com


	C. David Bird
	General Prinicpal
	Phone – 561-939-8282
	Cell – 954-242-1947
	Email: db@intercoastalcm.com


	These names and information will be updated in the event of a material change, and will be reviewed within 30 business days of the end of each fiscal year.


II. Firm Policy


	Our Firm’s policy is to respond to a Significant Business Disruption (SBD) by safeguarding employees’ lives and Firm property, making a financial and operational assessment, quickly recovering and resuming operations, protecting all of the Firm’s books and records, and allowing our clients to transact business. In the event that we determine that we are unable to continue our business, we will assure clients prompt access to their funds and securities.


	Significant Business Disruptions (SBDs)


	Our plan anticipates two kinds of SBDs. Internal SBDs are interruptions that deny access to our facilities or resources and only affect our Firm’s ability to communicate and conduct business. External SBDs prevent the operation of the securities markets or a number of firms. With either type of disruption, if our critical Information Technology systems are disrupted, we will have to rely on our key third party processors, vendors, suppliers and financial institutions. Whether the disruption is internal or external, Intercoastal Capital Market’s plan is designed to recover our business functionality and process all outstanding business.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(e)


	Plan Location and Access


	We maintain a copy of this BCP at our external backup facility (see VII Data-Backup and Recovery.) Copies of the BCP have been distributed among department heads.


	Approval and Execution Authority


	John Rogers, registered principal, is responsible for approving the plan for Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. and for conducting the required annual review. Mr. Rogers can be reached at 561-939-8282 or jrogers@intercoastalcm.com.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(d)


III. Business Description


	Intercoastal Capital Markets, Inc. is a FINRA registered broker/dealer, servicing both retail and institutional customers with the ability to transact business in Corporate Equity, Corporate Debt, Mutual Funds, Options, US Government and its Agencies fixed income securities, Municipal Bonds, Insurance & Annuities offerings and Private Placements. Our firm is an introducing firm. We do not hold customer funds or securities. Our clearing firm maintains customers’ accounts and transactions.


	Our clearing firms are INTL FCStone formerly Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. (member NYSE/FINRA/SIPC) and Hilltop Securities Inc. (member NYSE/FINRA/SIPC.) INTL FCStone has multiple locations, and may be contacted as follows:


	INTL FCStone formerly INTL FCStone Florida Branch Offices
	2600 N Military Trail Ste. 290
	Boca Raton, Florida 33431
	800-264-4863
www.sterneagee.com


	INTL FCStone formerly INTL FCStone Corporate Headquarters
	800 Shades Creek Parkway, Suite 700
	Birmingham, Alabama 35209
	205-949-3500/800-240-1438
	Operations – 888.678.3763
www.sterneagee.com


	Hilltop Securities may be contacted at:


	Hilltop Securities Inc.
	1201 Elm Street
	Ste. 3500
	Dallas, TX 75270
	214-859-1800/800-973-7977
	Operations – 214-859-5275
www.swst.com


IV. Office Location and Contact Information


Intercoastal Capital Markets Inc. has 3 branch office locations.
Intercoastal’s main OSJ world headquarters are located at:
5550 Glades Road, Suite 308, Boca Raton, FL 33431. The main telephone number is (561) 939-8282. The fax number is 626-219-8525. Our web site address is www.intercoastalcap.com. Our contact email is jrogers@intercoastalcm.com. The Firm’s office location in Boca Raton is maintained and managed by:


	Town Center Executive Suites
	Boca Financial Plaza
	5550 Glades Road
	5th Floor
	Boca Raton, FL 33431
	Direct Contact: Annette Reizburg
	Tel: (561) 961-5400
	Email: areizburg@comcast.net
	Web Site: www.towncenterexecutivesuites.com


	Intercoastal’s OSJ branch office in New Jersey is located at:

        426 Springfield Avenue, 2nd Floor, Summit, NJ 07901. The main telephone number is (908) 200-2311. The fax number is 908-200-2312. The web site address is the same at www.intercoastalcap.com. The contact                   email is the same at jrogers@intercoastalcm.com. The Firm’s office location in Summit is maintained and managed by:

	Spes. Summit LLC
	426 Springfield Avenue, 1st Floor
	Summit, NJ 07901
	Direct Contact: Annette Dwyer
	Tel: (917) 969-4534
	Email: annettemfdwyer@gmail.com


	Intercoastal’s OSJ branch office in New York is located at:

        One Towne Center, 501 John James Audubon Parkway, Amherst, NY 14228. The main telephone number is (716) 874-4880. The web site address is the same at www.intercoastalcap.com. The contact email is the same at jrogers@intercoastalcm.com. The Firm’s office location in Amherst is maintained and managed by:

	Plaza Group Suites
	One Towne Center, 501 John James Audubon Parkway
	Amherst, NY 14228
	Direct Contact: John McDonald
	Tel: (716) 874-4880
	Email: johnmcdonald@plazagroup.com


V. Alternative Physical Location(s) of Employees


	In the event of an SBD, we will continue operations at an alternate working location. Additionally, the Firm has provided some employees with computers preconfigured with access to mission critical applications.
The Firm will first have alternate branch office locations serve as an alternate location for any SBD affected branch. 
	The Firm also maintains an alternate working location at the following principal’s personal residences:


	David Bird
	177 Royal Palm Way
	Boca Raton, FL 33432
        (954) 242-1947


	John Rogers
	92 Yeager Drive
	Buffalo, NY 14225
        (561) 459-7254


	George Prost
	57 Erika Loop
	Staten Island, NY 10312
        (201) 618-9404


	Additionally, if these alternate locations are not available, the Firm will relocate its’ operations and mission critical systems to one of its’ clearing agents – INTL FCStone or Hilltop Securities Inc.’s locations (see III. Business Description) that is accessible and/or operational.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(6)


VI. Customers’ Access to Funds and Securities


	Our Firm does not maintain custody of customers’ funds or securities. In the event of an internal or external SBD, our registered employees will take customer orders or instructions over any available method and our customers may execute any kind of transaction by contacting the Firm via our main phone number, cell phone numbers under emergency contacts or, if necessary, by calling our clearing firm directly.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(10)


VII. Data Back-Up and Recovery


	The Firm has contracted with independent vendors to host and backup all electronic mail and electronic files off-site to external storage facilities on a daily basis. The firm has also contracted with independent vendors to archive other non-electronic firm documentation (such as employee records, administrative contracts and system generated reports for reconciliation, etc.) off-site to external storage facilities on an as needed and allowed basis. The firm maintains access to those records and files at any given time, so in the event of an internal or external SBD we can always recover the Firm’s records.


	The Firm’s email is hosted and electronically archived with:


	Smarsh, Inc.
	921 SW Washington Street Suite 540
	Portland, OR 97205
	Phone: 866-SMARSH-1 (866-762-7741)
	Email: support@smarsh.com
	Web Site: www.smarsh.com
	Direct Contact: Geoff Dilkes, Account Executive; 971-270-1179; gdilkes@smarsh.com


	The Firm’s files are physically and electronically archived and redundantly backed up locally and remotely. This includes via server, portable drive and on Google Drive.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(1)


VIII. Financial and Operational Assessments


	A. Operational Risk
	In the event of an SBD, we will immediately identify and use any methods that permit us to communicate with our customers, employees, business, constituents, banks and regulators


	B. Financial and Credit Risk
	In the event of an SBD, we will determine the value and liquidity of our investments and other assets to evaluate our ability to continue to fund our operations and remain in capital compliance.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(3)


IX. Mission Critical Systems


	Our Firm’s “mission critical systems” are those that ensure prompt and accurate processing of securities transactions and the maintenance of customer accounts. We have primary responsibility for maintaining our relationships with customers. Our clearing firms, Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. and Southwest Securities Inc., provide the execution, comparison, allocation, clearance and settlement of securities transactions and the maintenance of customer accounts. Our clearing firms’ contracts require our clearing firms to maintain a business continuity plan and the capacity to execute it. Our clearing firms represent that it backs up all of their pertinent records.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(2))


X. Communications between the Firm, Customers, Employees, and Regulators


	In the event of an SBD, we will use the means comparable in speed and form to the means that we have used in the past to communicate with our customers, employees and regulators. We will always keep all parties informed with status reports on the situation of the business.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(4)(5)(9)


XI. Critical Business Constituents and Banks


	A. Business Constituents


	We have contacted our critical business constituents and determined the extent to which we can continue our business relationship with them in the event of an internal or external SBD. We will quickly establish alternative arrangements if a business constituent can no longer provide the needed goods or services.


	The Firm is contracted with the following primary critical business constituents:


	INTL FCStone for clearing and operations services (see III. Business Description for contact information.)


	Hilltop Securities Inc. for clearing and operations services (see III. Business Description for contact information.)


	Town Center Executive Suites for office management/landlord (see IV. Office Location and Contact
Information.)


	Spes. Summit, LLC for office management/landlord (see IV. Office Location and Contact
Information.)


	Plaza Group Suites for office management/landlord (see IV. Office Location and Contact
Information.)


	Bloomberg L.P. for market and trading systems. Their contact information is:


	Bloomberg L.P.
	731 Lexington Ave. New York, NY 10022
	U.S. East Coast Customer Support Phone: 212-318-2000
	Email: via Bloomberg system or form on web site
	Web Site: www.bloomberg.com


	B. Banks


	We have contacted our banks and lenders to ensure they maintain their own Business Continuity Plan and have the capacity to deploy it in the event of an internal or external SBD.
	The Firm is contracted with the following bank for monetary business transactions:


	Wells Fargo Bank
	5355 Town Center Road Suite 101
	Boca Raton, FL 33486
	Phone: 561-338-6021/561-417-3183
	Fax: 561-338-6808
	Web Site: www.wellsfargo.com
	Email: via a form on Contact Us page on web site


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(7)


XII. Regulatory Reporting


	Our Firm is subject to regulation by the Financial Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC.) In the event of an SBD, we will verify with these authorities the means of filing still available to us.


	The Firm is under the jurisdiction of FINRA District 7 in Boca Raton, Florida. FINRA’s contact information for
District 7 is:


	FINRA District 7 Office
	5200 Town Center Circle
        Suite 200
	Boca Raton, FL 33486
	(561) 443-8000
        Fax: (561) 443-7995
	Web Site: www.finra.org
Yvette Panetta, Deputy District Director
Daniel M. Sibears, Exec Vice President and Acting Regional Director 


	The Firm is under the jurisdiction of the SEC and the Division of Trading and Markets & Broker Dealers. The
SEC’s contact information is:


	SEC Division of Trading and Markets
	Washington, D.C.
	202-551-5777
	Web Site: www.sec.gov
	Email: tradingandmarkets@sec.gov


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(c)(8)


XIII. Disclosure of Business Continuity Plan


	We include a copy of this summary to customers in the Firm’s account opening documentation package. We also have posted this summary on our website (www.intercoastalcap.com .) The summary is mailed to customers upon request. In the event of a disruption all customers should refer to this Business Continuity Plan document and/or our website for instructions and direction.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(e)


XIV. Updates and Annual Review


	Our Firm will update the Business Continuity Plan whenever there is a material change to our operations, structure, business or location or those of our clearing firm. In addition, our Firm will review this BCP periodically for any changes.


Rule: FINRA Rule 4370(b)


XV. SIPC


	Should the firm be unable to recover from a disaster, the Firm will follow SIPC liquidation procedures.


	For any questions regarding this Business Continuance Plan, please contact the Firm’s compliance department at (561) 939-8282.


Original: 8/20/2012
Updated:1/4/2013- New FinOp and update ICM direct telephone numbers.
Updated: 2/1/2014 – New contacts, additional vendors and general review update 
Updated: 4/15/2015 – New contacts, additional information and general review update
Updated: 4/30/2016 – Contact information, clearing firm and regulatory updates and general review update
Updated: 1/4/2017 – Contact information, branch office, clearing firm, regulatory and general review update
Updated: 5/1/2017 – Alternate physical location











