






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,567 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,710 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,128 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,438 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,844 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,710 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,821 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,167 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,297 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,912 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,142 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,438 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,493 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,128 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















Use the PDF button on the web page
The only way to print is to view or download the PDF.

Accessed by nilsacenteno@yahoo.com on 7/28/2017 10:16:39 AM












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Intrepid, Inc. – Delivering innovative solutions, outstanding personnel, and excellence.















        Contact Us: 256.705.6800



























Delivering Outstanding Personnel …









Delivering Excellence …









Delivering Innovative Solutions …









Delivering Industry Leading Experience …

















 
Huntsville-based Small Business

Intrepid is an employee-owned small business provider of services and technologies in the Federal marketplace. We have supported the Department of Defense (DoD), including the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and the U.S. Army, with distinction since 2002.
Learn more…



Intrepid Awarded $11.8M Contract

Intrepid has been awarded a 36-month time and materials Task Order valued at $11,831,072 to provide technical services engineering support for the Aviation and Missile Research Development and Engineering Center (AMRDEC), Aviation Engineering Directorate (AED), Aviation Systems Division and Non-Standard Rotary Wing (NSRW) Division. This Task Order is awarded to Intrepid as a Direct Award from Intuitive Research and Technology (IRTC). The team is comprised of Intrepid, IRTC, and Iron Mountain Solutions, Inc.




Join the Intrepid Team!

Join the Intrepid Team! Are you an experienced professional, transitioning military, new graduate, or current student? Intrepid offers competitive salaries, robust benefit programs, and a unique perspective for talented professionals. Come be a part of the Intrepid team and experience the OWNERSHIP difference.
Learn More…



 "The name Intrepid describes the fearless nature in which this business was founded, and characterizes the spirit of our people" - Bill Best, Intrepid President


















OUR TEAM — Intrepid Financial Partners



















































                  OUR TEAM
                



FOUNDERS Hugh “Skip” McGee IIICo-Founder & Chief Executive OfficerPrior to co-founding Intrepid in May 2015, Skip served as a member of the Barclays Group Executive Committee and CEO of Barclays, Americas responsible for its Investment Banking, Corporate Banking, Credit Card and Wealth & Investment Management businesses in the region. Prior to that, he held a number of senior leadership positions at Barclays including CEO of Corporate and Investment Banking, Americas and Chairman and Head of the Global Investment Banking Division. At the time of his promotion to CEO of Corporate and Investment Banking Americas, Skip was the longest serving Head of an Investment Banking Division across Wall Street. He joined Barclays in September 2008 when he negotiated the move of 10,000 former Lehman employees over to Barclays after the bankruptcy of Lehman.Prior to Barclays, Skip was a senior executive at Lehman, where he spent the majority of his career. At Lehman, he was a member of the Firm’s Executive Committee and most recently Head of the Global Investment Banking Division from 2002-2008 after running the highly successful Global Natural Resources and Power franchises. Skip joined Lehman in 1993 after six years at First Boston and Wasserstein Perella.Skip has over 30 years of experience and has been involved in many landmark transactions, including Energy Transfer’s proposed $38 billion acquisition of Williams, Kinder Morgan’s $21 billion acquisition of El Paso Energy, BHP Billiton’s $15 billion acquisition of Petrohawk, Verizon’s $135 billion acquisition of its remaining stake in Verizon Wireless from Vodafone, Exxon Mobil’s $41 billion acquisition of XTO Energy, Kerr-McGee’s $18 billion sale to Anadarko, Pfizer’s $68 billion acquisition of Wyeth, and the Williams Companies’ $3 billion financial restructuring.Skip graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in civil engineering and received a J.D. degree with honors from the University of Texas School of Law. He is a Lifetime Member of the Advisory Council of McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin and sits on the Advisory Council for the Bendheim Center for Finance at Princeton University. Christopher WinchenbaughCo-Founder, President & Chief Operating OfficerChristopher Winchenbaugh is co-Founder and President & Chief Operating Officer of Intrepid Financial Partners. Chris is based in New York.Chris is a seasoned executive with nearly 20 years of experience in Investment Banking. He combines significant markets expertise with deep operational and management expertise and experience.Prior to co-founding Intrepid in 2015, Chris served as COO of Barclays, Americas from 2013 to his departure, and COO of Barclays’ Global Investment Banking Division from 2011 until 2013. While at Barclays, he was a member of the Investment Banking Executive Committee, the Americas Management Committee, and the Senior Leadership Group, which consisted of the top 150 employees globally.Prior to assuming executive COO roles, Chris held a number of senior capital markets positions at Barclays. He was most recently head of all product origination groups in the Americas from 2010 to 2011, which included Debt Capital Markets, Equity Capital Markets, Hybrid Capital, Fixed Income and Equity Derivatives, Securitization, Loans, Restructuring, Private Placements and Project Finance. Before that role he was Head of Debt Capital Markets, Americas from 2008 to 2010, which also included Securitization and Project Finance.Before joining Barclays, Chris had spent his entire career at Lehman Brothers, where he was most recently Head of Global Debt Capital Markets from 2006 to 2008, and Head of US Debt Capital Markets from 2005 to 2006. During his tenure at Lehman, Chris also ran the Convertible Origination business from 2003 to 2005, and was a senior member of the Debt Capital Markets business from 1996 until 2003 where he covered Power, Natural Resources and Telecom/Media/Technology.Over his career, Chris has worked directly on over $75 billion of capital raising transactions, and has run businesses that combined have raised over $1 trillion of capital across Debt, Equity and Loans, in addition to billions of dollars of derivatives.At both Lehman and Barclays, Chris either ran or participated in the Investment Banking Commitment Committee and Loan Participation Committee which were responsible for evaluating all capital markets and loan transactions within the investment banking division. While at both firms he spearheaded the recruiting effort at Kellogg and was instrumental in establishing mentorship programs within investment banking.He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Holy Cross and an MBA degree from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management.Professionals Matthew BartonVice PresidentMatthew Barton is a Vice President at Intrepid Financial Partners. Matt is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Matt was an Associate in Deutsche Bank’s Natural Resources Group in Houston. During his tenure at Deutsche Bank, Matt worked on a variety of financing and merger & acquisition transactions with a focus in the oil and gas industry. From 2007 – 2010, Matt was a manager in Accenture’s management consulting practice. At Accenture, he was responsible for providing strategic guidance to both domestic and international clients across the energy, transportation and construction industries in order to help optimize their ability to organize and analyze financial and operational data.He holds an M.B.A. from the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Virginia and a B.B.A. in Finance, cum laude, from the University of Georgia. Robert CabesManaging DirectorRobert Cabes is a Managing Director at Intrepid Financial Partners and head of its investing business. Robert is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Robert was a Managing Director at White Deer Energy, responsible for making private equity energy investments. Before that, Robert had similar responsibilities as a Partner at Avista Capital Partners and as a Principal at DLJ Merchant Banking Partners. Earlier in his career, Robert was an investment banker at both Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and Prudential Securities where he led numerous strategic and financing transactions for energy clients.  Robert is a former Director of several private and public energy companies including Copano Energy, Eco-Stim Energy Solutions, Hi-Crush Partners, Laramie Energy, Laredo Energy, Manti Exploration, Ultra Tech Frac Services and two unconventional oil and gas development joint ventures with Carrizo Oil and Gas. Robert is a Chartered Financial Analyst and holds a B.B.A. in Finance from Southern Methodist University. Neil ChenVice PresidentNeil Chen is a Vice President at Intrepid Financial Partners. Neil is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, Neil held a variety of roles at Barclays. Most recently, he served as the Chief of Staff to the CEO (Americas), where he helped manage the Investment Banking, Corporate Banking, Credit Card and Wealth & Investment Management businesses in the region. He was involved with all aspects of the business including corporate development, strategy, investments, client development and strategic partnerships.Prior to that, he was an Investment Banker in the Mergers & Acquisitions group at both Barclays and Lehman Brothers, responsible for the execution of a number of strategic and financing transactions.Neil holds a B.A. with honors from Princeton University. David GehringVice PresidentPrior to joining Intrepid, David was Senior Vice President, Energy Investment Banking at Jefferies LLC in Houston, and before that an Associate, Energy Investment Banking at Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in Houston.  While at Jefferies and Wells Fargo, David advised on nearly $30 billion in asset acquisitions & divestitures, corporate mergers & acquisitions, and public and private debt and equity and bank financings.  His transaction experience covered domestic and international clients across the upstream, LNG, oilfield services and midstream sectors, with focus on unconventional onshore assets across North America.  Prior to his career in investment banking, David worked in both the real estate development and manufacturing industries.David received an M.B.A. from the Goizueta Business School at Emory University and a B.S. with High Honors in Mechanical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. Carter GlattAnalystCarter Glatt is an Analyst at Intrepid Financial Partners. Carter is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, Carter was an investment banking Analyst at Barclays Capital. During his tenure at Barclays, Carter participated in a variety of M&A, Advisory and capital markets transactions.He holds a B.A. with honors from Dartmouth College. Matthew HartManaging DirectorMatthew Hart is a Managing Director at Intrepid Financial Partners. Matt is based in New York.Matt has over 17 years of experience in the capital markets, primarily in the areas of leveraged finance and restructuring. He has advised issuers and investors in connection with numerous capital raises, recapitalizations and strategic transactions, and also invested in dozens of such situations as a principal.Prior to joining Intrepid, Matt was a senior member of the restructuring group at Lazard, a partner in the credit investment funds of Eos Partners, and a proprietary investment analyst in Merrill Lynch’s principal investments area, where he focused primarily on opportunistic corporate credit investments. He began his career as an analyst and trader in the mortgage- and asset-backed securitization markets.Matt holds an M.B.A. in Finance & Accounting from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and an A.B. in Economics from the University of Michigan. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a Certified Insolvency & Restructuring Advisor (CIRA). Samuel HellerAssociateSamuel Heller is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners. Sam is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Sam was an investment banking Associate Director in the Global Energy Group at UBS Securities in Houston. At UBS, he worked on a variety of capital markets and merger & acquisition transactions, with a focus on the midstream and upstream sectors. Prior to UBS, he was an Associate in the Valuation & Financial Opinions Group at Stout Risius Ross, where he focused on upstream business valuation, fairness opinions, and financial reporting. Before his time at Stout Risius Ross, he managed the property tax department for Stallion Oilfield Services and was a tax consultant at Ryan & Company.He holds an M.B.A. with honors and a B.B.A. from the McCombs School of Business Administration at the University of Texas at Austin. Brian HensleyAssociateBrian Hensley is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners and is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Brian was a Vice President in the Upstream Energy Capital Group at Macquarie, where he participated in the analysis, structuring, documentation and monitoring of stretch senior, 2nd lien and mezzanine investments in the upstream oil and gas sector. Prior to Macquarie, Brian worked as an energy focused merchant banking analyst at Parkman Whaling LLC and a credit analyst at Bank of America in the gaming and leisure corporate debt products group.Brian received a B.B.A., summa cum laude, from Southern Methodist University. Adam HurleyVice PresidentAdam Hurley is a Vice President at Intrepid Financial Partners. Adam is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Adam was an investment banking Associate in the Global Natural Resources Group at Goldman Sachs in Houston. At Goldman Sachs, he worked on a variety of capital markets and merger & acquisition transactions in the oil and gas industry. Prior to his career in banking, Adam served in the U.S. Army as a Special Forces Team Leader in 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne) and an infantry officer in 3rd Infantry Division.He holds an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University and a B.S. from the United States Military Academy at West Point. August KehnAssociateAugust Kehn is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners and is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, August was an Associate in Morgan Stanley’s Natural Resources Group in Houston. During his tenure at Morgan Stanley, August worked on a variety of financing and merger & acquisition transactions with a focus in the oil & gas industry. Prior to Morgan Stanley, August was an investment banking analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets, focused on financing and merger & acquisition transactions primarily for upstream oil & gas clients.August holds a B.A. in Economics and German Literature, magna cum laude, from Dartmouth College. David LitvackVice PresidentDavid Litvack is a Vice President at Intrepid Financial Partners. David is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, David was a Senior Associate at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP and before that, an Associate at Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP.  During his tenure at Milbank and Weil, he represented and advised companies, creditors, investors, and other interested parties in numerous restructuring situations.  David has extensive industry experience in oil and gas, banking, and industrials.David holds a J.D. from Fordham Law School, cum laude, and a B.B.A. in Finance, magna cum laude, from Hofstra University.  He is admitted as a member of the bars of the State of New York and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. John Ed McGeeAssociateJohn Ed McGee is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners. John Ed is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, John Ed was an Associate at Deutsche Bank in the Merger & Acquisitions group. During his tenure at Deutsche Bank, John Ed worked on a variety of buy-side, sell-side, Fairness Opinion, and strategic advisory assignments across a range of industries. He holds a B.A. in Economics and a minor in Finance from Princeton University. Benjamin MessierAssociateBenjamin Messier is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners. Ben is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Ben was an Associate in the Oil & Gas Investment Banking group at Credit Suisse, where he participated in the advisory of buy side acquisitions, asset sales, reversionary drilling funds, and various debt and equity offerings. Prior to his tenure at Credit Suisse, Ben worked in Treasury at Atwood Oceanics, a global offshore drilling company, and Ubiquity Retirement + Savings, where he advised small business owners on the administration and fund selection of their companies’ 401(k) plans.He holds an M.B.A. in Finance & Energy from the Rice Jones School of Business and a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin, McCombs School of Business. He is also a Level III CFA Candidate. R. Adam MillerManaging DirectorAdam Miller is a Managing Director at Intrepid Financial Partners. Adam is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Adam was Senior Vice President of Finance for Juneau Energy, an upstream portfolio company of Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE: LUK) and a Vice President of Jefferies Capital Partners, an affiliate of Jefferies LLC, where he focused on upstream investments. He began his career as an investment banking analyst with Petrie Parkman and later served as an associate with Jefferies LLC.During his time with Juneau (Leucadia) and Jefferies, Adam actively participated in investment activities including evaluating investment opportunities, due diligence, transaction structuring and execution, portfolio monitoring and investment exits. Additionally, he worked closely with portfolio companies, serving on the board of multiple investments, and provided guidance on such activities as key financing events, hedging strategies, evaluating and executing merger, acquisition and divestiture opportunities and helping to refine strategies to drive long-term growth and value.He holds an M.B.A. and B.S.B.A. in Finance from Washington University in St. Louis. Samra NawazAssociateSamra Nawaz is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners and is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Samra was an Investment Banking Associate at KLR Group, LLC, where she worked on a variety of capital markets and A&D/M&A transactions, with a focus on private upstream companies. Samra began her career with the Energy Group at Raymond James Financial as an Equity Research Associate, covering select North American E&P companies, assisting with commodity research, and participating in structuring proprietary models.She holds an M.B.A in Finance and Energy from Tulane University’s A.B. Freeman School of Business and a B.B.A. in Finance from NUST Business School, Pakistan. Henry NewtonVice PresidentHenry Newton is a Vice President at Intrepid Financial Partners. Henry is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Henry was a Vice President at Lazard in both Houston and Australia and before that, an Associate at BofAML in Houston. Henry was responsible for the origination and execution of a variety of complex merger & acquisition & divestiture transactions as well as strategic advisory assignments within the oil and gas industry. Prior to his career in banking, Henry served as a Captain in the Army where he commanded solders in the 101st Airborne and 2nd Infantry Divisions. Henry holds an M.B.A. from the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, an M.P.A from the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin and a B.S. from the United States Military Academy at West Point.  Tyler PrattAnalystTyler Pratt is an Analyst at Intrepid Financial Partners. Tyler is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Tyler was an investment banking Analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. During his tenure at Wells, Tyler participated in a variety of capital markets and M&A transaction in the Energy space. Prior to his tenure at Wells Fargo, Tyler worked at PriceWaterhouseCoopers in their audit practice and CAZ Investments, focusing on Private Equity and Hedge Fund investing.He holds a B.B.A in Finance and Accounting from Baylor University.  He is also a CPA. Matthew PreskenisAnalystMatthew Preskenis is an Analyst at Intrepid Financial Partners. Matt is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, Matt was an Analyst at Barclays. During his tenure at Barclays, Matt participated in a variety of strategic, debt and trade finance transactions.  He holds a B.S. with honors from Boston College.  Thomas RapisardaAssociateThomas Rapisarda is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners. Tom is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, Tom was an Analyst at Energy & Infrastructure Capital, a debt capital investment manager specializing in the global energy and infrastructure sectors. Tom has spent his career focused on various aspects of the energy sector, both from advisory and principal investing perspectives. At EIC, Tom was responsible for structuring, negotiating and investing across the debt capital structure in the domestic Oil & Gas, Power and Infrastructure sectors. Prior to EIC, Tom was an Analyst at Nomura Securities in the Mergers & Acquisitions group and was an analyst at GE Capital Energy Financial Services focusing on direct equity investments across the Power and Midstream sectors.He holds a B.A. in Economics from Amherst College. Karim RashidManaging DirectorKarim Rashid is a Managing Director at Intrepid Financial Partners. Karim is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Karim was a Managing Director in the Global Natural Resources Group at Morgan Stanley in both the New York and London offices. At Morgan Stanley he was responsible for coverage of large cap Exploration & Production and Oilfield Services companies globally. Prior to his time at Morgan Stanley, Karim worked for other notable banks including Credit Suisse First Boston, Banque Paribas and Marine Midland Bank. Karim has over 25 years of experience in the Energy Sector. Karim holds an M.B.A. from the New York University, Stern School of Business and a B.Sc. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School. Brice SimpsonVice PresidentBrice Simpson is a Vice President at Intrepid Financial Partners. Brice is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Brice was a Director in Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Energy & Power group in Houston and a Vice President in the Global Industrials Group in New York.  During his tenure at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Brice was responsible for the origination and execution of a variety of financing and merger & acquisition transaction advisory assignments.  Brice started his career as a corporate governance consultant in Houston focused on the Energy Sector.Brice holds an M.B.A. from the Jones Graduate School of Management at Rice University and a B.B.A. in Economics from Baylor University. Scott WoolleyAssociateScott Woolley is an Associate at Intrepid Financial Partners. Scott is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Scott was an Associate in the Global Energy Investment Banking group at Citigroup in Houston. At Citigroup, he participated in a variety of capital markets and merger & acquisition transactions across the energy industry.  His transaction experience covered domestic and international clients across the upstream, oilfield services and midstream sectors.  Prior to his career in investment banking, Scott worked in both commercial construction and real estate development.Scott received an M.B.A. in Finance & Energy from Rice University’s Jones Graduate School of Business and a B.S. in Building Construction from the University of Florida.Firm Administration Vivian AlvaradoOffice CoordinatorVivian Alvarado is the Office Coordinator of Intrepid Financial Partners. Vivian is based in Houston.Prior to joining Intrepid, Vivian was a Registered Client Associate at Merrill Lynch. She focused her efforts on client services within the wealth management advisory and private banking platforms of both Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse. She began her career as an intern with the Global Wealth Management division at Merrill Lynch.Vivian holds a B.Sc. in Economics with a minor in Business Administration from the University of Houston. Jane RocheChief Administrative OfficerJane Roche serves as Chief Administrative Officer of Intrepid Financial Partners. Jane is based in New York.Prior to joining Intrepid, Jane supported the Office of the CEO, Americas at Barclays. Before her tenure at Barclays, Jane spent ten years at McKinsey & Company in a variety of roles in both Boston and New York. Additionally, she was an early employee of Amazon.com, serving as Manager of Internal Communications.



















INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC -  MarylandCorporates – Company Profiles of Maryland


























Home















FIND 






 
Home » I » INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC












QR Code Of This Company





This is a QR Code for INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.




Related Companies


IRVIN HORN & SON, INC.
IB RESOURCE, LLC
INDEPENDENT FLOOR COVERING, INC.
IMRIE CONSULTING LLC
IMPRINT, LLC
INNOVATIVE SPORTS TRACKING SYSTEM LLC
IFRPLT INVESTMENTS, L.L.C.
IGLESIA PENTECOSTAL JESUS ES EL CAMINO
INDEPENDENT INSURANCE EXAMINERS, INC.
IDENTAMERICA LLC
IMAGE BUILDERS, INC.
INJURY MED EXPRESS PHARMACY LLC
INTERCULTURAL UNDERSTANDING, INC.
INNOVATIVE HEALTH CARE SOLUTIONS, LLC
IDA ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING, INC.
IMOBOP SUBANI ART PRODUCTION, LTD.
IQ & ASSOCIATES LLC
INDIANHEAD HIGHWAY AUTO REPAIR LLC
INVENSA, USA CORP.
I GOTTA STORY MUSIC LLC
INSYSTECH, INC.
INDUSTRIAL PLASTICS TECHNOLOGY, INC.
INSPIRING YOU LIFE PURPOSE COACHING, LLC
IGLESIA EVANGELICA JESUS EL CORDERO DE DIOS, SAN JUAN 1:36,
ILLUMINATED AUTOMOBILE MANNER, LLC







INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC










This profile contains information from public web pages.

Company Profile



Company Name
INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC


Company No
w12336012


Status
FORFEITED


Good Standing
No


Business Code
Other


Date of Formation
01/23/2008


State of Formation
MD


Stock/Nonstock
N/A


Close/Not Close
Unknown


Resident Agent
GREGORY E. FISHER, ESQ.

STE 300

201 W PADONIA RD

TIMONIUM, MD 21093



Company Overview
				
INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC is a company incorporated in Maryland and its company number is w12336012. INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC was registered on 01/23/2008. The company's status is listed as FORFEITED.	










Contact Information



Company Name
INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC


Telephone
n/a


Principal Office Address
STE 300

201 W PADONIA RD

TIMONIUM, MD 21093


Email
n/a



Additional Information



Estimated Revenue
no information


Employees
no information


Brands
no information



Company Map
		
This is Google map of INTREPID ACQUISITION, LLC address: STE 300, 

201 W PADONIA RD, 

TIMONIUM, MD 21093, . If you find error address, please submit another address using the form in the map, then search again.


Data Disclaimer
				
The information provided on marylandcorporates.com is collected from a variety of public sources. marylandcorporates.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain.
Data could have changed since the last update. marylandcorporates.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein.
When you visit marylandcorporates.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.

 




Company Index:  
0-9 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
M 
N 
O 
P 
Q 
R 
S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 

Home  |  
About Us  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Contact Us



© 2013 MarylandCorporates - Company Profiles of Maryland






Intrepid LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























intrepid llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Engineering & Construction Svcs
Sub-Industry: Engineering Services
Intrepid LLC provides military defense consulting services. The Company offers acquisition management, systems engineering, strategic communications, system software acquisition, systems safety, analysis, and test services. Intrepid serves clients throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

360B Quality Circle
Huntsville, AL 35806
United States


Phone:
1-256-705-6800


Fax:
1-256-327-0702


Web url:
www.intrepidinc.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc in Narvon, PA 17555 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Narvon
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc













Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2044 Turkey Hill Rd  Narvon, Pennsylvania 17555


(717) 445-4930


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc is located at the address 2044 Turkey Hill Rd in Narvon, Pennsylvania 17555.  They can be contacted via phone at (717) 445-4930 for pricing, hours and directions.  Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For maps and directions to Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Intrepid Acquisitions  Llc see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (717) 445-4930
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 130000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Royalty Services
Finance
Professional Services
Investments & Securities
Legal Services



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 





Intrepid Investment Bankers  Intrepid Announces the Acquisition of Product Club by Burmax Company





































Menu











 





































Intrepid Announces the Acquisition of Product Club by Burmax Company

 By Steve Davis



Transaction Provides Leading Hair Color Accessories Brand with Access to Powerful Beauty School Network
Intrepid today announced the sale of its client, Product Club—a leading provider of color accessories to the professional beauty industry—to Burmax Company, a leading provider of sundries to beauty schools and beauty supply stores since 1948.
Founded in 1991, Product Club has transformed from a glove and foil company to a sought-after color accessories brand known for its cutting edge, high-quality products and top notch education. Under Burmax ownership, Product Club will continue to expand its brand, product portfolio and educational offerings to its customer base and will gain direct access to the stylists and colorists of tomorrow through Burmax’s school network.
Eric Polesuk, President and Founder of Product Club, said: “It was incredibly helpful to have Steve Davis and Intrepid on my team. Their expertise was critical in maximizing our value and coming up with solutions to get past all obstacles in the negotiation process. We hired Steve and the Intrepid team for their beauty care industry experience and execution expertise and they delivered.”
“We are excited to have played a role in bringing Product Club and Burmax together. Eric and his team built a truly phenomenal brand in the color accessories category. We will be excited to see Product Club achieve even greater heights with its new partner,” said Steve Davis, Intrepid Managing Director and Head of the Beauty & Personal Care practice.
Intrepid is one of the most active mergers and acquisitions advisors in the beauty and personal care sector. The Intrepid Beauty & Personal Care practice has a deep understanding of trends and value-drivers across the sector, ongoing dialogue with the acquirer and investor universe, and a proven track record helping clients sell to global strategic acquirers and value-added private equity groups.
Deal Team Contact

Steve Davis, Managing Director and Head of Beauty & Personal Care

 
About Intrepid Investment Bankers
Intrepid Investment Bankers provides M&A, capital raising and strategic advisory services to entrepreneurs and middle-market companies in various industry sectors. Our heritage, rooted in our founders’ successful 35-year history, breeds a culture that embraces teamwork, tenacity and creativity to win big for our clients. We believe that every company has an entrepreneurial passion that drives it and a story that defines it. Our team delivers results through skillful positioning of the client’s story and relentless execution. Based in Los Angeles, Intrepid augments its international capabilities through active membership in M&A International, an exclusive global alliance of M&A advisory firms.
Media Contact

Andreea Popa, Director Marketing & Communications






Search by IndustryApparel & Retail
Beauty & Personal Care
Commercial & Consumer Technology
Digital Media
Healthcare
Software & Services
Toys & Giftware
Capital Markets
Search by ContentCEO Message
Industry Reports
Upcoming Events
Recruiting
Press Releases
Multimedia
Publications Subscription
Intrepid RSS Feeds















We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our Web site.   Find out more.Okay, thanks

 



Intrepid Private Capital Group - Business Funding - Startup Capital































































 1-410-535-3400
 info@intrepidexecutivegroup.com
 Login
































Home


Business Funding

Hard Money Loans
Venture Capital
Factoring Loans
Bridge Funding
Mergers
Acquisition Financing
Unsecured Loans
Lines of Credit
More...


How It Works

About

Company
Testimonials
Successfully Source-Funded Projects
Typical Clients
Contact



Resources

F.A.Q.
Writing A Business Plan
Investment Glosary
More...


News
Contact
Get Started








Open Menu

Home 

Business Funding

Hard Money Loans
Venture Capital
Factoring Loans
Bridge Funding
Mergers
Acquisition Financing
Unsecured Loans
Lines of Credit
More...


How It Works

About

Company
Testimonials
Successfully Source-Funded Projects
Typical Clients
Contact



Resources

F.A.Q.
Writing A Business Plan
Investment Glosary
More...


News
Contact











BUSINESS FUNDING
HOW IT WORKS
ABOUT
RESOURCES
NEWS
CONTACT
APPLY










Need Funding for your Business or Project?

Intrepid can Connect you with the Capital you Need


Get Started








Stop Wasting your Time Searching


                  Our Unique Funding System Brings Results
                



How It Works







 We Have Exclusive Access to Motivated Investors  

Credit Issues, Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, No Problem!


Apply Now





















Turn to Intrepid Private Capital Group for all of your Funding Needs!
For more than 17 years, no one has been more trusted in this business than the professionals at INTREPID PRIVATE CAPITAL GROUP!












Nobody works as hard as us to secure private business funding for your Startup or Project!
Intrepid's mission is to do everything possible to get you the private business funding you require. By providing our funding experts your COMPLETED documentation, we will review it, and arrange for you to meet with the appropriate pre-qualified sources of business capital. We can usually  locate the right source of funding for your project and get the private capital you need within days! 

 Let us connect you with the right private capital funding sources for:


 Hard Money Loans
 Venture Capital
 Mezzanine Loans
 Factoring Loans
 Bridge Funding
 Offshore Funding
 Equipment Lease Buybacks






 Mergers
 Acquisition Financing
 Unsecured Loans
 Lines of Credit
 Debt Capital
 Purchase Order Financing
 Balance Sheet Lending















Why choose Intrepid Private Capital Group?
Over the years, Intrepid has carefully nurtured relationships with an extensive group of International financiers who are routinely open to providing business capital and private funding of Projects with the following characteristics / requirements: 


 Domestic U.S. Investment
 Startup Business Funding
 Equity-based Capital
 Debt/Equity(Blended)-based
 Business Funding Solutions
 Funding for Small Business




 Asset-based Funding
 Non-Asset-based Funding
 Accounts Receivable Financing
 Private Business Funding
 Small Business Funding
 Startup Capital


 
Our services have been uniquely designed for a single purpose: to help serious business people obtain private capital that's required to achieve their goals. Intrepid and our affiliates have participated in transactions exceeding US $1.1 Billion in the last 16 years. Further, no one in the business funding solutions Industry does a better job than us to ensure your privacy, as well as the confidential nature of your financial requirements and our role in the transaction of your Project funding. 











 

Start Reaching Investors Today - Get The Funding That You Need


Get Started














             As a client of Intrepid, your needs and success are our #1 priority.
           





"Having wasted more than a year with banks that were not lending,Intrepid arranged the funding for us in less than half the time we wasted with commercial banks!" 

- Robert C. -




"As an Intermediary to the Intrepid Private Capital Group, our Company has been impressed with their efficiency,
                					organization and ability to get difficult projects the funding they require."

- Byron L. -




"Our group has worked with the Intrepid Private Capital Group over the course of two years -
                				their assistance with funding for our first project was so seamless and satisfying, that we have placed a second project with them.  
                				This second (larger) project is expected to close within the next 120 days." 

- Lee K. -




"The Intrepid Private Capital Group brought the necessary capital to our start-up healthcare services project in what we consider to have been a heroic time frame. 
                				Having wasted more than a year with banks that were not lending, Intrepid arranged the funding for us in less than half the time we wasted with commercial banks!"
                				

- Robert C. -




"Our project changed, at one point requiring a complete re-write of our Business Plan, in character several times during the funding process, 
                				yet Intrepid never lost confidence in us and stayed with the project through to funding conclusion.  
                				We'll never forget their patience, encouragement and dogged determination to, ultimately, get us to the prize!"
                				

- Brian P. -




"As an Intermediary to the Intrepid Private Capital Group over a number of years, our Company has been impressed with their efficiency, organization
                				and ability to get difficult projects the funding they require.  We are always pleased to refer our clients to Intrepid!"
                				

- Jay R. -




"As a commercial lending institution, we are frequently confronted with difficult (if not nearly, impossible) business opportunities to finance.  
                				These, more often or not, are business start-ups.  We have, throughout 2013, referred such to Intrepid Private Capital Group, LLC who, in most cases,
                				has been successful in arranging funding.  We're happy to make such referrals, as a consequence."
                				

- Candi R. -




"My husband and I had all but given up on our dream: to develop a
                                                first-rate, yet affordable, senior-living facility that would benefit our
                                                own parents and those of many others.  The banks wasted our time and the
                                                so-called investment bankers were no better.  We were getting nowhere!
                                                Intrepid Private Capital Group took our project on and put us on the path to our
                                                dream!  We are beyond grateful to them!"
                                                

- Janice H. -




"My concept was - I agree, difficult to fund.  I had heard this from every
                                                potential funder for two years. Thanks to Intrepid, I have a closing
                                                scheduled for the end of this month."
                                                

- Charles W. -




"Have you been invited to talk with a bank about your business plan and been
                                                told that if you buy a C.D. for 150% of what you need, they'll help you out?
                                                No kidding! Intrepid Private Capital Group got our deal done with collateral that amounted to
                                                70% LTV!  Gotta love 'em!"
                                                

- David O. -




"They got the job done for us!  Intrepid Private Capital Group never gives up!"

- Paul K. -




"We, too, had a program tied up in a European funding endeavor (Wells Fargo
                                                Bank) and wasted 26 months in the effort!  We were referred to the Intrepid
                                                Executive Group,  who made the necessary
                                                adjustments to our Business Plan and put us in front of three investors.
                                                As we are now in closing activities, we greatly appreciate Intrepid!"
                                                

- Arthur M. -





Ask a quick question...
          We're here to help! 

















Send Message














"The price of success is much lower than the price of failure."  - Zig Ziglar









As seen in...





 


 


 


 


 


 













    Copyright 2017 Intrepid Private Capital Group. All rights reserved. 
    










