





























Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Continues to Hold Stake in Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Home Depot Inc. (The)

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Home Depot Inc. (The) with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Continues to Hold Stake in Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD)
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Position Cut by BTIM Corp.
Lincoln National Corp Has $494,000 Position in Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 57,916 Shares of Buckle, Inc. (The) (NYSE:BKE)
Traders Purchase Large Volume of Chevron Corporation Put Options (CVX)
-$0.34 EPS Expected for Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (EKSO) This Quarter
Kate Spade & Company (KATE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.14 Per Share
Redrow plc’s (LON:RDW) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at J P Morgan Chase & Co
J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Diageo plc (LON:DGE)
Zacks: Analysts Expect Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $4.04 Million
ITV plc (LON:ITV) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc.
Tate & Lyle PLC’s (LON:TATE) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.31 Billion
Cantor Fitzgerald Comments on Centene Corporation’s FY2018 Earnings (CNC)
iShares Dow Jones US Technology (NYSEARCA:IYW) Plans $0.33 Quarterly Dividend
Advance Auto Parts Inc (NYSE:AAP) Given a $150.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG
RGC Resources Inc. (NASDAQ:RGCO) Plans $0.15 Quarterly Dividend
Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (NYSE:CQH) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Encore Capital Group Inc (NASDAQ:ECPG) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research







Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Continues to Hold Stake in Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV maintained its stake in shares of  Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 20,759 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Home Depot, Inc. (The) accounts for about  2.1% of Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s holdings in Home Depot, Inc. (The) were worth $2,783,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. CT Financial Advisors LLC raised its position in  Home Depot, Inc. (The) by 0.4% in the first quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC now owns 758 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 3 shares in the last quarter.  Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new position in  Home Depot, Inc. (The) during the fourth quarter worth $103,000.  University of Texas Investment Managment Co. bought a new position in  Home Depot, Inc. (The) during the first quarter worth $132,000.  Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new position in  Home Depot, Inc. (The) during the fourth quarter worth $131,000.  Finally, Peoples Financial Services CORP. raised its position in  Home Depot, Inc. (The) by 13.9% in the first quarter. Peoples Financial Services CORP. now owns 1,025 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 125 shares in the last quarter. 71.63% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Home Depot Inc. (The) alerts:



Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE HD) opened at 146.65 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $153.64 and a 200 day moving average price of $148.08. Home Depot, Inc. has a 12 month low of $119.20 and a 12 month high of $160.86. The stock has a market capitalization of $175.33 billion, a PE ratio of 21.94 and a beta of 1.09.  Home Depot, Inc. (The) also saw unusually large options trading on Thursday. Investors  bought  41,725 call options on the company. This is an increase of 424% compared to the average volume of 7,956 call options.





Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 16th. The home improvement retailer reported $1.67 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.61 by $0.06. Home Depot, Inc. (The) had a return on equity of 158.80% and a net margin of 8.53%. The company had revenue of $23.89 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.74 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.44 EPS. Home Depot, Inc. (The)’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.9% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Home Depot, Inc. will post $7.24 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Continues to Hold Stake in Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD)” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/home-depot-inc-the-nysehd-position-held-by-investors-asset-management-of-georgia-inc-ga-adv-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Vetr lowered Home Depot, Inc. (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $164.09 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, June 19th. BMO Capital Markets  set a $176.00 target price on Home Depot, Inc. (The) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $178.00 target price (up previously from $165.00) on shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Telsey Advisory Group  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $175.00 target price (up previously from $154.00) on shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Finally, Robert W. Baird  set a $175.00 target price on Home Depot, Inc. (The) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned  a hold rating and twenty have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $164.68.
In other Home Depot, Inc. (The) news, Director Wayne M. Hewett purchased 350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $157.11 per share, with a total value of $54,988.50. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 1,400 shares in the company, valued at $219,954. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP William G. Lennie sold 31,239 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $155.47, for a total value of $4,856,727.33. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 46,294 shares in the company, valued at $7,197,328.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 128,900 shares of company stock worth $20,167,386. 0.26% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Home Depot, Inc. (The) Company Profile
The Home Depot, Inc (The Home Depot) is a home improvement retailer. The Company sells an assortment of building materials, home improvement products, and lawn and garden products, and provides various services. The Home Depot stores serves three primary customer groups: do-it-yourself (DIY) customers, do-it-for-me (DIFM) customers and professional customers.







Receive News & Ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿

























Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Has $1,370,000 Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Walt Disney Company (The)
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Walt Disney Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”
Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Euronav NV (NASDAQ:EURN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA Sells 446 Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)
Nautilus Group, Inc. (The) (NLS) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.39
Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC Buys 14,079 Shares of Etsy, Inc. (ETSY)
Crow Point Partners LLC Acquires Shares of 4,095,419 Frontier Communications Corporation (FTR)
Iteris Inc (ITI) PT Set at $8.00 by Northland Securities
Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (MTW) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG
Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (LW) to Hold
Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Keysight Technologies Inc. (KEYS)
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Shares Bought by NBT Bank N A NY
Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Has $1,370,000 Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Sells 64,293 Shares of Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO)
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Position Held by Academy Capital Management Inc. TX
Naples Global Advisors LLC Buys 79 Shares of Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE)
DnB Asset Management AS Buys 15,600 Shares of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ)
Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Stake Boosted by Shell Asset Management Co.
Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) Shares Sold by GW Henssler & Associates Ltd.
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) Shares Sold by Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc.


 


Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Has $1,370,000 Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV maintained its stake in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 13,145 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Walt Disney Company (The) makes up approximately 1.0% of Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s holdings, making the stock its 20th largest position. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s holdings in Walt Disney Company (The) were worth $1,370,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. HM Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney Company (The) by 0.5% in the first quarter. HM Capital Management LLC now owns 2,690 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $305,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Barton Investment Management boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney Company (The) by 0.3% in the first quarter. Barton Investment Management now owns 7,732 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $876,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney Company (The) by 0.7% in the first quarter. Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management now owns 4,570 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $519,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter. Cordasco Financial Network boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney Company (The) by 2.4% in the first quarter. Cordasco Financial Network now owns 1,549 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American Trust Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney Company (The) by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. American Trust Investment Advisors LLC now owns 10,791 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $1,125,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. 62.32% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Walt Disney Company (The) alerts:



Shares of Walt Disney Company (DIS) traded up 2.86% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $110.00. The company had a trading volume of 10,468,680 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $172.14 billion, a PE ratio of 19.18 and a beta of 1.39. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $105.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $109.34. Walt Disney Company has a 12-month low of $90.32 and a 12-month high of $116.10. 




Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The entertainment giant reported $1.50 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $13.34 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.44 billion. Walt Disney Company (The) had a return on equity of 19.81% and a net margin of 16.63%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.36 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Walt Disney Company will post $5.91 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a Semi-Annual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 27th. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 10th will be paid a $0.78 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 6th. Walt Disney Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is currently 27.18%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Has $1,370,000 Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)” was published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/investors-asset-management-of-georgia-inc-ga-adv-continues-to-hold-stake-in-walt-disney-company-the-nysedis-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on DIS shares. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $134.00 price objective on shares of Walt Disney Company (The) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Macquarie cut shares of Walt Disney Company (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $90.32 to $105.00 in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $125.00 price objective (down previously from $130.00) on shares of Walt Disney Company (The) in a research note on Monday, May 15th. FBR & Co increased their price objective on shares of Walt Disney Company (The) from $113.00 to $116.00 and gave the company a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Rosenblatt Securities increased their price objective on shares of Walt Disney Company (The) from $120.00 to $125.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and seventeen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $116.17.
In related news, Director Susan E. Arnold sold 12,143 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $109.02, for a total transaction of $1,323,829.86. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 48,673 shares in the company, valued at $5,306,330.46. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Chairman Robert A. Iger sold 797,578 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $105.09, for a total value of $83,817,472.02. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 1,566,484 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $164,621,803.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.38% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Walt Disney Company (The) Company Profile
The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Feedback << Investors Asset Management




DISCLAIMER

		This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of our investment services or performance. This website is in no way a solicitation or offer to sell securities or investment advisory services except, where applicable, in states where we are registered or where an exemption or exclusion from such registration exists. Information throughout this site, whether stock quotes, charts, articles, or any other statement or statements regarding market or other financial information, is obtained from sources which we believe reliable, but we do not warrant or guarantee the timeliness or accuracy of this information. Nothing on this website should be interpreted to state or imply that past results are an indication of future performance. We shall not be liable for any errors or inaccuracies, regardless of cause, or the lack of timeliness of, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the user. THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ANY INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS OR ANY 'LINKED' WEBSITE.
	

Close










Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Decreases Stake in Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE:NBL)					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Deluxe Corporation (DLX)					

Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Shares Bought by M. Kraus & Co					

Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)					

Incyte Corporation (INCY) Position Boosted by Fisher Asset Management LLC					

Stewart Information Services Corporation (NYSE:STC) Stake Boosted by Fisher Asset Management LLC					

Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK) Shares Bought by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

Lazard Ltd. (LAZ) Position Held by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

State of Alaska Department of Revenue Purchases 4,669 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HA)					

National Pension Service Increases Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL)					

TransAlta Renewables Inc (RNW) Declares $0.07 Monthly Dividend					

Tompkins Financial Co. (AMEX:TMP) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.45 Per Share					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Newpark Resources, Inc. (NYSE:NR) to Sell					

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) Earns Overweight Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Ocado Group PLC’s (LON:OCDO) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group					

Paysafe Group Plc (PAYS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity					

Potbelly Corporation (PBPB) Rating Lowered to Hold at Maxim Group					

UBS AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)					

Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) Downgraded by Evercore ISI to “Underperform”					

Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Esure Group PLC (ESUR)					





 





						Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Bank of Montreal Can lowered its stake in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 20.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 378,420 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 99,271 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can owned about 0.09% of CA worth $13,043,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in CA. Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 3.4% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 3,245 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 107 shares during the last quarter.  Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 280.0% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 3,800 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners boosted its position in shares of  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares during the last quarter.  Tompkins Financial Corp boosted its position in shares of  CA by 294.7% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 5,387 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 4,022 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 5,658 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 492 shares during the last quarter. 70.62% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.42 on Friday. CA Inc. has a 52-week low of $30.01 and a 52-week high of $36.54. The firm has a market cap of $14.38 billion, a PE ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $33.50 and a 200-day moving average of $32.46. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.60 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)” was  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/bank-of-montreal-can-sells-99271-shares-of-ca-inc-ca.html. 
CA has been the topic of several recent research reports. FIG Partners raised shares of CA to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a research report on Sunday, May 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, DA Davidson cut shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In other CA news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

Carl Domino Inc Decreases Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI)					

Carl Domino Inc Sells 3,000 Shares of Masco Corporation (MAS)					

Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) Stake Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) Position Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA Boosts Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL)					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts					

Boenning Scattergood Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (SASR)					

Quaint Oak Bancorp Inc (QNTO) Announces  Earnings Results					

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (NYSE:WAB) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.14 EPS					

AMEC Foster Wheeler plc American Depositary Shares (NASDAQ:AMFW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.23					

Chemical Financial Corporation (CHFC) Announces  Earnings Results					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Verifone Systems (NYSE:PAY) Stock Price					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Share Price					

Globalstar (GSAT) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.19					

Axiom Securities Reiterates “Sell” Rating for United States Steel Corporation (X)					

TRI Pointe Group (NYSE:TPH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows					

VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Unisys Corporation (UIS) to Hold					

Western Alliance Bancorporation’s (WAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					





 





						Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Carl Domino Inc boosted its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 1.0% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 33,596 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 340 shares during the period. Carl Domino Inc’s holdings in CA were worth $1,158,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. FMR LLC increased its position in  CA by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 119,299 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,790,000 after buying an additional 621 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $502,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in  CA by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,090,277 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $66,407,000 after buying an additional 123,497 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $722,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $322,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) traded down 1.08% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.65. The stock had a trading volume of 579,386 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.49. CA Inc. has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/carl-domino-inc-raises-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. DA Davidson downgraded CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies increased their price target on CA from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, FIG Partners upgraded CA to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 





































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


﻿




























Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Stake Maintained by Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Verizon Communications Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Verizon Communications Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Baker Hughes A GE Co (BHI) Coverage Initiated at FBR & Co
Astrazeneca PLC (AZN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Nomura Raises Citigroup Inc. (C) Price Target to $78.00
SRC Energy’s (NASDAQ:SRCI) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Equiniti Group PLC (LON:EQN) Insider Guy Wakeley Acquires 3,795 Shares
Tallgrass Energy Partners,’s (NYSE:TEP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
ConocoPhillips (COP) Stock Rating Lowered by Wolfe Research
Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ:CYBR) Given New $51.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Given New $75.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
Nevsun Resources’ (NSU) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Volvo AB (VOLV-B) a SEK 149 Price Target
Soligenix Inc (SNGX) Now Covered by Analysts at HC Wainwright
Synaptics Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYNA) Receives $59.61 Average Price Target from Analysts
Restoration Hardware Holdings Inc. (RH) Trading Up 9.8% on Analyst Upgrade
AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest
iShares MSCI South Africa Index Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NYSE:EZA)
MaxLinear, Inc (MXL)  Shares Down 7.2%  Following Analyst Downgrade
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $486.11 Million



 


Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Stake Maintained by Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV

					Posted by Mandy Boone on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV maintained its position in  Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 18,087 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV’s holdings in Verizon Communications were worth $965,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Verizon Communications during the fourth quarter worth about $9,742,000.  Sunbelt Securities Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Verizon Communications during the fourth quarter worth about $115,000.  Tortoise Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Verizon Communications by 35.3% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 2,609 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 680 shares during the period.  Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Verizon Communications during the fourth quarter worth about $155,000.  Finally, Portfolio Solutions LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Verizon Communications during the first quarter worth about $179,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  62.55% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Verizon Communications Inc. alerts:



Shares of Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) opened at 44.23 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $180.43 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.79 and a beta of 0.54. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $45.13 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.92. Verizon Communications Inc. has a 12 month low of $42.80 and a 12 month high of $56.25. 




Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The cell phone carrier reported $0.95 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.03. Verizon Communications had a return on equity of 66.99% and a net margin of 9.92%. The company had revenue of $29.81 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $30.41 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.06 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts forecast that  Verizon Communications Inc. will post $3.75 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 10th will be paid a $0.5775 dividend. This represents a $2.31 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.22%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 6th. Verizon Communications’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 77.00%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Stake Maintained by Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV” was first  reported by StockNewsTimes and is the property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/22/verizon-communications-inc-nysevz-stake-maintained-by-investors-asset-management-of-georgia-inc-ga-adv.html. 
A number of brokerages recently issued reports on VZ. Bank of America Corporation  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Verizon Communications in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. Zacks Investment Research cut Verizon Communications from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Cowen and Company  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $49.00 target price on shares of Verizon Communications in a research report on Wednesday. Argus cut Verizon Communications from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Barclays PLC decreased their target price on Verizon Communications from $49.00 to $47.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, July 14th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-five have issued  a hold rating, five have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $53.23.
In other news, EVP Marni M. Walden sold 16,362 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.08, for a total value of $753,960.96. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 11,797 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $543,605.76. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Craig L. Silliman sold 610 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.00, for a total transaction of $27,450.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 8,429 shares in the company, valued at $379,305. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 18,192 shares of company stock worth $837,958 over the last ninety days. 0.13% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Verizon Communications Company Profile
Verizon Communications Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies. Its segments include Wireless and Wireline. The Wireless segment offers communications products and services, including wireless voice and data services and equipment sales, to consumer, business and government customers across the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ).







Receive News & Ratings for Verizon Communications Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Verizon Communications Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 













































INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC Form ADV Details as of 2017-02-06  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















WhaleWisdom /
Filer Search /
INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC /
Form ADV Filing



Quick Nav

Top
Identifying Info
SEC Registration
Organization
Advisory Business
Clients
Compensation
AUM
Advisory Activites
Other Business
Custody
Disclosures



Form ADV Compilation Report
INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC
Compilation done on 2017-02-06

Item 1 Identifying Information


A.


   Your full legal name (if you are a sole proprietor, your last, first, and middle names):





INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC




B.


   Name under which you primarily conduct your advisory business, if different from Item 1.A. 





INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC




D.


   your SEC file number:





801-37633




E.


   If you have a number (“CRD Number”) assigned by the FINRA’s CRD system or by the IARD system, your CRD number





106796





    Principal Office and Place of Business
  




   7000 PEACHTREE DUNWOODY ROAD
          BLDG 9 SUITE 200
      ATLANTA
      GA  30328
  






   Telephone number at this location:





770-394-5619







   Facsimile number at this location:





770-394-5532





      Mailing Address
    









I


   Do you have one or more websites?






 Yes
 No







HTTP://WWW.INVESTORSASSETMANAGEMENT.COM





M


   Are you registered with a foreign financial regulatory authority?





  Yes
  No





N


   Are you a public reporting company under Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934?





  Yes
  No





O


   Did you have $1 billion or more in assets on the last day of your most recent fiscal year?





  Yes
  No




Item 2 SEC Registration

To register (or remain registered) with the SEC, you must check at least one of the Items 2.A.(1) through
    2.A.(12), below. If you are submitting an annual updating amendment to your SEC registration and you
    are no longer eligible to register with the SEC, check Item 2.A.(13). Part 1A Instruction 2 provides
    information to help you determine whether you may affirmatively respond to each of these items.
    :
You (the adviser)


(1)




    are a large advisory firm
    




(2)




    are a mid-sized advisory firm
    




(3)




    have your principal office and place of business in Wyoming
    




(4)




    have your principal office and place of business outside the United States
    




(5)




    are an investment adviser (or sub-adviser) to an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940
    




(6)




    are an investment adviser to a company which has elected to be a business development
    company
    




(7)




    are a pension consultant with respect to assets of plans having an aggregate value of at least
    $200,000,000 that qualifies for the exemption in rule 203A-2(a)
    




(8)




    are a related adviser under rule 203A-2(b)
    




(9)




    ) are a newly formed adviser relying on rule 203A-2(c) because you expect to be eligible for SEC
    registration within 120 days;
    




(10)




    are a multi-state adviser that is required to register in 15 or more states and is relying on rule
    203A-2(d); 
    




(11)




    are an Internet adviser relying on rule 203A-2(e);
    




(12)




    have received an SEC order exempting you from the prohibition against registration with the
    SEC;
    




(13)




    are no longer eligible to remain registered with the SEC.
    


SEC Reporting by Exempt Reporting Advisors


(1)




    qualify for the exemption from registration as an adviser solely to one or more venture capital
    funds;
    




(2)




    qualify for the exemption from registration because you act solely as an adviser to private funds
    and have assets under management in the United States of less than $150 million;
    




(3)




    act solely as an adviser to private funds but you are no longer eligible to check box 2.B.(2)
    because you have assets under management in the United States of $150 million or more.
    


State Securities Authority Notice Filings and State Reporting by Exempt Reporing Advisors


C


   Under state laws, SEC-registered advisers may be required to provide to state securities authorities a copy
    of the Form ADV and any amendments they file with the SEC. These are called notice filings. In addition,
    exempt reporting advisers may be required to provide state securities authorities with a copy of reports and
    any amendments they file with the SEC. If this is an initial application or report, check the box(es) next to
    the state(s) that you would like to receive notice of this and all subsequent filings or reports you submit to
    the SEC. If this is an amendment to direct your notice filings or reports to additional state(s), check the
    box(es) next to the state(s) that you would like to receive notice of this and all subsequent filings or reports
    you submit to the SEC. If this is an amendment to your registration to stop your notice filings or reports
    from going to state(s) that currently receive them, uncheck the box(es) next to those state(s). 











FL
GA
NC
SC
TX
VA




Item 3 Form of Organization


A


   How are you organized:





Corporation 




B


   In what month does your fiscal year end each year? 





DECEMBER




C


   Under the laws of what state or country are you organized?





GA  United States



Item 5 Information About Your Advisory Business


A


   Approximately how many employees do you have? Include full- and part-time employees but do not
     include any clerical workers.





7




B (1)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. perform investment advisory functions
    (including research)? 





6




(2)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are registered representatives of a brokerdealer?





0




(3)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are registered with one or more state
    securities authorities as investment adviser representatives? 





7




(4)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are registered with one or more state
    securities authorities as investment adviser representatives for an investment adviser other than you? 





0




(5)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are licensed agents of an insurance
    company or agency? 





1




(6)


   Approximately how many firms or other persons solicit advisory clients on your behalf? 





0



Clients


C (1)


   To approximately how many clients did you provide investment advisory services during your most
     recently completed fiscal year? 





More than 100 500




(2)


   Approximately what percentage of your clients are non-United States persons?





0




D (1)


   What types of clients do you have? Indicate the approximate percentage that each type of client
    comprises of your total number of clients. If a client fits into more than one category, check all
    that apply.









(a)


   Individuals (other than
    high net worth individuals) 





Up to 10 percent




(b)


   High net worth individuals





51-75 percent




(c)


   Banking or thrift institutions





0 percent




(d)


   Investment companies 





0 percent




(e)


   Business development companies





0 percent




(f)


   Pooled investment vehicles (other than
     investment companies)





0 percent




(g)


   Pension and profit sharing plans
     (but not the plan participants)





Up to 10 percent




(h)


   Charitable organizations 





Up to 10 percent




(i)


   Corporations or other businesses
     not listed above





Up to 10 percent




(j)


   State or municipal government entities





0 percent




(k)


   Other investment advisers





0 percent




(l)


   Insurance companies 





0 percent




(m)


   Other:





 




D (2)


   Indicate the approximate amount of your regulatory assets under management (reported in Item 5.F.
    below) attributable to each of the following type of client. If a client fits into more than one category,
    check all that apply









(a)


   Individuals (other than
        high net worth individuals) 





Up to 25 percent




(b)


   High net worth individuals





Up to 75 percent




(c)


   Banking or thrift institutions





0 percent




(d)


   Investment companies 





0 percent




(e)


   Business development companies





0 percent




(f)


   Pooled investment vehicles (other than
         investment companies)





0 percent




(g)


   Pension and profit sharing plans
         (but not the plan participants)





Up to 25 percent




(h)


   Charitable organizations 





Up to 25 percent




(i)


   Corporations or other businesses
         not listed above





Up to 25 percent




(j)


   State or municipal government entities





0 percent




(k)


   Other investment advisers





0 percent




(l)


   Insurance companies 





0 percent




(m)


   Other:





 



Compensation Arrangements


E


   You are compensated for your investment advisory services by (check all that apply): 









(1)




    A percentage of assets under your management
    




(2)




    Hourly charges
    




(3)




    Subscription fees (for a newsletter or periodical)
    




(4)




    Fixed fees (other than subscription fees) 
    




(5)




    Commissions 
    




(6)




    Performance-based fees
    




(7)




    Other
    



Regulatory Assets Under Management


F (1)


   Do you provide continuous and regular supervisory or management services to securities
     portfolios? 






 Yes
 No





F (2) (a)


   If yes, what is the amount of your regulatory assets under management?  Discretionary





166345203.0




F (2) (b)


   If yes, what is the amount of your regulatory assets under management?  Non-Discretionary





11054551.0




F (2) (c)


   If yes, what is the amount of your regulatory assets under management?  Total





0.0




F (2) (d)


   If yes, what is the total number of accounts?  Discretionary





455




F (2) (e)


   If yes, what is the total number of accounts?  Non-Discretionary





7




F (2) (f)


   If yes, what is the total number of accounts?  Total





462



Advisory Activities


G


   What type(s) of advisory services do you provide? Check all that apply. 









(1)




    Financial planning services 
    




(2)




    Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses 
    




(3)




    Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as “business development companies”
     that have made an election pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940) 
    




(4)




    Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies) 
    




(5)




    Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
    (other than registered investment companies and other pooled investment vehicles) 
    




(6)




    Pension consulting services
    




(7)




    Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
    




(8)




    Publication of periodicals or newsletters 
    




(9)




    Security ratings or pricing services 
    




(10)




    Market timing services 
    




(11)




    Educational seminars/workshops
    




(12)




    Other
    




H


   If you provide financial planning services, to how many clients did you provide these services during your
    last fiscal year?





11-25







   If more than 500, how many?









I


   If you participate in a wrap fee program, do you (check all that apply): 









(1)




    sponsor the wrap fee program?
    




(2)




    act as a portfolio manager for the wrap fee program?
    




J


   In response to Item 4.B. of Part 2A of Form ADV, do you indicate that you provide investment advice only
    with respect to limited types of investments? 





  Yes
  No




Item 6 Other Business Activities


A


   You are actively engaged in business as a (check all that apply):









(1)




    broker-dealer (registered or unregistered)
    




(2)




    registered representative of a broker-dealer
    




(3)




    commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor (whether registered or exempt from
    registration)
    




(4)




    futures commission merchant
    




(5)




    real estate broker, dealer, or agent 
    




(6)




    insurance broker or agent 
    




(7)




    bank (including a separately identifiable department or division of a bank) 
    




(8)




    trust company
    




(9)




    registered municipal advisor
    




(10)




    registered security-based swap dealer
    




(11)




    major security-based swap participant
    




(12)




    accountant or accounting firm 
    




(13)




    lawyer or law firm
    




(14)




    other financial product salesperson
    




B (1)


   Are you actively engaged in any other business not listed in Item 6.A. (other than giving investment
     advice)?





  Yes
  No





B (2)


   If yes, is this other business your primary business?





  Yes
  No





B (3)


   Do you sell products or provide services other than investment advice to your advisory clients?






 Yes
 No



Item 7 Financial Industry Affiliations and Private Fund Reporting


A


   This part of Item 7 requires you to provide information about you and your related persons, including
    foreign affiliates. Your related persons are all of your advisory affiliates and any person that is under
    common control with you.
    You have a related person that is a (check all that apply): 









(1)




    broker-dealer, municipal securities dealer, or government securities broker or dealer
    




(2)




    other investment adviser (including financial planners) 
    




(3)




    registered municipal advisor
    




(4)




    registered security-based swap dealer
    




(5)




    major security-based swap participant 
    




(6)




    commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor (whether registered or exempt from
    registration) 
    




(7)




    futures commission merchant
    




(8)




    banking or thrift institution 
    




(9)




    trust company
    




(10)




    accountant or accounting firm
    




(11)




     lawyer or law firm 
    




(12)




    insurance company or agency
    




(13)




    pension consultant 
    




(14)




    real estate broker or dealer
    




(15)




    sponsor or syndicator of limited partnerships (or equivalent), excluding pooled
    investment vehicles 
    




(16)




    sponsor, general partner, managing member (or equivalent) of pooled investment vehicles
    




B.


   Are you an adviser to any private fund?





  Yes
  No



Item 8 Participation or Interest in Client Transactions


A. (1)


   Do you or any related person: buy securities for yourself from advisory clients, or sell securities you own to
     advisory clients (principal transactions)? 





  Yes
  No





(2)


   Do you or any related person: buy or sell for yourself securities (other than shares of mutual funds) that you
    also recommend to advisory clients?






 Yes
 No





(3)


   Do you or any related person: recommend securities (or other investment products) to advisory clients in
    which you or any related person has some other proprietary (ownership)
    interest (other than those mentioned in Items 8.A.(1) or (2))?





  Yes
  No





B. (1)


   Do you or any related person: as a broker-dealer or registered representative of a broker-dealer, execute
    securities trades for brokerage customers in which advisory client securities
    are sold to or bought from the brokerage customer (agency cross transactions)?





  Yes
  No





(2)


   Do you or any related person: recommend purchase of securities to advisory clients for which you or any related
        person serves as underwriter, general or managing partner, or purchaser representative?





  Yes
  No





(3)


   recommend purchase or sale of securities to advisory clients for which you or any
        related person has any other sales interest (other than the receipt of sales
        commissions as a broker or registered representative of a broker-dealer)?





  Yes
  No





C


   Do you or any related person have discretionary authority to determine the:









(1)


   securities to be bought or sold for a client’s account?






 Yes
 No





(2)


   amount of securities to be bought or sold for a client’s account?






 Yes
 No





(3)


   broker or dealer to be used for a purchase or sale of securities for a client’s account?





  Yes
  No





(4)


   commission rates to be paid to a broker or dealer for a client’s securities
    transactions?





  Yes
  No





D


   If you answer “yes” to C.(3) above, are any of the brokers or dealers related persons?





  Yes
  No





E


   Do you or any related person recommend brokers or dealers to clients?






 Yes
 No





F


   If you answer “yes” to E above, are any of the brokers or dealers related persons?





  Yes
  No





G (1)


   Do you or any related person receive research or other products or services
    other than execution from a broker-dealer or a third party (“soft dollar benefits”) in
    connection with client securities transactions?





  Yes
  No





(2)


   If "yes" to G.(1) above, are all the “soft dollar benefits” you or any
    related persons receive eligible “research or brokerage services” under section
    28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934?





  Yes
  No





H


   Do you or any related person, directly or indirectly, compensate any person for
    client referrals?





  Yes
  No





I


   Do you or any related person, directly or indirectly, receive compensation from any
    person for client referrals?





  Yes
  No




Item 9 Custody


A (1)


   Do you have custody of any advisory clients’ cash or bank accounts?:





  Yes
  No





(2)


   Do you have custody of any advisory clients’ securities?:





  Yes
  No





(2) (a)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the approximate amount of client funds and securities for which you have custody:









(2) (b)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the total number of clients for which you have custody::









B (1)


   In connection with advisory services you provide to clients, do any of your related persons have
    custody of any of your advisory clients’ cash or bank accounts?:





  Yes
  No





(2)


   In connection with advisory services you provide to clients, do any of your related persons have
        custody of any of your advisory clients’ securities?:





  Yes
  No





(2) (a)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the approximate amount of client funds and securities for which your related persons have custody:









(2) (b)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the total number of clients for which your related persons have custody::









C


   If you or your related persons have custody of client funds or securities in connection with advisory services you provide to clients, check all the following that apply:









(1)




    A qualified custodian(s) sends account statements at least quarterly to the investors in the pooled investment vehicle(s) you manage.
    




(2)




    An independent public accountant audits annually the pooled investment vehicle(s) that you manage and the audited financial statements are distributed to the investors in the pools.
    




(3)




    An independent public accountant conducts an annual surprise examination of client funds and securities.
    




(4)




    An independent public accountant prepares an internal control report with respect to custodial services when you or your related persons are qualified custodians for client funds and securities.
    




D


   Do you or your related person(s) act as qualified custodians for your clients in connection with advisory services you provide to clients?









(1)


   you act as a qualified custodian





  Yes
  No





(2)


   your related person(s) act as qualified custodian(s)





  Yes
  No





E


   If you are filing your annual updating amendment and you were subject to a surprise examination by an
    independent public accountant during your last fiscal year, provide the date (MM/YYYY) the examination commenced:









F


   If you or your related persons have custody of client funds or securities, how many persons, including,
     but not limited to, you and your related persons, act as qualified custodians for your clients in connection with advisory services you provide to clients?





4


Item 10 Control Persons


A


   Does any person not named in Item 1.A. or Schedules A, B, or C, directly or indirectly, control your management or policies?





  Yes
  No




Item 11 Disclosure Information





   Do any of the events below involve you or any of your supervised persons?





  Yes
  No





A. (1)


   In the past ten years, have you or any advisory affiliate: been convicted of or pled guilty or nolo contendere (“no contest”) in a
    domestic, foreign, or military court to any felony?





  Yes
  No





A. (2)


   In the past ten years, have you or any advisory affiliate: been charged with any felony?





  Yes
  No





B. (1)


   been convicted of or pled guilty or nolo contendere (“no contest”) in a domestic,
    foreign, or military court to a misdemeanor involving: investments or an
    investment-related business, or any fraud, false statements, or omissions,
    wrongful taking of property, bribery, perjury, forgery, counterfeiting, extortion,
    or a conspiracy to commit any of these offenses?





  Yes
  No





B. (2)


   been charged with a misdemeanor listed in Item 11.B.(1)?





  Yes
  No





C


   Has the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) ever:









 (1)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have made a false statement or omission?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been involved in a violation of SEC
    or CFTC regulations or statutes?





  Yes
  No





 (3)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been a cause of an investment-related
    business having its authorization to do business denied, suspended, revoked, or
    restricted?





  Yes
  No





 (4)


   entered an order against you or any advisory affiliate in connection with
    investment-related activity?





  Yes
  No





 (5)


   imposed a civil money penalty on you or any advisory affiliate, or ordered you
    or any advisory affiliate to cease and desist from any activity?





  Yes
  No





D


   Has any other federal regulatory agency, any state regulatory agency, or any foreign
    financial regulatory authority:









 (1)


   ever found you or any advisory affiliate to have made a false statement or
        omission, or been dishonest, unfair, or unethical?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   ever found you or any advisory affiliate to have been involved in a violation of
        investment-related regulations or statutes?





  Yes
  No





 (3)


   ever found you or any advisory affiliate to have been a cause of an investment-
        related business having its authorization to do business denied, suspended,
        revoked, or restricted?





  Yes
  No





 (4)


   in the past ten years, entered an order against you or any advisory affiliate in
        connection with an investment-related activity?





  Yes
  No





 (5)


   ever denied, suspended, or revoked your or any advisory affiliate’s registration or
        license, or otherwise prevented you or any advisory affiliate, by order,
        from associating with an investment-related business or restricted your or any
        advisory affiliate’s activity?





  Yes
  No





E


   Has any self-regulatory organization or commodities exchange ever:









 (1)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have made a false statement or omission?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been involved in a violation of its
         rules (other than a violation designated as a “minor rule violation” under a plan
         approved by the SEC)?






 Yes
 No





 (3)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been the cause of an investment-
         related business having its authorization to do business denied, suspended,
         revoked, or restricted?





  Yes
  No





 (4)


   disciplined you or any advisory affiliate by expelling or suspending
         you or the advisory affiliate from membership, barring or suspending you or
         the advisory affiliate from association with other members, or otherwise
         restricting your or the advisory affiliate’s activities?






 Yes
 No





F


   Has an authorization to act as an attorney, accountant, or federal contractor granted
    to you or any advisory affiliate ever been revoked or suspended?





  Yes
  No





G


   Are you or any advisory affiliate now the subject of any regulatory proceeding that
    could result in a “yes” answer to any part of Item 11.C., 11.D., or 11.E.?





  Yes
  No





H (1)


   Has any domestic or foreign court:









 (a)


   in the past ten years, enjoined you or any advisory affiliate in connection with any
             investment-related activity?





  Yes
  No





 (b)


   ever found that you or any advisory affiliate were involved in a violation of
             investment-related statutes or regulations?





  Yes
  No





 (c)


   ever dismissed, pursuant to a settlement agreement, an investment-related
             civil action brought against you or any advisory affiliate by a state or foreign
             financial regulatory authority?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   Are you or any advisory affiliate now the subject of any civil proceeding that could
    result in a “yes” answer to any part of Item 11.H(1)?





  Yes
  No











Elevate your investments
Try it for free
















Honeywell International (NYSE:HON) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Honeywell International Company Profile (NYSE:HON)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)
Honeywell International Inc. is a technology and manufacturing company. The Company operates through four segments: Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Performance Materials and Technologies, and Safety and Productivity Solutions. The Company's Aerospace segment supplies products, software and services for aircraft and vehicles that it sells to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and other customers. The Home and Building Technologies segment provides products, software, solutions and technologies that help owners of homes stay connected and in control of their comfort, security and energy use. The Performance Materials and Technologies segment is engaged in developing and manufacturing materials, process technologies and automation solutions. The Safety and Productivity Solutions segment is engaged in providing products, software and connected solutions to customers that manage productivity, workplace safety and asset performance. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Multi-Sector Conglomerates
Industry: Industrial Conglomerates
Sub-Industry: Aerospace & Defense
Symbol: NYSE:HON
CUSIP: 43851610
Web: www.honeywell.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $104.04 billionOutstanding Shares: 760,569,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $134.75200 Day Moving Avg: $127.8952 Week Range: $105.25 - $138.70


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 21.21Foreward P/E Ratio: 17.63P/E Growth: 2.65Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $39.36 billionPrice / Sales: 2.64Book Value: $26.85 per sharePrice / Book: 5.09Dividend:Annual Dividend: $2.66Dividend Yield: 1.9%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $7.85 billionNet Margins: 12.68%Return on Equity: 26.60%Return on Assets: 9.75%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.55%Current Ratio: 1.34%Quick Ratio: 1.08%Misc:Average Volume: 2.56 million shs.Beta: 0.95Short Ratio: 2.96

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)
What is Honeywell International's stock symbol?

Honeywell International trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "HON."



How often does Honeywell International pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Honeywell International?

Honeywell International announced a quarterly dividend on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Friday, August 18th will be paid a dividend of $0.665 per share on Friday, September 8th. This represents a $2.66 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.94%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 16th.  View Honeywell International's Dividend History.



How were Honeywell International's earnings last quarter?

Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, July, 21st. The company reported $1.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $1.78 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $10.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $9.89 billion. Honeywell International had a return on equity of 26.60% and a net margin of 12.68%. The business's quarterly revenue was up .9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.70 EPS.  View Honeywell International's Earnings History.



When will Honeywell International make its next earnings announcement?

Honeywell International is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Thursday, October, 19th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Honeywell International.



What guidance has Honeywell International issued on next quarter's earnings?

Honeywell International updated its third quarter earnings guidance on Friday, July, 21st. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $1.70-1.75 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $1.73. The company issued revenue guidance of decline of (1%) to 1% to ~$9.706-9.902 billion, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $9.84 billion.Honeywell International also updated its FY17 guidance to $7.00-7.10 EPS.



Where is Honeywell International's stock going? Where will Honeywell International's stock price be in 2017?

16 brokers have issued 12-month price objectives for Honeywell International's stock. Their forecasts range from $113.00 to $155.00. On average, they expect Honeywell International's stock price to reach $138.80 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Honeywell International.



What are analysts saying about Honeywell International stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Honeywell International stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Honeywell’s diversified business portfolio has the potential to earn consistent above-average returns and mitigate operating risks through a balanced organic and inorganic model. A diligent focus on working capital management, free cash flow generation and a conservative balance sheet remain key positives. With a flexible yet disciplined focus on cost and productivity, Honeywell remains focused on increasing its presence in high-growth regions. The company has earmarked $300 million for restructuring efforts to drive further margin expansion. Earnings for 2017 are expected to be up 7–10% year over year to $6.90–$7.10 per share on favorable growth dynamics. The company also outperformed the industry year to date. However, adverse foreign currency translations, high R&D expenses to fend off competition and volatility in commodity prices related to the Brexit referendum are likely to peg back its growth momentum to some extent." (7/20/2017)
2. Cowen and Company analysts commented, "HON’s in line Q2 ops and C17 guidance hike mark another strong Q under new CEO." (7/17/2017)
3. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "Honeywell generated EPS of $6.60 in 2016 vs. $6.10 in 2015, an 8% increase. Our 2017 and 2018 EPS estimates remain unchanged at $7.10 and $7.60, respectively. Our review of the company's 10-K highlights elements of profitability and cash flows. For example, the Non-U.S. business is more profitable and has shown better growth over the past several years than the U.S. business, trends likely to continue." (2/21/2017)




Who are some of Honeywell International's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Honeywell International include 3M Company (MMM), United Technologies Corporation (UTX), Danaher Corporation (DHR), Hitachi (HTHIY), Sumitomo Corp. (SSUMY), Swire Pacific (SWRAY), Leucadia National Corporation (LUK), Carlisle Companies Incorporated (CSL), Macquarie Infrastructure Company (MIC), Crane Company (CR), ITT (ITT), Federal Signal Corporation (FSS), Lydall (LDL) and Lsb Industries (LXU).



Who are Honeywell International's key executives?

Honeywell International's management team includes the folowing people: David M. Cote, Chairman of the BoardDarius Adamczyk, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorAndreas C. Kramvis, Vice Chairman of the BoardThomas A. Szlosek, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice PresidentRajeev Gautam, President and Chief Executive Officer of PMTTerrence S. Hahn, President and Chief Executive Officer - Home and Building Technologies (HBT)Timothy O. Mahoney, President and Chief Executive Officer - AerospaceJohn F. Waldron, President and Chief Executive Officer - Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS)Katherine L. Adams, Senior Vice President, General CounselMark R. James, Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Procurement and Communications



Who owns Honeywell International stock?

Honeywell International's stock is owned by a number of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional investors include First Manhattan Co. (0.25%), Harbour Capital Advisors LLC (0.24%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.21%), Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado (0.18%), Bank of Montreal Can (0.16%) and RE Advisers Corp (0.14%). Company insiders that own Honeywell International stock include Andreas Kramvis, Bradley T Sheares, D Scott Davis, Darius Adamczyk, David M Cote, Gordon M Bethune, Jaime Chico /Fa Pardo, Jennifer H Mak, Katherine L Adams, Krishna Mikkilineni, Linnet F Deily, Mark R James, Roger Fradin, Thomas A Szlosek and Timothy O Mahoney. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Honeywell International.



Who sold Honeywell International stock? Who is selling Honeywell International stock?

Honeywell International's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including State Treasurer State of Michigan, Fisher Asset Management LLC, Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P., NGAM Advisors L.P., Strs Ohio, Russell Investments Group Ltd., ING Groep NV and Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC. Company insiders that have sold Honeywell International stock in the last year include Bradley T Sheares, D Scott Davis, Darius Adamczyk, David M Cote, Jennifer H Mak, Katherine L Adams, Linnet F Deily, Mark R James, Thomas A Szlosek and Timothy O Mahoney. View Insider Buying and Selling for Honeywell International.



Who bought Honeywell International stock? Who is buying Honeywell International stock?

Honeywell International's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Harbour Capital Advisors LLC, Bank of Montreal Can, Waverton Investment Management Ltd, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A, National Pension Service and Gateway Investment Advisers LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for Honeywell International.



How do I buy Honeywell International stock? 

Shares of Honeywell International can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Honeywell International's stock price today?

One share of Honeywell International stock can currently be purchased for approximately $136.79.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Honeywell International (NYSE HON)Community Ranking:  3.7 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  790 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  280 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  1,070MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Honeywell International and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Hold Rating, 15 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.94)Consensus Price Target: $138.80 (1.47% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/25/2017Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingNeutral$131.00 -> $139.00Low7/24/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$141.00 -> $155.00Low7/24/2017Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Boost Price TargetOutperform$148.00 -> $155.00Medium7/24/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaBoost Price TargetOutperform -> Outperform$145.00 -> $148.00Medium7/17/2017Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingBuy$140.00Low6/22/2017Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingOverweight$137.00 -> $141.00Low6/21/2017HSBC Holdings plcInitiated CoverageBuy$147.00Low4/25/2017Stifel NicolausBoost Price TargetBuy$136.00 -> $143.00Low4/25/2017Citigroup Inc.Boost Price TargetBuy$140.00 -> $147.00Low4/25/2017Barclays PLCBoost Price TargetOverweight$139.00 -> $140.00Low1/31/2017ArgusReiterated RatingBuy$135.00N/A1/20/2017Robert W. BairdReiterated RatingOutperform$132.00N/A12/15/2016Sanford C. BernsteinReiterated RatingOutperformN/A10/10/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)DowngradeConviction-Buy -> Buy$122.00N/A10/7/2016Bank of America CorporationReiterated RatingBuy$125.00N/A8/25/2016Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingBuy$113.00N/A3/3/2016Sterne Agee CRTBoost Price TargetBuy$113.00 -> $126.00N/A3/3/2016NomuraBoost Price TargetNeutral$106.00 -> $108.00N/A2/5/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoLower Price Target$125.00 -> $120.00N/A10/20/2015S&P Equity ResearchReiterated RatingHold$108.00N/A10/19/2015Societe GeneraleLower Price Target$110.00 -> $108.00N/A(Data available from 7/29/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)Earnings History by Quarter for Honeywell International (NYSE HON)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails10/19/2017N/A7/21/2017Q2 2017$1.78$1.80$9.89 billion$10.08 billionViewN/A4/21/2017Q1 2017$1.62$1.66$9.33 billion$9.49 billionViewN/A1/27/2017Q416$1.74$1.74$10.15 billion$9.99 billionViewN/A10/21/2016Q316$1.70$1.67$9.78 billion$9.80 billionViewListen7/22/2016Q216$1.64$1.66$10.13 billion$9.78 billionViewListen4/22/2016Q116$1.50$1.53$9.37 billion$9.52 billionViewListen1/29/2016Q415$1.58$1.58$9.99 billion$9.98 billionViewListen10/16/2015Q315$1.55$1.60$9.85 billion$9.61 billionViewListen7/17/2015Q215$1.49$1.51$9.74 billion$9.78 billionViewListen4/17/2015Q115$1.39$1.41$9.54 million$9.68 billionViewN/A1/23/2015Q414$1.42$1.43$10.23 billion$10.30 billionViewListen10/17/2014Q314$1.41$1.43$10.00 billion$10.10 billionViewListen7/18/2014Q214$1.36$1.38$10.19 billion$10.30 billionViewListen4/17/2014Q114$1.26$1.28$9.74 billion$9.68 billionViewListen1/24/2014Q413$1.22$1.24$10.19 billion$9.58 billionViewListen10/18/2013Q313$1.24$1.24$9.92 billion$9.60 billionViewListen7/19/2013Q2 2013$1.21$1.28$9.70 billion$9.44 billionViewListen4/19/2013Q1 2013$1.14$1.21$9.44 billion$9.31 billionViewListen1/25/2013Q4 2012$1.09$1.10$9.52 billion$9.47 billionViewListen10/19/2012$1.13$1.20ViewN/A7/18/2012$1.11$1.14ViewN/A4/20/2012$0.99$1.04ViewN/A1/27/2012$1.05$1.05ViewN/A10/21/2011$1.00$1.10ViewN/A7/22/2011$0.98$1.02ViewN/A4/20/2011$0.82$0.88ViewN/A1/28/2011$0.87$0.87ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.98QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20173$1.61$1.62$1.62Q2 20173$1.74$1.77$1.75Q3 20173$1.73$1.77$1.75Q4 20173$1.84$1.89$1.86(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)Next Dividend:9/8/2017Annual Dividend:$2.66Dividend Yield:1.94%Dividend Growth:13.40% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:41.24% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  37.46% (Based on This Year's Estimates)34.28% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:6 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Honeywell International (NYSE HON)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/28/2017quarterly$0.671.95%8/16/20178/18/20179/8/20174/24/2017quarterly$0.672.05%5/17/20175/19/20176/9/20172/9/2017quarterly$0.672.13%2/22/20172/24/20173/10/201710/28/2016quarterly$0.6711/16/201611/18/201612/9/20167/29/2016quarterly$0.608/17/20168/19/20169/9/20164/25/2016quarterly$0.605/17/20165/19/20166/10/20162/12/2016quarterly$0.602/23/20162/25/20163/10/201610/30/2015Quarterly$0.6011/17/201511/19/201512/10/20157/31/2015quarterly$0.528/18/20158/20/20159/10/20154/27/2015quarterly$0.522.01%5/19/20155/21/20156/10/20152/12/2015quarterly$0.521.98%2/24/20152/26/20153/10/201511/3/2014quarterly$0.522.16%11/18/201411/20/201412/10/20147/25/2014quarterly$0.451.89%8/19/20148/21/20149/10/20144/28/2014quarterly$0.451.95%5/20/20145/22/20146/10/20142/13/2014quarterly$0.451.9%2/25/20142/27/20143/10/201410/22/2013quarterly$0.452.08%11/19/201311/21/201312/10/20137/26/2013quarterly$0.411.98%8/16/20138/20/20139/10/20134/22/2013quarterly$0.412.19%5/16/20135/20/20136/10/20132/14/2013quarterly$0.412.34%2/21/20132/25/20133/11/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)Insider Ownership Percentage: 1.56%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 76.41%Insider Trades by Quarter for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails7/27/2017Jennifer H MakVPSell420$136.66$57,397.20  5/23/2017Jennifer H MakVPSell5,510$131.88$726,658.80  5/22/2017Katherine L AdamsSVPSell116,021$131.70$15,279,965.70  5/19/2017Bradley T ShearesDirectorSell3,430$131.71$451,765.30  5/8/2017Thomas A SzlosekCFOSell36,080$131.16$4,732,252.80  5/5/2017D Scott DavisDirectorSell6,535$130.97$855,888.95  5/3/2017David M. CoteDirectorSell969,650$130.78$126,810,827.00  4/26/2017Mark R JamesSVPSell116,441$130.47$15,192,057.27  12/22/2016Linnet F DeilyDirectorSell1,690$116.74$197,290.60  11/7/2016Bradley T ShearesDirectorSell3,000$109.99$329,970.00  8/15/2016Katherine L AdamsSVPSell108,712$116.13$12,624,724.56  8/12/2016Darius AdamczykCOOSell13,985$116.18$1,624,777.30  8/5/2016David M CoteCEOSell534,505$116.15$62,082,755.75  8/4/2016D Scott DavisDirectorSell7,415$116.21$861,697.15  8/4/2016Timothy O MahoneyInsiderSell600$116.29$69,774.00  7/29/2016Jennifer H MakVPSell277$115.54$32,004.58  7/28/2016Andreas KramvisVice ChairmanSell1,850$114.80$212,380.00  5/27/2016Krishna MikkilineniVPSell13,000$114.10$1,483,300.00  5/24/2016Andreas KramvisVice ChairmanSell38$113.98$4,331.24  5/10/2016Timothy O MahoneyCEOSell38,630$115.23$4,451,334.90  4/27/2016Andreas KramvisVice ChairmanSell51,405$115.07$5,915,173.35  4/27/2016Mark R JamesSVPSell109,150$114.84$12,534,786.00  4/27/2016Thomas A SzlosekCFOSell28,317$114.91$3,253,906.47  4/18/2016Roger FradinVice ChairmanSell188,420$115.12$21,690,910.40  4/15/2016Andreas KramvisVice ChairmanSell74,010$115.01$8,511,890.10  2/16/2016David M. CoteCEOSell344,936$104.85$36,166,539.60  2/12/2016Gordon M. BethuneDirectorSell2,105$103.49$217,846.45  2/10/2016Katherine L. AdamsSVPSell11,780$104.11$1,226,415.80  2/10/2016Roger FradinVice ChairmanSell31,384$102.77$3,225,333.68  2/8/2016Jaime Chico /Fa PardoDirectorSell3,006$101.35$304,658.10  11/18/2015Andreas KramvisVice ChairmanSell1,697$103.71$175,995.87  11/11/2015Katherine L. AdamsSVPSell5,638$104.05$586,633.90  11/10/2015D Scott DavisDirectorSell3,855$102.07$393,479.85  11/6/2015Bradley T. ShearesDirectorSell3,980$102.75$408,945.00  11/4/2015Katherine L. AdamsSVPSell7,000$104.02$728,140.00  11/3/2015Linnet F DeilyDirectorSell1,209$103.98$125,711.82  11/2/2015Roger FradinVice ChairmanSell41,398$103.77$4,295,870.46  8/14/2015Katherine L AdamsSVPSell5,000$106.00$530,000.00  7/23/2015Thomas A SzlosekCFOSell20,940$104.86$2,195,768.40  7/22/2015Roger FradinVice ChairmanSell70,926$105.00$7,447,230.00  5/18/2015Andreas KramvisVice ChairmanSell81,760$106.90$8,740,144.00  4/27/2015Darius AdamczykCEOSell4,330$102.78$445,037.40  2/27/2015Gordon M BethuneDirectorSell1,760$103.15$181,544.00  2/27/2015Timothy O MahoneyCEOSell1,110$103.04$114,374.40  2/23/2015David M CoteCEOSell303,798$104.27$31,677,017.46  2/12/2015Katherine L AdamsVPSell10,000$103.31$1,033,100.00  2/3/2015Katherine L AdamsVPSell20,000$101.00$2,020,000.00  2/3/2015Roger FradinChairmanSell128,616$98.46$12,663,531.36  12/19/2014Timothy O MahoneyCEOSell14,699$100.78$1,481,365.22  10/23/2014Katherine L AdamsSVPSell25,065$93.41$2,341,321.65  10/23/2014Roger FradinChairmanSell88,677$93.84$8,321,449.68  10/22/2014Alexandre IsmailCEOSell53,831$92.68$4,989,057.08  10/22/2014Mark R JamesSVPSell123,174$92.92$11,445,328.08  8/18/2014Roger FradinChairmanSell90,000$95.03$8,552,700.00  8/13/2014Katherine L AdamsVPSell3,800$94.00$357,200.00  5/13/2014Andreas KramvisChairmanSell71,575$94.08$6,733,776.00  5/12/2014Darius AdamczykCEOSell1,611$93.20$150,145.20  2/24/2014Roger FradinCEOSell54,032$95.00$5,133,040.00  2/19/2014Roger FradinCEOSell12,257$95.00$1,164,415.00  1/31/2014Katherine AdamsSVPSell5,326$92.00$489,992.00  1/30/2014Gordon BethuneDirectorSell1,923$90.87$174,743.01  1/29/2014Roger FradinCEOSell67,477$90.23$6,088,449.71  12/26/2013Katherine AdamsSVPSell6,911$91.00$628,901.00  12/20/2013Katherine AdamsVPSell2,335$89.23$208,352.05  11/4/2013David M CoteCEOSell418,521$86.16$36,059,769.36  10/28/2013Alexandre IsmailInsiderSell15,323$87.21$1,336,318.83  10/25/2013David J AndersonCFOSell20,000$86.91$1,738,200.00  10/23/2013Katherine L AdamsVPSell8,000$86.40$691,200.00  10/11/2013Roger FradinCEOSell190,612$85.00$16,202,020.00  9/23/2013Andreas KramvisCEOSell3,205$85.22$273,130.10  9/19/2013Katherine AdamsSVPSell6,516$87.25$568,521.00  9/16/2013Katherine AdamsSVPSell6,556$85.25$558,899.00  8/15/2013Judd GreggDirectorBuy1,000$82.10$82,100.00  8/13/2013Katherine AdamsVPSell6,000$83.15$498,900.00  8/9/2013Andreas KramvisCEOSell39,660$83.50$3,311,610.00  8/9/2013Mark JamesVPSell22,078$83.51$1,843,733.78  8/8/2013David AndersonCFOSell14,831$83.86$1,243,727.66  7/29/2013Bradley T ShearesDirectorSell7,670$82.93$636,073.10  5/23/2013Krishna MikkilineniSVPSell17,560$79.50$1,396,020.00  5/17/2013Katherine L AdamsSVPSell6,669$80.00$533,520.00  5/17/2013Roger FradinCEOSell190,241$80.30$15,276,352.30  5/15/2013Katherine L AdamsSVPSell6,685$79.84$533,730.40  5/8/2013Katherine L AdamsSVPSell33,710$76.90$2,592,299.00  2/5/2013Roger FradinCEOSell50,000$70.00$3,500,000.00  12/27/2012Timothy O MahoneyCEOSell4,465$63.23$282,321.95  12/26/2012Andreas KramvisCEOSell29,727$63.75$1,895,096.25  9/13/2012Katherine L AdamsSVPSell19,142$60.51$1,158,282.42  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)


Latest Headlines for Honeywell International (NYSE:HON)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineHoneywell wins $409 million US defense contract: Pentagon - Reuterswww.reuters.com - July 28 at 10:28 PMWhat If Jack Welch Chose the Wrong Protégé for GE?finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:28 PMHoneywell wins $409 million U.S. defense contract -Pentagonfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:28 PMHoneywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) VP Jennifer H. Mak Sells 420 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 7:51 PMHoneywell International Inc. (HON) Plans $0.67 Quarterly Dividendwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 11:58 AMSee Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Honeywell International - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 27 at 8:08 PMHoneywell: The Story Continues To Get Better - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 27 at 8:07 PMHoneywell’s Home and Building Technologies: Why 2Q17 Revenue Rosefinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 3:54 PMHoneywell’s Performance Materials and Technologies: Why It Fellfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 3:54 PMHoneywell’s Safety and Productivity Solutions: Why Revenue Rosefinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 3:53 PMBehind General Electric’s 2Q17 Revenue Slumpfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 3:53 PMHoneywell To Present At Jefferies 2017 Industrials Conferencefinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 3:53 PMResearch Analysts Set Expectations for Honeywell International Inc.'s Q4 2017 Earnings (HON)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 1:01 PMHoneywell’s 2Q17 Earnings Beat Estimates: Stock Risesfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 12:50 AMIs Honeywell International Being Conservative with its Guidance? - Motley Foolwww.fool.com - July 25 at 7:49 PMHoneywell Is Off To The Races Again - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 25 at 7:49 PMHoneywell’s 2Q17 Revenues Beat Estimates on Organic Growthfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 7:49 PMHoneywell International, Inc. :HON-US: Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2017 By the Numbers : July 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 7:49 PMHoneywell’s Aerospace Segment: Margin Improves with Lower Revenuefinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 7:49 PMIs Honeywell International Being Conservative with its Guidance?www.fool.com - July 25 at 10:42 AMQ3 2017 EPS Estimates for Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) Decreased by Analystwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 8:02 AMA Whole Lot of Corporate Planes Could Soon Be Groundedfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 10:54 PMHoneywell International Is Still Pointed Upfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 10:54 PMHoneywell's Better-Than-Expected Quarter Leads To Raised Guidancefinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 10:54 PMHoneywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) Given New $155.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 3:28 PMHoneywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) PT Raised to $148.00 at Royal Bank Of Canadawww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 9:09 AMHoneywell delivers $1.80 earnings per share; sales of $10.1B exceeds expectationswww.bizjournals.com - July 24 at 8:28 AMEdited Transcript of HON earnings conference call or presentation 21-Jul-17 1:30pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 8:00 PMHoneywell beats profit estimates, lifts full-year forecasts - Reuterswww.reuters.com - July 22 at 2:02 AMHoneywell Shares Relatively Unresponsive Despite Solid Earnings Beat247wallst.com - July 21 at 9:01 PM10-Q: HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INCwww.marketwatch.com - July 21 at 9:01 PMWall Street Retreats From Records as GE Presents Downbeat Outlookfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 9:01 PMCan Nasdaq Make It 41? Benchmark Struggles As Markets Hug Flat Line - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell beats profit estimates, lifts full-year forecasts - Yahoo Financefinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell bolsters defense against activist Loeb with guidance upgrades - Financial Timeswww.ft.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell: Sticky Results Prompt Inquiry - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell Beats Profit Estimates, Raises Full-Year Forecasts - New York Timeswww.nytimes.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMBig Morning for Q2 Earnings: GE, HON, ECA & Morefinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMStocks Lower as GE Depresses Dow, Microsoft Dipsfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMUS STOCKS-Wall St retreats from record levels as GE disappointsfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMGE Dives To 21-Month Low But This Industrial Giant Enters Buy Zonefinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell Revs Growth But Watch for Margin Sputtersfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell Is a Major Buy: Chartfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PM[$$] GE Leaves Investors in Limbofinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMJim Cramer Reveals One of the Most Important Investing Tips Everfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMStocks Come Off Lows but GE and Energy Sector Remain a Dragfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell beats Street 2Q forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell beats profit estimates, lifts full-year forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:00 PMHoneywell International Inc. (HON) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Resultswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 11:30 AMHoneywell International Inc. (HON) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidancewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 9:04 AM


Social





Chart
Honeywell International (HON) Chart for Saturday, July, 29, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/29/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





Request Information
1.800.776.0726





Resources

Contact Us
Inquiry



Welcome
 
 
 
 
 
 
♦ The Guidance You Need ♦
♦ The Service You Deserve ♦

Founded in 1988, Investors Asset Management™ is a fee-based Registered Investment Advisory firm located in Atlanta, Georgia. We actively manage and/or advise individual and institutional accounts and seek to meet the unique investment objectives of each client. Whether looking for a private individual Wealth Management Program, or the cost competitive, custom designed Investors CHOICE 401(k)™, our seasoned professional team is dedicated to providing comprehensive, integrated solutions to meet your investment needs and goals. 
 
 
 
 
 







	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer














 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





Request Information
1.800.776.0726





Resources

Contact Us
Inquiry



Welcome
 
 
 
 
 
 
♦ The Guidance You Need ♦
♦ The Service You Deserve ♦

Founded in 1988, Investors Asset Management™ is a fee-based Registered Investment Advisory firm located in Atlanta, Georgia. We actively manage and/or advise individual and institutional accounts and seek to meet the unique investment objectives of each client. Whether looking for a private individual Wealth Management Program, or the cost competitive, custom designed Investors CHOICE 401(k)™, our seasoned professional team is dedicated to providing comprehensive, integrated solutions to meet your investment needs and goals. 
 
 
 
 
 







	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer














Feedback «  Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





	 





Feedback










Name (required)
 
Phone
 
Email (required)
 
Company
 
Address
 
Number of Participants
 
Total Plan Assets
 
Select the Program(s) in which you're interested
 Wealth Management Investors Choice 401(k) Program 
Please provide any comments or questions:
 
11 +  = 17







	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer














Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM «  Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





Request Information
1.800.776.0726





Resources

Plan Sponsor
Plan Participant
Request Proposal



Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM
 


Investors Choice 401(k)™ is a total turnkey program designed for corporate retirement plans.  Increasing governmental rules and regulations have intensified the scrutiny placed on companies in their oversight responsibilities.  Recent court cases have placed the burden on Plan Sponsors to have an updated Investment Policy Statement, be aware of and understand the plan fees and expenses and know the plan’s performance. 
Investors Choice 401(k)™ program highlights are:

Investors Asset Management™ acts as plan fiduciary for investment selection and asset allocation
 Investors Asset Management™ will review and/or implement investment policy statement
All fees are transparent, clearly understood and very competitive
Open architecture investment platform with no proprietary products
Plan participants have choice of creating own portfolio from predetermined investment
selection or can choose among five actively managed and broadly diversified portfolio models
Quarterly automatic portfolio rebalancing
Loans permitted
Any revenue sharing fees are credited back into the plan to offset expenses
Unitized company stock plan available
Recordkeeping function performed by industry leading companies







	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer














Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM «  Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





Request Information
1.800.776.0726





Resources

Plan Sponsor
Plan Participant
Request Proposal



Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM
 


Investors Choice 401(k)™ is a total turnkey program designed for corporate retirement plans.  Increasing governmental rules and regulations have intensified the scrutiny placed on companies in their oversight responsibilities.  Recent court cases have placed the burden on Plan Sponsors to have an updated Investment Policy Statement, be aware of and understand the plan fees and expenses and know the plan’s performance. 
Investors Choice 401(k)™ program highlights are:

Investors Asset Management™ acts as plan fiduciary for investment selection and asset allocation
 Investors Asset Management™ will review and/or implement investment policy statement
All fees are transparent, clearly understood and very competitive
Open architecture investment platform with no proprietary products
Plan participants have choice of creating own portfolio from predetermined investment
selection or can choose among five actively managed and broadly diversified portfolio models
Quarterly automatic portfolio rebalancing
Loans permitted
Any revenue sharing fees are credited back into the plan to offset expenses
Unitized company stock plan available
Recordkeeping function performed by industry leading companies







	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer














About Us «  Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





Request Information
1.800.776.0726





Resources

Our Team
Contact Us



About Us

Investors Asset Management™ is a privately owned investment advisory firm. All members of the senior executive team average over 30 years of portfolio management and investment experience.Historically, our focus has been on discretionary, fee-based managed accounts for individuals, companies, pension and profit sharing plans, trust and retirement accounts. It is a highly personalized solution to individual wealth accumulation and financial management which is built on consistency in applying our value-based strategy over long periods of time. For more information on individual portfolio services, please visit Wealth Management.
Additionally, Investors CHOICE 401(k)™ is a retirement benefit program designed for Corporate 401(k) plans. This unique program provides education and guidance for companies to deal with complex and changing rules for its 401(k) retirement plan. Some questions for Plan Sponsors to consider:

Is a fiduciary guiding the trustees of your 401(k) plan?
Do you have an investment policy statement, and is it being followed?
Are the fees transparent?  Do you know how much the fees are?  Are they reasonable for the services provided?
Do the plan participants receive investment guidance?

For more information about our program, please visit Investors CHOICE 401(k)™ Program.

OUR TEAM



Atlanta Main Office




Timothy Rigby
President, CCOJane Rigby
Non-registered
Administrator


F. Scott Brumfield, Director
Investors CHOICE 401(k)™ ProgramGregory R. Waters
Vice President


Samuel J. Carlyle
Vice PresidentLance Reising
Marketing Director,
Investors CHOICE 401(k)™ Program


Mark Armentrout
Vice President



Back to top



CONTACT US
To contact Investors Asset Management™ you may call the phone numbers listed below
or reach us via mail at our main office:
Investors Asset Management™
7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road
Building 9, Suite 200
Atlanta, GA 30328
Phone: 770-394-5619 | 1-800-776-0726
Fax: 770-394-5532
Office Hours – 9:00 am – 4:00 pm
Email:info@investorsassetmanagement.com

Back to top






	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer














Wealth Management «  Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. – Atlanta Investment Advisors – 401(k) Plan specialists in Atlanta, GA




























Investors Asset ManagementTM

Home
About Us
Wealth Management
Investors CHOICE 401(k)TM





Request Information
1.800.776.0726





Resources

Client Login
Request Information



Wealth Management

♦ EXPERIENCE COUNTS ♦

The core investment philosophy for Investors Asset Management™ is growth at a reasonable price.  After analyzing a client’s goals and risk tolerance, a portfolio is then constructed using an appropriate allocation mix of stocks, bonds and cash.  Once a client relationship is established, our team of professional advisors initiates the ongoing process by:

Conducting an initial analysis to evaluate the overall situation
Preparing quarterly reviews which reflect portfolio positioning and performance
Providing periodic analysis of cash flows and retirement planning services
Permitting the client to have a direct relationship with the portfolio manager and advisor

Client privacy is paramount and our strength lies in consistency of applying our core strategy over the long term.

MISSION STATEMENT
It is the mission of Investors Asset Management™ to build long term, personal relationships with our clients while managing accounts based on time-tested investment principles. Integrity and service are of utmost importance as we build and manage wealth for our clients through all market conditions.





	©2017 Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc. | Site Design by Contourpixel | Admin: Log in

	7000 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, Building 9, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30328 | 770.394.5619

	


Investment Advisory Services offered through Investors Asset Management of Georgia, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.
Additional Disclaimer










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started
















































INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC /GA/ /ADV Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






INVESTORS ASSET MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA INC /GA/ /ADV






7000 PEACHTREE DUNWOODY RD, ATLANTA,  Georgia, 30328, (770) 394-5619


Report Date: 06/30/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
148


New Positions
1


Increased Positions
40


Decreased Positions
49


Positions with Activity
89


Sold Out Positions
5


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
149



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
5.66%


Basic Materials
4.31%


Industrials
31.73%


Consumer Cyclicals
5.93%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
9.69%


Financials
26.58%


Healthcare
7.01%


Technology
5.87%


Telecommunication Services
2.37%


Utilities
0.59%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






148 Positions as of 06/30/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



EQUIFAX INC
COM
32,844
-73
(0.22)
230,194


FIDELITY NATL INFORMATION SVCS
COM
14,192

New
155,871


WESTROCK CO
COM
3,470
-21
(0.59)
59,095


JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
COM
3,153
8
.25
34,435


HOME DEPOT INC
COM
3,030
-25
(0.82)
20,509


ALTRIA GROUP INC
COM
2,761
4
.13
37,326


PHILIP MORRIS INTL INC
COM
2,752

New
23,285


COCA COLA CO
COM
2,608
-23
(0.88)
56,544


GENERAL ELECTRIC CO
COM
2,345
-48
(1.99)
90,914


AON PLC
SHS CL A
2,098

New
15,440


BOEING CO
COM
2,076
-36
(1.71)
8,616


AT&T INC
COM
2,075
-45
(2.11)
52,664


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
1,879

New
14,360


PFIZER INC
COM
1,776

(0.02)
53,821


AMERICAN SOFTWARE INC
CL A
1,593
-10
(0.61)
162,673


DOW CHEM CO
COM
1,549
-7
(0.43)
23,434


MERCK & CO INC
COM
1,525
-60
(3.76)
23,948


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
1,469
-15
(0.99)
20,075


LOCKHEED MARTIN CORP
COM
1,462
-3
(0.2)
5,075


BANK AMER CORP
COM
1,462

New
60,649




<< first< previous12345678next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































