

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Investment Counselors of Maryland | OMAM













 







Investment Counselors of Maryland

Acadian
Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss, LLC
Campbell Global
Copper Rock Capital Partners
Heitman
Investment Counselors of Maryland
Landmark Partners
Thompson, Siegel & Walmsley, LLC

Summary

    Founded in 1972, ICM focuses on value-driven equities and invests through a well-established, bottom-up investment process that it applies
    across the entire capitalization range, with an emphasis on small- and mid-cap companies.  The firm employs a team orientation in making
    investment decisions.  Each member of ICM's investment team has a sector focus, and is responsible for generating and analyzing ideas within his sector.
    The most promising investment ideas are reviewed by the entire team, and the ultimate buy/sell decisions are made by the respective portfolio
    management teams.


    ICM has been managing assets for over four decades for institutional clients and high net worth individuals through separate accounts and an
    institutional mutual fund, and has generated excellent results for its clients over this time.  ICM's management team is led by Managing Partner
    and Chief Investment Officer, William V. Heaphy.





Website

www.icomd.com

Address

        300 East Lombard Street, Suite 810
        
        Baltimore, MD 21202
    
Contact

        Phone: (410) 539-3838
        Fax: (410) 625-9016










×Close
You Are Leaving omam.com


                You are now leaving the omam.com web site. This link is provided as a convenience, and OMAM is not responsible for the content provided on your destination site.
            

Close
Continue















 



About Investment Counselors of Maryland (ICM), a value-oriented investment management firm
 












About Us

Mission Statement

    The mission of ICM is dedication to our clients – both through superior investment returns and exceptional client service. 
    Our employees are driven to achieve these goals through a collaborative culture and individual accountability.

Firm History

	Investment Counselors of Maryland, LLC is a registered investment advisor with the SEC and was 
    founded in 1972 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Equitable Bancorporation.  Ten years later, 
    the principal officers acquired the common stock from Equitable Bancorporation, and in 1986, 
    ICM became a wholly-owned affiliate of OMAM’s predecessor, United Asset Management.  In 
    2001 and 2005, Principals of ICM acquired a significant ownership interest in the Firm from 
    OMAM.  Today ICM enjoys investment and operational autonomy along with the best practices 
    assistance and backing of a global financial services organization.

True Competitive Advantage

    ICM’s highly experienced, focused team, with ownership interest, aligns interests with our investors and offers:


An unwavering focus on small to mid-cap value
A boutique operator backed by the resources of a global financial institution
A collaborative and nimble investment team that allows for an efficient, repeatable process.



Assets Under Management: $1,980 MM As of 06/30/2017

Asset Distribution by Asset Type
As of 06/30/2017


Small Cap Value 95%
Large Cap Value 4%
SMID & Mid-Cap Value 1%



Asset Distribution by Client Type
As of 06/30/2017


Public 44%
Institutional Mutual Fund 36%
Union-Taft/Hartley 11%
Corporate 5%
Individual 3%
Endowment/Foundation 1%









 



Investment Counselors of Maryland (ICM) investment professionals and portfolio management teams
 












ICM Professionals


    ICM’s investment team is truly a team. We believe the experience, depth and breadth of the group is second to none 
    in the industry. While each member has a sector focus, ideas are presented to the entire team and members are expected 
    and held accountable for their feedback and contributions. This, combined with the majority of the team having an 
    ownership interest, provides clients with comfort knowing that experience is combined with aligned interests.


    Today, six principals own a substantial equity stake in the firm. We believe this equity interest lends 
    stability and provides the framework for longevity.


    Our clients' investment results are directly dependent on the ability and long-standing experience of our 
    investment professionals. On average, ICM’s investment team has over 20 years of industry experience. 




DAVID J. BRENIA
Analyst


GREG J. CZARNECKI
Head of Client Service & Marketing


JESSE L. FINK, CFA
Analyst




MATTHEW E. FLEMING, CFA
Principal


ANDREW L. GILCHRIST
Principal


WILLIAM  V. HEAPHY, CFA
Managing Principal




DONALD J. HOELTING, CFA
Principal


GARY J. MERWITZ
Principal


CRAIG A. MILLER, CFA
Head of Trading




JOSHUA S. OVERHOLT
Principal


DEBORAH  PARKS
Chief Compliance Officer


JAMES  F. SHURTLEFF, CFA
Analyst





Close
David J. Brenia

Analyst
            14 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Financials
        
Mr. Brenia joined ICM in 2014 as a member of the Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams. Prior to joining ICM Dave was a co-portfolio manager and research analyst at Placera Capital Management responsible for the Financial Services sector.  From 2003 - 2012, he held the same role at Turner Investments for their small and mid-cap value strategies.  From 1996 to 2001, Dave was a Lieutenant and Assistant Operations Officer in the United States Navy.  Dave graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland in 1996 and earned his MBA in Finance from the University of Tulsa in 2003.




Close
Greg J. Czarnecki

Head of Client Service & Marketing
            11 years in industry
        
Mr. Czarnecki joined ICM in 2016 as Senior Vice President and leads the Firm's institutional investor relations and business development efforts. Prior to joining ICM, Greg worked as a Director of Investor Relations for Concordia Advisors, now Mariner Investment Group, a relative value multi strategy hedge fund. Greg began his career as a Senior Associate at Acadian Asset Management, an OMAM affiliate focused on active quantitative equity strategies. Mr. Czarnecki earned his B.A. in Economics from Boston University and his MBA from the University of Toronto Rotman School of Management.




Close
Jesse L. Fink, CFA

Analyst
            7 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Generalist
        
Mr. Fink joined ICM in 2016 as a member of the Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams. Prior to joining ICM, he was an analyst with the investment team of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) from 2012 - 2014. Prior to that, he worked as an investment banking analyst with FBR &amp Co. from 2010 - 2012. Jesse earned a B.S. in Finance from the University of Maryland in 2009 and an M.B.A. from the Darden School of Business in 2016. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. 




Close
Matthew E. Fleming, CFA

Principal
            21 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Energy, Utilities, Producer Durables
        
Mr. Fleming joined ICM in 2008 as a member of the Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams.  Prior to joining ICM, Matt was a Senior Research Analyst at PNC Capital Advisors/Mercantile Capital Advisors from 2004 - 2008.  Prior to that, he worked at GB Asset Advisors, LLC, a Boston-based merchant bank, Triumph Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania-based aerospace company, and in Baltimore and London for BT Alex Brown/Deutsche Bank AG.  Matt earned his B.A. in History from Princeton University in 1996. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.




Close
Andrew L. Gilchrist

Principal
            41 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Quantitative Analyst
        
Mr. Gilchrist joined ICM in 1996 as Director of Investment Technology.  Prior to joining ICM, Drew served as Director of Investment Technology at Mercantile-Safe Deposit & Trust Company for 18 years.  For two years before that, he was with Merrill Lynch.  Drew graduated with honors in Economics from the University of Maryland and earned a masters degree from The Johns Hopkins University.  He is a member of the Society of Quantitative Analysts and is a member of the Board of the SPCA.




Close
William  V. Heaphy, CFA

Managing Principal
            23 years in industry
                Sector coverage: REITs
        
Mr. Heaphy joined ICM in 1994 as a security analyst in the equity research department, and joined the Small Cap Value team in 1999. Today, he serves the Firm as a member of the Management Committee and the Chief Investment Officer of the ICM Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams. Prior to joining ICM, Bill was an associate in the Baltimore law firm of Ober, Kaler, Grimes and Shriver, and before that, a staff auditor with Price Waterhouse. Bill earned his J.D. from the University of Maryland School of Law and his B.S. from Lehigh University. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.




Close
Donald J. Hoelting, CFA

Principal
            34 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Generalist
        
Mr. Hoelting joined ICM in June of 2000 as a senior investment professional.  He currently serves the Firm as a Principal, a member of the Management Committee, and the lead Portfolio Manager for the Large Cap Value equity team.  Before joining ICM, Don was the lead portfolio manager responsible for the value product at Minneapolis-based Investment Advisers, Inc.  Prior to that, he was the Chief Investment Officer of Jefferson National Bank’s Trust & Investment Group in Charlottesville, VA.  Don earned his B.A. in Business from Nebraska Wesleyan University.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.




Close
Gary J. Merwitz

Principal
            21 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Consumer Discretionary, Consumer Staples
        
Mr. Merwitz joined ICM in 2004 as a member of the Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams. Today he serves the Firm as a member of the Management Committee and as the Director of Research.  Prior to joining ICM, he worked at Morgan Stanley as a small cap strategist from 2001-2004 and an educational services analyst from 1999 - 2001.  Gary earned his B.S. degree in accounting at the University of Maryland in 1992, and an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke in 1999.




Close
Craig A. Miller, CFA

Head of Trading
            20 years in industry
        

Mr. Miller joined ICM in 2013 as the Head of Trading.  Prior to joining the Firm, Craig worked as a senior position trader at Stifel Nicolaus, formerly Legg Mason Capital Markets, focused primarily on the Health Care and Technology sectors.  Craig earned his B.S. in Finance from Towson University in 1997.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.  





Close
Joshua S. Overholt

Principal
            14 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Technology, Materials & Processing
        
Mr. Overholt joined ICM in 2007 as a member of the Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams.  Prior to joining ICM he was an equity analyst at FAF Advisors, First American Funds where he covered the technology sector for both the large/mid and small cap teams, from 2004 - 2007.  Prior to that, Josh worked at Strong Capital Management as a technology analyst from 2002 - 2004 and as an Advanced Business Services Analyst for Electronic Data Systems (EDS) from 1998 - 2002.  Josh earned a B.A. in Finance/Accounting from Cedarville University in 1998 and an M.B.A. from Indiana University Bloomington in 2015.




Close
Deborah  Parks

Chief Compliance Officer
            28 years in industry
        
Ms. Parks joined ICM in 2011 and serves the Firm as the Chief Compliance Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration. Prior to joining the Firm, Debbie worked as an Accounting Manager at Brown Advisory. She began her career in 1989 as an accountant at Alex. Brown & Sons, followed by the position of Controller at Alex. Brown Investment Management for over nine years. Debbie earned her B.S. in Accounting from Towson University and holds the FINRA Series 6, 26 and 63 licenses.




Close
James  F. Shurtleff, CFA

Analyst
            20 years in industry
                Sector coverage: Health Care
        
Mr. Shurtleff joined ICM in 2011 as a member of the Small-to-Mid Cap Value equity teams. Prior to joining ICM he was an equity analyst at Stifel Nicolaus, formerly Legg Mason Capital Markets prior to 12/1/05, covering the health care services sector from 2004 — 2011.  Prior to that, he was a senior health care consultant at Navigant Consulting, the Center for Health Policy Studies, and PricewaterhouseCoopers.  James earned his B.B.A. in finance from the University of Massachusetts in 1994 and his M.H.S. in Health Finance and Management from Johns Hopkins University in 1998.  He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.








 



Contact Investment Counselors of Maryland, LLC (ICM)
 












Contact Us


		If you would like further information, or have comments and questions about our site, please use the contact form below.
	
Fields with an asterisk (*) are required.
Name:* 
Phone: 
Email:* 
Comments:*
 
SUBMIT

Map and Directions

From BWI Airport

Follow signs to the AIRPORT EXIT.
Take I-195 West.
Follow signs to 295 North.
Turn right onto W Pratt St.
Turn left onto S Gay St.
Take the first left onto E Lombard St.
Our Building will be on your right, 300 East Lombard Street, Suite 810.

From Washington Area

Take 295 North towards Baltimore.
Turn right onto W Pratt St.
Turn left onto S Gay St.
Take the first left onto E Lombard St.
Our Building will be on your right, 300 East Lombard Street, Suite 810.

From Points North of Baltimore

Take I95 towards Baltimore.
Take I-395 exit to Inner Harbor.
Turn right onto W Pratt St.
Turn left onto S Gay St.
Take the first left onto E Lombard St.
Our Building will be on your right, 300 East Lombard Street, Suite 810.

Routes from I-83

Take I83 towards Baltimore.
Continue onto N President St.
Turn right onto E Lombard St.
Our Building will be on your right, 300 East Lombard Street, Suite 810.



Contact Information


Investment Counselorsof Maryland, LLC

300 East Lombard Street, Suite 810
                Baltimore, MD 21202
             
	
                410.539.3838
            


                For more information about our                 Investment Strategies, please direct your inquiry to:              Greg J. Czarnecki Senior Vice President, Client Service & Marketing
            










Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


































investment counselors of maryland llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Investment Counselors of Maryland, LLC operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company manages equities and fixed income portfolios for institutional and individual investors. Investment Counselors of Maryland serves clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

300 East Lombard Street
Suite 810
Baltimore, MD 21202
United States


Phone:
1-410-539-3838


Fax:
1-410-625-9016


Web url:
www.icomd.com























From The Web











Key Executives


William V Heaphy "Bill"


CIO:Small To MID Cap/Mng Principal




Gary J Merwitz


Principal/Dir:Research




Donald J Hoelting "Don"


Principal/Lead Portfolio Manager




Matthew E Fleming "Matt"


Principal




Joshua S Overholt "Josh"


Principal




Andrew Gilchrist "Drew"


Principal




Craig A Miller


Senior VP/Head:Trading




Greg J Czarnecki


Sr VP/Head:Client Svcs & Mktg




Deborah Parks "Debbie"


Sr VP/Chief Compliance Ofcr




David J Brenia "Dave"


VP/Analyst




James F Shurtleff


VP/Analyst



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































 



Value equity investment strategies from Investment Counselors of Maryland (ICM)
 












Investment Strategies


At ICM, we believe that over the long-term, domestic small cap and mid cap stocks will outperform the overall domestic equity market.  Furthermore, we believe that a focus on companies trading at attractive valuations will produce superior absolute and risk adjusted returns.  


We offer institutional clients value investment solutions across the market capitalization spectrum.  Although the size of the companies may change, the focus on uncovering value remains consistent in all strategies.



    The information provided on this web site is for information purposes only and should not
    be construed as investment advice or a determination that a particular product or
    service is suitable for any individual. This information should not be relied upon
    in making an investment decision and any decisions based on information contained
    in Investment Counselors of Maryland, LLC's site are the sole responsibility of the
    visitor. The presentation on this web site does not purport to be a complete description
    of Investment Counselors of Maryland, LLC's investment services. For the most current
    publicly filed information, please reference  public filings with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission (SEC) at http://www.sec.gov.




Our Strategies


Small Cap Value Equity
SMID Cap Value Equity 
Mid-Cap Value Equity
Large Cap Value Equity



Document Archive









﻿






























Reviewing AptarGroup (NYSE:ATR) & Myers Industries (MYE) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for AptarGroup Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AptarGroup Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Mesoblast Limited (MESO) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows
Sanford C. Bernstein Reaffirms Hold Rating for Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Liberty Global PLC (LILA) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.22
Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.19
CBRE Clarion Global Real Estate Incm Fd (IGR) Receives News Impact Score of 0.28
Loxo Oncology (LOXO) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.26
Kingstone Companies (KINS) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.23
JPMorgan China Region Fund (JFC) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.12
Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.42
Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Trivago N.V. ADS (NASDAQ:TRVG) to Post $0.01 EPS
Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Announces $0.26 Quarterly Dividend
Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Accern Reports
Tesco Corporation (TESO) vs. CIRCOR International (CIR) Head to Head Survey
Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBMT) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.09 Per Share
Financial Comparison: News Corporation (NASDAQ:NWSA) and Grupo Televisa (TV)
Reviewing AptarGroup (NYSE:ATR) & Myers Industries (MYE)
Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Penske Automotive Group (NYSE:PAG) Share Price
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Douglas Emmett, Inc. Lifted by KeyCorp (DEI)
Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Halcon Resources Corporation (HK)
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) Shares Sold by West Oak Capital LLC







Reviewing AptarGroup (NYSE:ATR) & Myers Industries (MYE)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




AptarGroup (NYSE: ATR) and Myers Industries (NYSE:MYE) are both industrial products companies, but which is the superior investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their valuation, earnings, profitabiliy, dividends, risk, analyst recommendations and institutional ownership. 
Profitability


 Get AptarGroup Inc. alerts:



This table compares AptarGroup and Myers Industries’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


AptarGroup
9.09%
16.58%
7.86%


Myers Industries
1.38%
11.57%
2.85%







Institutional & Insider Ownership
90.2% of AptarGroup shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively, 84.5% of Myers Industries shares are held by institutional investors. 5.3% of AptarGroup shares are held by company insiders. Comparatively, 0.8% of Myers Industries shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, hedge funds and endowments believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.
Dividends
AptarGroup pays an annual dividend of $1.28 per share and has a dividend yield of 1.4%. Myers Industries pays an annual dividend of $0.54 per share and has a dividend yield of 2.9%. AptarGroup pays out 38.7% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Myers Industries pays out 225.0% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. AptarGroup has increased its dividend for 4 consecutive years and Myers Industries has increased its dividend for 7 consecutive years. Myers Industries is clearly the better dividend stock, given its higher yield and longer track record of dividend growth.
Valuation & Earnings
This table compares AptarGroup and Myers Industries’ gross revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


AptarGroup
$2.35 billion
2.38
$475.05 million
$3.31
27.03


Myers Industries
$548.56 million
1.01
$57.90 million
$0.24
76.46


AptarGroup has higher revenue and earnings than Myers Industries. AptarGroup is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Myers Industries, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Risk & Volatility
AptarGroup has a beta of 0.98, indicating that its stock price is 2% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Myers Industries has a beta of 1.77, indicating that its stock price is 77% more volatile than the S&P 500. 
Analyst Recommendations
This is a summary of current recommendations and price targets for AptarGroup and Myers Industries, as provided by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


AptarGroup
3
4
1
0
1.75


Myers Industries
1
0
1
0
2.00


AptarGroup currently has a consensus target price of $82.60, suggesting a potential downside of 7.67%. Myers Industries has a consensus target price of $13.00, suggesting a potential downside of 29.16%. Given AptarGroup’s  higher possible upside, analysts plainly believe AptarGroup is more favorable than Myers Industries.
Summary
AptarGroup beats Myers Industries on 11 of the 16 factors compared between the two stocks.
AptarGroup Company Profile
AptarGroup, Inc. is a provider of a range of packaging, dispensing and sealing solutions, primarily for the beauty, personal care, homecare, prescription drug, consumer healthcare, injectables, food and beverage markets. The Company has manufacturing facilities located throughout the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and South America. The Company operates through three segments: Beauty + Home, Pharma and Food + Beverage. It offers various dispensing and sealing solutions. Its primary products are dispensing pumps, closures, aerosol valves and elastomeric primary packaging components. Its elastomeric components also include pre filled syringe components, such as plungers, needle shields, tip caps and cartridges, as well as dropper bulbs and syringe plungers. Its Beauty + Home segment primarily sells pumps, closures, aerosol valves, accessories and sealing solutions to the personal care and home care markets, and pumps and decorative components to the beauty market.
Myers Industries Company Profile
Myers Industries, Inc. is an international manufacturing and distribution company. The Company operates through two segments: Material Handling and Distribution. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated 15 manufacturing facilities, 20 sales offices, four distribution centers and three distribution branches located throughout North, Central and South America. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 15,000 manufactured products and over 13,500 distributed products. The Material Handling segment designs, manufactures and markets a range of plastic and metal products. The Distribution Segment is engaged in the distribution of tools, equipment and supplies used for tire, wheel and under vehicle service on passenger, heavy truck and off-road vehicles, and the manufacturing of tire repair materials and custom rubber products. The product line includes categories, such as tire valves and accessories, and lifts and alignment equipment.






Receive News & Ratings for AptarGroup Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AptarGroup Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide
























































































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide




































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































