

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Middle East Private Equity & Venture Capital Investors














               Private Equity & Venture Capital from the Middle East
            



Register
                 |
                 
                
Contact Us
 
                        |
                            Tel: +1 (917) 677 2116



Home
Investors News

All Investors News
News By Type

Middle East Private Equity
Middle East Venture Capital
Middle East Family Offices
Middle East Real Estate Investors
Middle East Sovereign Wealth Funds
Middle East Hedge Funds
Angel Investors
Investment in Middle East

News By Region

Dubai Investors
Abu Dhabi Investors
Qatar Investors
Saudi Arabia Investors
Bahrain Investors
Kuwait Investors
Iranian Investors
Iraq Investors
Egypt Investors
Oman Investors

Conferences and Events
Presentations
Interviews

Investors Directory
About Us

About Us
Register
Products & Services
Announcements
Testimonials
Careers
Sponsorship
Contact Us

 

 









Featured Investments by Middle East Private Equity and Venture Capital Investors





Qatar investor acquired 10% stake in Spanish retail firm for $1.1 billion







Dubai venture capital firm Wamda Launched $75 million fund and invested in 3 firms








UAE investor Alqubaisi acquired 40% of NMC group for $1 billion







Qatar investors of ARTIC acquired two hotels in New York and Rome 








Dubai angel investors Bolurfrushan and Kenny launched a new VC firm 







California's building acquired for $27 million by Arab investors of KFIC 








Dubai venture capital firm MVI acquired stake in London startup Bidvine







Abu Dhabi investment firm acquired stake at three Hong Kong hotels for $2.4 billion






 





Private Equity Directory and Investors List - Instant Download



Who is the Investment Manager at Abu Dhabi Investment Authority? What is the email address of Real Estate Investments Director at a top Middle East investment firm? 

      As the leading provider of private investment data and analysis since 2007,
      thousands of customers have been using our Middle East
      Investors Directory achieving great results. (available as instant download)












News and Analysis on Middle East private equity, real estate & venture capital investors


We provide daily analysis and news on Middle East private equity, real estate and venture capital investors. We cover UAE private equity and venture capital, Investors from Dubai, Investors from Abu Dhabi and other
      parts of the Middle East.

      You can also check latest presentations on the activities of major Middle East private equity and investment firms in our presentations section.

      The events section of our website
      list the major investment events in the Middle East.







Register on DubaiBeat.com (Dubai private equity, ...)



      Register on DubaiBeat.com today to receive latest updates on Venture Capital and
      Private Equity in the Middle East












Middle East Investors - Latest Activities





Dubai private equity firm Abraaj acquired casual dining firm Java House for $100 million

(5 days ago - investor code in database: OR01)



Saudi investment firm SAEV acquired stake in Irish firm OxyMem
(25 days ago - investor code in database: SJL71)



Venture Capital firm Arab Angel acquired stake in California firm NuEyes
(32 days ago)




Middle East investors acquired stake in online firm Bloovo.com for $3 million
(46 days ago)



Bahrain investors acquired Nordic firm ABAX for $210 million
(54 days ago - investor code in database: OR30)



Dubai investors of GII acquired stake in Canadian firm Nymi for $15 million
(60 days ago - investor code in database: SAS21)




Dubai firm acquired 51% of fashion website Namshi for $151 million
(66 days ago)



Qatar investors of Alduwaliya acquired Birmingham One Eleven Edmund for $29 million
(87 days ago)



Gulf Capital acquired majority stake in e-commerce platform Sporter
(103 days ago - investor code in database: OR26)


















 Investors Directory 2017


»  501 Middle East Investment Firms

»  693 Contacts

»  Instant PDF/Excel Download 




About Us


 Established in 2007, DubaiBeat.com provides insight, analysis and research
      on Middle East private equity, real estate and venture capital investors.

      We cover private equity, venture capital, family offices, HNWIs and institutional investors from the Middle East and broader Gulf GCC MENA region (Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, UAE including Dubai and Abu Dhabi, etc.).

      Our Middle East Investors Directory is widely
      used as a reliable source on information about investors in the Middle East.








Subscribe




 











Middle East Private Equity
Middle East Venture Capital
Middle East Family Offices
Middle East Real Estate Investors
Sovereign Wealth Funds
Middle East Hedge Funds
Angel Investors
Investment in Middle East




UAE Investors
Dubai Investors
Abu Dhabi Investors
Saudi Investors
Kuwait Investors
Qatar Investors
Bahrain Investors
Iranian Investors
Egypt Investors
Iraq Investors
Oman Investors



Middle East Investors Directory
Chinese Investors Directory



Conferences and Events 
Register on DubaiBeat
About Us
Contact Us
Announcements
Services
Testimonials
Sponsorship






Copyright 2007-2017 DubaiBeat.com    Sitemap  |  Terms  |  Privacy Policy
Follow us: RSS Feed   Facebook
           Twitter





INVESTORS CASH TRUST - CHICAGO, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



CHICAGO



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            INVESTORS CASH TRUST
                                    



 





















I 


INVESTORS CASH TRUST
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



222 S RIVERSIDE PLZ CHICAGO, IL 60606
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Investors Cash Trust has estimated annual revenues of $130,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















  IUSXX Quote - Investors Cash Trust - Treasury Portfolio - Deutsche US Treasury Money Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Investors Cash Trust - Treasury Portfolio - Deutsche US Treasury Money Fund   IUSXX:US   NASDAQ GM        1.00USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Days to Maturity   28    Total Assets (b -) (on 07/28/2017)   1.940    Inception Date   05/18/2007    52Wk Range   0.10 - 0.91                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    52Wk Range   0.10 - 0.91    Days to Maturity   28    Total Assets (b -) (on 07/28/2017)   1.940    Inception Date   05/18/2007    Fund Managers   GEOFF GIBBS / GLENN KOENIG    Current Mgmt Fee   0.12%    Expense Ratio   0.12%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        912828XN:GOV   TF Float 07/31/17    460.00 k 460.08 m 22.23      912796LA:GOV   B 0 06/01/17    231.77 k 231.77 m 11.20      912828WP:GOV   T 0 ⅞ 06/15/17    170.03 k 170.04 m 8.21      912796LD:GOV   B 0 06/08/17    150.00 k 149.98 m 7.25      912828M2:GOV   TF Float 10/31/17    137.00 k 137.08 m 6.62      912796LK:GOV   B 0 07/13/17    111.96 k 111.86 m 5.40      912796JX:GOV   B 0 06/22/17    104.14 k 104.09 m 5.03      912828D4:GOV   T 0 ⅞ 08/15/17    100.00 k 100.01 m 4.83      912796LE:GOV   B 0 06/15/17    100.00 k 99.97 m 4.83      912796LU:GOV   B 0 09/21/17    100.00 k 99.73 m 4.82           Profile   Investors Cash Trust - Treasury Portfolio - Deutsche US Treasury Money Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA.  The Fund's objective is to provide maximum current income consistent with stability of capital.  The Fund invests exclusively in short-term U.S. Treasury securities or in repurchase agreements backed by these securities.    Address  Deustche Inv Mgmt Americas Inc210 West 10th StKansas City, MO 64105-1614   Phone  1-800-537-3177 Tel   Website   www.fundsus.deutscheawm.com              

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































Cash Management Trusts » Australian Investors Association























Sitemap | Contact Us | Login

















Home
About AIA
Events
Resources
Education
Advocacy
Blog





Investment Basics

Budget Basics

Net Worth

Psychology of Investing

Investing Goals

Risks

Power of Compounding

Investment Structures

Asset Classes

Glossary of Terms



Fixed Interest

Savings Accounts

Term Deposits

Cash Management Trusts

Interest Rate Securities

Government Bonds

Corporate Investments





Shares

Understanding Shares

Common Terms

Risks & Benefits

Shareholder Rights

Types of Shares

Franking Credits

ASX Sectors



Getting Started with Shares

Mechanics of Share Investing

Choosing a Broker

Making an Investment

Initial Public Offering ( IPO )

Corporate Actions



Fundamental Analysis

Fundamental Analysis Basics

Fundamental Investing Strategies



Technical Analysis

Technical Analysis Explained

Technical Analysis Tools



Combining Fundamental & Technical Analysis

Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)

Listed Investment Companies (LICs)

Derivatives

Warrants

Contracts for Difference (CFDs)





Property

Residential Property

Commercial Property

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Property Syndicates



Other Investments

Managed Funds

Hedge Funds



Portfolio Management

Borrowing

Borrowing Basics

Home Loans

Investment Loans

Margin Loans

Reverse Mortgages



Superannuation

What is Superannuation?

Types of Funds

Self-Managed Superannuation Funds



Estate Planning

Wills

Powers of Attorney

Testamentary Trusts








Cash Management Trusts
A Cash Management Trust account is an investment product rather than a straightforward bank account so it has a few different characteristics when compared to a cash management account or a savings account.
It is important that investors be aware of the differences so that they can make informed investment choices when they are deciding where to put their cash investment funds. 
Basically, a Cash Management Trust (CMT) is:
a managed investment where the funds of individual unit holders are pooled
the primary investment is in cash securities
the value of each unit does not change, it always remains at $1 
a relatively low risk investment product.
Compare this to a Cash Management Account (CMA).  A CMA is:
a bank account which can only be offered by a regulated banking institution
earns money market interest on cash balances
can also include access via a cheque, credit or debit card facility. 
Investors in a Cash Management Trust will have to receive a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) when they open a trust account and it is worthwhile to read the PDS carefully. Owners of a Cash Management Account should also receive a form of terms and conditions but generally do not have to be provided with a PDS.
Wherever you decide to invest your funds, some points you may want to consider are:
Return of capital – while these investments have a low risk of capital loss, repayment of capital invested in a CMT is not guaranteed.
Withdrawals – because the CMT is a trust the manager can decide to suspend withdrawals when it considers it to be in the best interest of CMT account holders.
Market risk – return on investment is directly affected by changes to the official cash rate as determined by the RBA.
Initial deposit – some CMT and CMA accounts may request that you deposit a minimum amount upon commencement, for example Macquarie Bank’s CMT requires $5,000 initial deposit.  Ordinary savings accounts typically have no or very low minimum deposit requirements.
Minimum operating balance – some accounts require a minimum amount to remain in the account at all times.
Types of Transactions – some CMT accounts may have limitations on the types of transaction that they associate with the account.  For example, some CMT accounts do not have a cheque or debit card facility.
Fees – some CMT accounts may charge management and ongoing fees.
Interest – usually calculated daily but paid monthly.   
Interest rates – CMT accounts generally offer competitive rates of interest, usually better than a savings account. Most CMA accounts offer tiered rates of return depending on account balances.
Underlying investments – the manager of the CMT generally pools the money of individual investors and this is then invested in short dated securities such as government and semi-government securities, bills of exchange, negotiable certificates of deposit, promissory notes, call deposits and other professional money market investments.  As such, it can be a convenient vehicle for the average investor to gain access to the professional money market.
Instrument risk - ensure an understanding of the instruments held by a CMT manager.
Management - consider whether the trust's management has the appropriate skills and experience to manage the investment.
It is up to you as an individual investor to decide which type of account will best suit your needs. 
Other resources
Canstar Cannex comparison table of Cash Management Trust Interest Rates.
A useful tools section at this website where you can compare different types of accounts.












Resources
Equities
Managed Funds
Property
Fixed Interest 




Facebook
Twitter



AIA is a non-profit organisation devoted to educating investors
			PO Box 1208 OXENFORD QLD 4210 | Phone 1300 555 061 | Fax 07 5573 7319
			ABN 75 052 411 999

Brisbane website design Jellygnite





Top
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer

© Copyright AIA 2012







Real Estate Financing & Business Financing



























Business & Real Estate Financing








 























        Copyright © 2016 Real Estate Financing & Business Financing. All rights reserved.     





   



Skip to content

HOME
REAL ESTATE FINANCING
BUSINESS FINANCING
BENEFITS



 





Private Financing!
No Doc Online Applications

100% Real Estate Financing
Business Financing Without a Personal Guarantee
 Get help via email and over the phone...call us any time








  Get Started
   First Name*    Last Name*    Phone*  
 Funding Needed* 

Funding Needed
$10,000
$25,000
$50,000
$100,000
$250,000
$500,000
$1,000,000+
    Email* 


   










Home




Comments are closed.





Skip to content

Earnings Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
Top Industries
Real Estate FAQs
Business FAQs
888-350-7001






















			
				
				
					Invesco - Product Detail - Unit Trusts
				
			
		





































Invesco Distributors, Inc.
 | Log in | Register | Contact us | Briefcase | US

Individual Investor








Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Financial Professional







Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Registered Investment Advisor







Institutions
*Required

 * This portion of the Invesco web site is specifically prepared for Institutional
Investors in the US. The content and investment strategies discussed may not be
suitable for and/or available to all investors. By checking the box and clicking continue, I confirm
that I am an US Institutional Investor.


Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue



Institutions







Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Defined Contribution

















Invesco




Unit Trusts


 » 
Financial Products
 » 
Unit Trusts
 » 
Product Detail





Home
Products



See how Invesco can help you think beyond average.
Learn More

Financial Products
Mutual Funds
Performance
Unit Trusts
Performance
PowerShares ETFs
Performance
Money Market and Liquidity Funds
Performance
Closed-End Funds
Performance
Separately Managed Accounts
College Savings Plan
CollegeBound 529
Performance
Retirement Plans
Individual Retirement Plans
Small Business Retirement Plans
Insights



Insights and Opportunities
  Explore compelling insights and strategies that seek to capitalize on today's market.
View now

Insights
Investments
Market & Economic
Retirement
Insights and Opportunities
Product Commentaries
Investor Blog
Why Invest in Average?: High Conviction
Newsroom
Press Releases
Product News
Invesco In The News
Events
Invesco Interactive
Resources



Invesco White Paper Series on the Active/Passive Debate
Learn More
Resources
Business Retirement Planning
Factor Investing
Active/Passive Investing
Preparing for College
Investor Education
Tax Center
Open-End Tax Guide
Closed-End Tax Guide
Glossary of Terms
Tools
Multiple Fund Comparison
Interactive Charts
PowerShares ETF Tools
Investment Calculators
College Planning
Retirement Calculators
Investment Objectives
Diversification
Income
Literature





Blog
Be the first to get Invesco's views on the topics that matter most.
Learn More
Literature
Recently Added
Most Popular
Mutual Funds
PowerShares ETFs
Unit Trusts
Separately Managed Accounts
College Savings
Retirement Planning
General Literature
Programs
Forms
General
College Savings
Retirement
Account access



Download our iPad App
Invesco's free app for iPad® gives you the information you need on the go. Visit the App StoreSM and search for “Invesco US.”
Learn More
Accounts & Services
Account Access
Tax Center
Open-End Tax Guide
Closed-End Tax Guide
Service Center
Proxy Voting
Retirement Plan Manager
Retirement Plan Manager Access
CollegeBound 529
Managing Your Account
Contact Us
CollegeBound 529 Account Access
About



Learn more about Invesco and our "investors first" approach.
Learn More
Who We Are
Contact Us
Careers
Stay Connected with Invesco
Why the Mountain
Awards


































 




 
 
 
 




Added to Briefcase



Removed









UIT 

AllAll
Mutual FundsMF
Unit TrustsUIT
Exchange-Traded FundsETF
Money Market and Liquidity FundsMML
Closed-end FundsCE
CollegeBound 529CB529










Investors' Quality Tax-Exempt Trust (QUAL0111)
	
	




The information shown relates to a trust that is no longer offered for sale. This information does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy units of the trust.
Objective
		  	
		
		You can help build a better America with an investment in municipal bonds (bonds issued by municipalities to finance projects such as schools, roads and hospitals). Through one convenient investment in a unit investment trust, you can own a defined, diversified basket of municipal bonds.Take advantage of Federal tax-exempt investments through a convenient and efficient way of purchasing a professionally selected and diversified portfolio of quality municipal bonds. The trust is a long-term portfolio1 that offers tax-exempt federal income with the potential for higher yield than a portfolio holding insured municipal bonds. The bonds in the portfolio are generally not insured, and are rated A- by Standard & Poor's or A3 by Moody's or higher as of the deposit date.




National Series-Investors' Quality Tax-Exempt Trust invests in a portfolio of tax-exempt municipal bonds. The trust seeks to provide federal tax-exempt income2 and to preserve capital.1 Due to the nature of municipal bonds, there is a risk that a bond may be called before maturity, potentially below the par value of the bond, and investors may be unable to reinvest their principal at the same rate of return.2 A portion of your interest income may be subject to state or local taxes.

 Read more





as of 07/28/2017
Estimated Distribution Information



Monthly CUSIP
46172C629




						Est. Current Return1
						Est. Long-Term Return1
						Est. Annual Income3


						0.00% 
						0.00% 
					$26.66
					



						Accrued Interest
						Est. Daily Rate of Accrual4


						$1.63000 
						$0.07405
					



					Beginning Interest Date
						Est. Current Return as of Deposit Date1
						Initial Distribution
						Est. Normal Distribution (monthly)
						Initial Record Date
						Initial Payable Date
				

						May 29, 2009
						4.86% 
						$5.50000
						$2.22167 
						Jul 10, 2009 
						Jul 25, 2009
					



Normal record dates and payable dates are the 10th and 25th calendar days monthly.




Fee Based CUSIP
46172C637




						Est. Current Return1
						Est. Long-Term Return1
						Est. Annual Income3


						0.00% 
						0.00% 
					$26.66
					



						Accrued Interest
						Est. Daily Rate of Accrual4


						$1.63000 
						$0.07405
					



					Beginning Interest Date
						Est. Current Return as of Deposit Date1
						Initial Distribution
						Est. Normal Distribution (monthly)
						Initial Record Date
						Initial Payable Date
				

						May 29, 2009
						4.86% 
						$5.50000
						$2.22167 
						Jul 10, 2009 
						Jul 25, 2009
					



Normal record dates and payable dates are the 10th and 25th calendar days monthly.



as of 07/28/2017
State Breakdown





 
State
Percentage (%)





Florida
32



California
22



New Hampshire
15



Pennsylvania
12



Illinois
10



Arizona
6



Washington
2



Nevada
1







1Estimated current return (ECR) is based on the estimated annual income as a percentage of the current price of the units. Estimated long-term return (ELTR) is calculated using a formula which (1) takes into consideration and determines and factors in the relative weightings of the market values, yields (which takes into account the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts) and estimated retirement of all the bonds in the trust and (2) takes into account the expenses and sales charge associated with each trust unit. There can be no assurance that either the estimated current return or ELTR will be realized in the future and an investor's units, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
2The ELTR life represents the estimated life of the bonds in a Trust's portfolio determined for the purposes of calculating Estimated Long-Term Return.
3Estimated Annual Income Per Unit is as of close the most recent business day and is based on the estimated cash flows per unit. This amount will vary with changes in expenses, interest rates and the maturity, call or sale of bonds.
4Estimated Daily Rate of Accrual represents the annual interest from the securities within the portfolio divided by the number of days on which interest is calculated annually.
5Represents the principal amount of the underlying bonds per unit. Bonds may be sold to meet redemptions, to pay expenses, and in other limited circumstances. The sale of bonds will affect the principal amount of bonds included in the trust and as a result the principal amount of bonds per unit. There can be no assurance that a unitholder will receive this par value per unit in the future.


For Fixed-Income trusts, "S.F." indicates a sinking fund is established with respect to an issue of bonds.The trust portfolio is provided for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell the individual securities shown above.



 Important Information About Benchmarks





About risk



There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged and its portfolio is not intended to change during the trust's life except in limited circumstances. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this trust.
An investment in a trust should be made with an understanding of the risks associated therewith, such as the inability of the issuer or an insurer to pay the principal of or interest on a bond when due, volatile interest rates, early call provisions and changes to the tax status of the bonds. Investments in a trust may be subject to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, the value of the bonds in a trust may decline and if interest rates decline the value of the bonds may increase. Also, the longer the period to maturity, the greater the sensitivity to interest rate changes tends to be.Invesco and its representatives do not provide tax advice. Individuals should consult their personal tax advisors before making any tax-related investment decisions.







as of 07/28/2017

Holdings
Initial Deposit








 Hide table detail rows





Bonds 
Coupon Rate(%) 
Maturity 
S&P/MoodyRatings1
Weighting(%)




Arizona Health Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Banner Health, Series D
5.500
01/01/2038
AA-/NR
5.99



Current Par: 500000 Original Par: 525000 Redemption Feature: 01/01/2018 @ 100.0 | 01/01/2033 @ 100.0 S.F.



California Health Facilities Financing Authority Revenue Bonds, Adventist Health System/West, Series A
5.750
09/01/2039
A/NR
11.23



Current Par: 870000 Original Par: 1000000 Redemption Feature: 09/01/2019 @ 100.0 | 09/01/2038 @ 100.0 S.F.



California Health Facilities Financing Authority Revenue Bonds, Catholic Healthcare West, Series A
6.000
07/01/2039
NR/A3
2.45



Current Par: 190000 Original Par: 250000 Redemption Feature: 07/01/2019 @ 100.0 | 07/01/2036 @ 100.0 S.F.



California, Municipal Improvement Corporation of Los Angeles Lease Revenue Bonds, Real Property, Series B
5.000
09/01/2038
AA-/Aa3
8.10



Current Par: 660000 Original Par: 790000 Redemption Feature: 09/01/2018 @ 100.0 | 09/01/2031 @ 100.0 S.F.



Florida Keys Aqueduct Authority, Water Revenue Bonds (National Guarantee Insured)
5.000
09/01/2037
A+/Aa3
1.06



Current Par: 90000 Original Par: 1250000 Redemption Feature: 09/01/2017 @ 100.0 | 09/01/2033 @ 100.0 S.F.



Florida, Clearwater Water and Sewer Revenue Bonds, Series A
5.250
12/01/2039
AA/Aa2
19.03



Current Par: 1475000 Original Par: 2000000 Redemption Feature: 12/01/2019 @ 100.0 | 12/01/2033 @ 100.0 S.F.



Florida, Orange County Educational Facilities Authority, Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Rollins College Project
5.250
12/01/2032
NR/A2
11.92



Current Par: 1000000 Original Par: 1000000 Redemption Feature: 12/01/2017 @ 100.0 | 12/01/2028 @ 100.0 S.F.



Illinois Finance Authority Revenue Bonds, the Art Institute of Chicago, Series A
6.000
03/01/2038
AA-/A1
6.34



Current Par: 500000 Original Par: 500000 Redemption Feature: 03/01/2019 @ 100.0



Illinois Finance Authority, Hospital Revenue Refunding Bonds, Kishhealth System Obligated Group
5.750
10/01/2035
NR/NR
4.16



Current Par: 335000 Original Par: 335000 Redemption Feature: 10/01/2018 @ 100.0 | 10/01/2029 @ 100.0 S.F.



Nevada, Reno Hospital Revenue Bonds, Washoe Medical Center Project, Series 2004a (AMBAC Assurance Insured)
5.500
06/01/2028
NR/A2
0.79



Current Par: 65000 Original Par: 100000 Redemption Feature: 06/01/2018 @ 100.0 | 06/01/2024 @ 100.0 S.F.



New Hampshire Health and Education Facilities Authority, Healthcare System Revenue Bonds, Covenant Health Systems Obligated Group Issue, Series A
5.000
07/01/2037
BBB+/NR
0.12



Current Par: 10000 Original Par: 100000 Redemption Feature: 07/01/2018 @ 100.0 | 07/01/2032 @ 100.0 S.F.



New Hampshire Health and Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Southern New Hampshire Medical Center Issue, Series A
5.000
10/01/2037
A-/NR
3.43



Current Par: 290000 Original Par: 290000 Redemption Feature: 10/01/2017 @ 100.0 | 10/01/2033 @ 100.0 S.F.



New Hampshire Health and Educational Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds, Southern New Hampshire Medical Center Issue, Series A
5.000
10/01/2037
NR/NR
11.36



Current Par: 960000 Original Par: 960000 Redemption Feature: 10/01/2017 @ 100.0 | 10/01/2033 @ 100.0 S.F.



Pennsylvania, Philadelphia Water and Wastewater Revenue Bonds, Series A
5.250
01/01/2033
A+/A1
12.15



Current Par: 975000 Original Par: 1000000 Redemption Feature: 01/01/2019 @ 100.0



Washington, City of Dupont Certificates of Participation, Civic Center Project
5.750
01/01/2025
AA+/NR
1.88



Current Par: 150000 Original Par: 150000 Redemption Feature: 01/01/2019 @ 100.0 | 01/01/2024 @ 100.0 S.F.





* Par and Prices are in local currency

1The S&P and Moody's ratings apply to the bonds held by the trust, and not the trust itself.   A Standard & Poor's credit rating is a current opinion of the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific debt obligation. This opinion of creditworthiness may take into consideration the creditworthiness of guarantors, insurers or other forms of credit enhancement on the obligation.  Moody's municipal ratings are opinions of the investment quality of the issues and issues in the US municipal and tax-exempt markets. As such, these ratings incorporate Moody's assessment of the default probability and loss severity of these issuers and issues.


1Estimated current return (ECR) is based on the estimated annual income as a percentage of the current price of the units. Estimated long-term return (ELTR) is calculated using a formula which (1) takes into consideration and determines and factors in the relative weightings of the market values, yields (which takes into account the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts) and estimated retirement of all the bonds in the trust and (2) takes into account the expenses and sales charge associated with each trust unit. There can be no assurance that either the estimated current return or ELTR will be realized in the future and an investor's units, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
2The ELTR life represents the estimated life of the bonds in a Trust's portfolio determined for the purposes of calculating Estimated Long-Term Return.
3Estimated Annual Income Per Unit is as of close the most recent business day and is based on the estimated cash flows per unit. This amount will vary with changes in expenses, interest rates and the maturity, call or sale of bonds.
4Estimated Daily Rate of Accrual represents the annual interest from the securities within the portfolio divided by the number of days on which interest is calculated annually.
5Represents the principal amount of the underlying bonds per unit. Bonds may be sold to meet redemptions, to pay expenses, and in other limited circumstances. The sale of bonds will affect the principal amount of bonds included in the trust and as a result the principal amount of bonds per unit. There can be no assurance that a unitholder will receive this par value per unit in the future.


For Fixed-Income trusts, "S.F." indicates a sinking fund is established with respect to an issue of bonds.The trust portfolio is provided for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell the individual securities shown above.



 Important Information About Benchmarks





About risk



There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged and its portfolio is not intended to change during the trust's life except in limited circumstances. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this trust.
An investment in a trust should be made with an understanding of the risks associated therewith, such as the inability of the issuer or an insurer to pay the principal of or interest on a bond when due, volatile interest rates, early call provisions and changes to the tax status of the bonds. Investments in a trust may be subject to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, the value of the bonds in a trust may decline and if interest rates decline the value of the bonds may increase. Also, the longer the period to maturity, the greater the sensitivity to interest rate changes tends to be.Invesco and its representatives do not provide tax advice. Individuals should consult their personal tax advisors before making any tax-related investment decisions.







Historical Pricing



					From    
					to  
Apply




Chart
Table


 Excel Download






Distributions



					From   
					to 
Apply






LIQUIDATION PRICE  Represents the value per unit that a unitholder would receive if the unitholder redeemed or sold units. This price is equal to the net asset value per unit plus any remaining organization costs and creation and development fee. This price reflects any remaining deferred sales charges payable in connection with a liquidation of units.
OFFER PRICE Represents the net asset value per unit plus any applicable organization costs and sales charges. This is the regular public offering price per unit paid to purchase units. This price is often subject to certain sales charge discounts described in a trust prospectus.
NET ASSET VALUE (NAV) Represents the value per unit of a trust's portfolio securities and other assets reduced by trust expenses and other liabilities, including remaining organization costs, deferred sales charges and creation and the development fee.This page contains historical pricing or historical income distributions information for the unit trust listed above. It should not be used for federal or state tax purposes. Please contact your financial advisor for tax information.This information does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any state, or other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer. A trust that contains a state name in the trust name is generally available for sale only to investors in that state. The information shown may relate to a trust that is no longer offered to the public. In such a case, this information does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy units of the trust. 





1Estimated current return (ECR) is based on the estimated annual income as a percentage of the current price of the units. Estimated long-term return (ELTR) is calculated using a formula which (1) takes into consideration and determines and factors in the relative weightings of the market values, yields (which takes into account the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts) and estimated retirement of all the bonds in the trust and (2) takes into account the expenses and sales charge associated with each trust unit. There can be no assurance that either the estimated current return or ELTR will be realized in the future and an investor's units, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
2The ELTR life represents the estimated life of the bonds in a Trust's portfolio determined for the purposes of calculating Estimated Long-Term Return.
3Estimated Annual Income Per Unit is as of close the most recent business day and is based on the estimated cash flows per unit. This amount will vary with changes in expenses, interest rates and the maturity, call or sale of bonds.
4Estimated Daily Rate of Accrual represents the annual interest from the securities within the portfolio divided by the number of days on which interest is calculated annually.
5Represents the principal amount of the underlying bonds per unit. Bonds may be sold to meet redemptions, to pay expenses, and in other limited circumstances. The sale of bonds will affect the principal amount of bonds included in the trust and as a result the principal amount of bonds per unit. There can be no assurance that a unitholder will receive this par value per unit in the future.


 Important Information About Benchmarks





About risk



There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged and its portfolio is not intended to change during the trust's life except in limited circumstances. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this trust.
An investment in a trust should be made with an understanding of the risks associated therewith, such as the inability of the issuer or an insurer to pay the principal of or interest on a bond when due, volatile interest rates, early call provisions and changes to the tax status of the bonds. Investments in a trust may be subject to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, the value of the bonds in a trust may decline and if interest rates decline the value of the bonds may increase. Also, the longer the period to maturity, the greater the sensitivity to interest rate changes tends to be.Invesco and its representatives do not provide tax advice. Individuals should consult their personal tax advisors before making any tax-related investment decisions.







as of 07/28/2017
Cumulative Return (%)


				Maximum Sales Charge: —
			









YTD (%)
Since Deposit	(%)
3 Mo (%)
6 Mo (%)




With Sales Charge
—
37.62
—
—


Without Sales Charge
1.37
44.70
0.25
0.99




as of 07/28/2017
Average Annual Return (%)





1 Yr (%)
5 Yr (%)
10 Yr (%)
Since Deposit (%)




With Sales Charge
—
2.46
—
3.98
							


Without Sales Charge
0.83
2.97
—
4.62
							








Dow Jones Industrial Average The Dow Jones Industrial AverageSM(DJIASM) is an unmanaged index generally representative of the U.S. stock market. This index consists of a price-weighted average of 30 blue-chip stocks that are generally the leaders in their industry.  Indices are statistical composites and their returns do not include payment of any sales charges or fees an investor would pay to purchase the securities they represent. Such costs would lower performance. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.   MSCI EAFE IndexThe Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe, Australasia, and Far East Index ("MSCI EAFESM") is an unmanaged index generally representative of major overseas stock markets. The MSCI EAFESM Index is the exclusive property of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. and has been licensed for use by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and certain trusts. MSCI is a service mark of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. The trust is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (collectively,"MS"). Neither MS nor any other party makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the trusts or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in unit investment trusts generally or in the trust particularly or the ability of the MSCI EAFESM Index to track general stock market performance.  NASDAQ 100 Index NASDAQ 100 index represents 100 of the largest non-financial, domestic and international companies traded on the NASAQ Stock Market, Inc. based on market capitalization.   S&P 500 Index The Standard & Poor's 500 Index is an unmanaged index generally representative of the U.S. stock market.  Russell 2000 Index The Russell 2000 Index is an unmanaged index generally representative of the U.S. market for small-capitalization stocks. Frank Russell Company ("FCR") is the source and owner of the data contained or reflected in this material and all trademarks and copyrights related thereto. The material may contain confidential information and unauthorized use, disclosure, copying, dissemination or redistribution is strictly prohibited. This is a user presentation of the data. Frank Russell Company is not responsible for the formatting or configuration of this material or for any inaccuracy in presentation thereof.  S&P MidCap Index  The Standard & Poor's MidCap 400, introduced in 1991, is now the most widely used index for mid-sized companies. S&P MidCap 400 covers approximately 7 percent of the U.S. equities market.  DJ Select Dividend Index The Dow Jones Select Dividend Index seeks to represent the top 100 U.S. stocks by dividend yield. The Index is derived from the Dow Jones U.S. Total Market Index and generally consists of 100 dividend paying stocks that have: 5-year non-negative Dividend Growth; 5-year Dividend Payout Ratio of 60% or less; and 3-month average daily trading volume of at least 200,000 shares. The Dow Jones Select Dividend IndexSM is a service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and has been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones Select Dividend IndexSM, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.   DJ Consumer Goods Index The Dow Jones U.S. Consumer Goods Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Consumer Goods Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.   DJ Financial Index The Dow Jones U.S. Financials Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Financials Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Healthcare IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Health Care Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Health Care Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Industrials IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Industrials Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Industrials Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Materials IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Basic Materials Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Basic Materials Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Oil & Gas IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Oil & Gas Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Oil & Gas Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Technology Index  The Dow Jones U.S. Technology Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.   DJ Telecom IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Telecommunications Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Telecommunications Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Utility IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Utilities Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Utilities Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Total Market IndexDow Jones U.S. Total Market Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Total Market Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  MS Technology IndexThe Morgan Stanley Technology IndexSM is the exclusive property of Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley and the index are service marks of Morgan Stanley and have been licensed for use by Invesco Distributors, Inc. The trust is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Morgan Stanley or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (collectively, "MS"). Neither MS nor any other party makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the trust or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in funds generally or in the trust particularly or the ability of the index to track general stock market performance.  IPOX 30 IndexThe IPOX-30 Index was first published on August 10, 2004. However, IPOX Schuster LLC established the index performance history as of January 3, 1989. The index components are selected purely through rules-based, quantitative criteria. IPOXTM is a registered/pending international trademark of IPOX Schuster LLC. IPOX Indexes (patent pending).  DJ Consumer Services IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Consumer Services Index is service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones U.S. Consumer Services Index, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  DJ Select MicroCap IndexThe Dow Jones Select MicroCap IndexSM is a service mark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and has been licensed for use for certain purposes by Invesco Distributors, Inc. and the trust. The trust, based on the Dow Jones Select MicroCap IndexSM, is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dow Jones, and Dow Jones makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product.  IPOX 100 IndexThe IPOX-100 Index was first published on August 10, 2004. However, IPOX Schuster LLC established the index performance history as of January 3, 1989. The index components are selected purely through rules-based, quantitative criteria. IPOXTM is a registered/pending international trademark of IPOX Schuster LLC. IPOX Indexes (patent pending).  S&P 500 IndexThe Standard & Poor's 500 Index is an unmanaged index generally representative of the U.S. stock market.  Russell 1000 Value IndexFrank Russell Company ("FCR") is the source and owner of the data contained or reflected in this material and all trademarks and copyrights related thereto. The material may contain confidential information and unauthorized use, disclosure, copying, dissemination or redistribution is strictly prohibited. This is a user presentation of the data. Frank Russell Company is not responsible for the formatting or configuration of this material or for any inaccuracy in presentation thereof. Barclay's U.S. Aggregate Index Barclay's U.S. Aggregate Index is an unmanaged index considered representative of the US investment-grade, fixed-rate bond market. MSCI U.S. REIT Index GD MSCI U.S. REIT Index GD is an unmanaged index considered representative of real estate equity performance. The index is computed using the gross return, which does not withhold taxes for non-resident investors. S&P Global 1200 Index The S&P Global 1200, the first real-time investable global index, offers investors efficient exposure to the world economy. Capturing approximately 70% of the world's capital markets, it is a composite of 31 local markets from seven headline indices, many of which are accepted leaders in their regions. S&P 500 IndustrialsThe S&P 500 Industrials is an unmanaged index considered representative of the industrials market. S&P ADR IndexThe S&P ADR Index is constructed from the non-U.S. components of the S&P Global 1200. MSCI Emerging Markets The MSCI Emerging Markets is an unmanaged index considered representative of stocks of developing countries. BofA Merrill Fixed Rate Preferred SecuritiesBofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index tracks the performance of fixed-rate U.S. dollar-denominated preferred securities issued in the U.S. domestic market. S&P Composite 1500 Index The S&P Composite 1500 Index is a broad market portfolio representing the large, mid- and small-cap segments of the US equity market. Dow Jones U.S. Large Cap Growth Index The Dow Jones U.S. Large-Cap Growth Total Stock Market Index is a subset of the Dow Jones U.S. Total Stock Market Index, which measures all U.S. equity securities with readily available prices. It includes stocks among the largest 750 that demonstrate growth style characteristics. Dow Jones U.S. Market Index The Dow Jones U.S. Market Index is a market-capitalization-weighted index maintained by Dow Jones Indexes providing broad-based coverage of the U.S. stock market. The Dow Jones U.S. Market Index, considered a total market index, represents the top 95% of the U.S. stock market based on market capitalization. Also known as the "Dow Jones U.S. Index".S-Network Agriculture IndexSM (AGRI IndexSM)The AGRI IndexSM is a compilation of global agricultural stocks that are principally engaged in four primary agricultural sectors: chemicals and fertilizers, equipment and irrigation, commodity agricultural products, and livestock producers.AMEX Gold Miners IndexThe AMEX Gold Miners Index is a modified market capitalization weighted index comprised of publicly traded companies involved primarily in the mining for gold and silver. The Index includes common stocks and ADRs.S&P100 IndexThe S&P 100 Index, a sub-set of the S&P 500®, measures the performance of large cap companies in the United States. The Index comprises 100 major, blue chip companies across multiple industry groups. Individual stock options are listed for each index constituent.Barclays Municipal Bond IndexBarclays Municipal Bond Index is an unmanaged index considered representative of the tax-exempt bond market.S-Network Water Index SM  The S-Network Water IndexSM (Ticker: ^JGI) is the composite index and includes water utilities and companies engaged in water infrastructure and technology development. The composite is divided into two sub-indexes: S-Network Water WorksSM (Ticker: ^JWW), a compilation of 30 water utilities, and S-Network Water Technology and InfrastructureSM(Ticker: ^JWT), which embraces 30 water technology and infrastructure stocks. "S-Network Global Indexes, LLCSM", and "S-Network Water Tech IndexSM" and "S-Network Water Works IndexSM" are service marks of S-Network Global Indexes, LLC and have been licensed for use by the Portfolio. The Portfolio is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S-Network Global Indexes, LLC and S-Network Global Indexes, LLC makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Portfolio.S-Network Water Technology and InfrastructureSMS-Network Water Technology and InfrastructureSM(Ticker: ^JWT) embraces 30 water technology and infrastructure stocks. S-Network Global Indexes, LLCSM, and S-Network Water Tech IndexSM" and "S-Network Water Works IndexSM" are service marks of S-Network Global Indexes, LLC and have been licensed for use by the Portfolio. The Portfolio is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S-Network Global Indexes, LLC and S-Network Global Indexes, LLC makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Portfolio.MSCI Commodity Producers IndexMSCI Commodity Producers Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index designed to reflect the performance of listed commodity producers across three industries.Dow Jones U.S. Large-Cap Growth Total Stock Market IndexThe Dow Jones U.S. Large-Cap Growth Total Stock Market Index is a subset of the Dow Jones U.S. Total Stock Market Index, which measures all U.S. equity securities with readily available prices. It includes stocks among the largest 750 that demonstrate growth style characteristics.Ardour Global Index (Composite) AGIGL Index"Ardour Global Indexes, LLCSM", "ARDOUR GLOBAL INDEXSM (Composite)", "ARDOUR COMPOSITESM", "ARDOUR GLOBAL INDEXSM (Extra Liquid)", "ARDOUR GLOBAL ALTERNATIVE ENERGY INDEXESSM", and "ARDOUR GLOBAL ALTERNATIVE ENERGYSM" are service marks of Ardour Global Indexes, LLC and have been licensed for use by Invesco Ltd. and the trust. The trust is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Ardour Global Indexes, LLC and Ardour Global Indexes, LLC makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the trust.Ardour Global Alternative Energy Index (Composite)The Ardour Global Alternative Energy IndexSM - Extra Liquid (TICKER: AGIGL) is a compilation of global alternative energy stocks that are principally engaged in the business of alternative energy. The AGIGL comprises public companies engaged in five primary sectors: a) Enabling Technologies, b) Environmental Technologies, c) Environmental Efficiency, d) Alternative Energy Sources, and e) Distributed Generation. Constituents include the thirty largest and most actively traded stocks in the Ardour Global IndexSM (Composite). An investment cannot be made directly into an index.WILDERHILL CLEAN ENERGY INDEX® (ECO)A priority of WilderHill Clean Energy Index (ECO) is to define and track the Clean Energy sector: specifically, businesses that stand to benefit substantially from a societal transition toward use of cleaner energy and conservation. Stocks and sector weightings within the Index are based on their significance for clean energy, technological influence and relevance to preventing pollution in the first place.S&P Small Cap 600 Index(ECO)The S&P Small Cap 600 Index is a market-value weighted index that consists of 600 small-cap U.S. stocks chosen for market size, liquidity and industry group representation. S&P Euro 350 Index The S&P Europe 350® is an equity index drawn from 17 major European markets, covering approximately 70% of the region's market capitalization. It is a unique index, designed for the investor seeking broad market exposure in Europe through an index that is efficient to replicate.




The performance data quoted for the individual series of a trust that has not terminated or has an open termination date is from the deposit date through the current date quoted. For individual series that have terminated, performance data quoted is from the deposit date through the termination date.Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate and units, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Returns are cumulative total returns (not annualized) unless labeled as average annual total returns. All returns reflect trust expenses as incurred and assume reinvestment of income and principal distributions, except for trusts that do not offer the option of reinvesting distributions into additional trust units. Please see the related trust prospectus for additional information. Returns do not reflect taxes.
A trust's performance, especially for short time periods, should not be the sole factor in making your investment decision. Please keep in mind that high, double-digit returns are highly unusual and cannot be sustained. Investors should also be aware that these returns were primarily achieved during favorable market conditions.
Returns With Sales Charge reflect the maximum sales charge that would be payable by an investor upon sale or redemption of units at the end of the applicable period(s). The sales charge includes any initial or deferred sales charges other than creation and development fee. These returns do not reflect any creation and development fee prior to collection (generally the close of the initial offering period). Any creation and development fee is reflected in the returns as of the time of payment. by a trust. These returns reflect any contingent deferred sales charges only if the charges would be payable upon a unit sale or redemption at or prior to the end of the applicable performance period(s). Certain trusts are no longer offered for sale to the public and, as a result, do not publish an offer price or have a sales charge. In these cases, returns will not reflect a sales charge if a trust was not actually offered for sale to the public on the first day of the applicable period because units of the trust could not have been purchased by an investor at that time. These returns will show 'N/A' for With Sales Charge data
Returns Without Sales Charge do not reflect any sales charge and do not reflect any creation and development fee prior to collection (generally the close of the initial offering period). Any creation and development fee is reflected in the returns as of the time of payment by a trust.
There is no assurance the trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this trust. Certain trusts are unmanaged and their portfolios are not intended to change during the trusts' lives except in limited circumstances. Certain trusts are passively managed and seek to track their target index during the trust's life. For a more complete discussion of the risks of investing in this trust, click on the Fact Card.


Performance Calculator

			
				From
				
				  to
				
Apply








 
Total Return (%)




With Sales Charge
37.62


Without Sales Charge
44.7






1Estimated current return (ECR) is based on the estimated annual income as a percentage of the current price of the units. Estimated long-term return (ELTR) is calculated using a formula which (1) takes into consideration and determines and factors in the relative weightings of the market values, yields (which takes into account the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts) and estimated retirement of all the bonds in the trust and (2) takes into account the expenses and sales charge associated with each trust unit. There can be no assurance that either the estimated current return or ELTR will be realized in the future and an investor's units, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
2The ELTR life represents the estimated life of the bonds in a Trust's portfolio determined for the purposes of calculating Estimated Long-Term Return.
3Estimated Annual Income Per Unit is as of close the most recent business day and is based on the estimated cash flows per unit. This amount will vary with changes in expenses, interest rates and the maturity, call or sale of bonds.
4Estimated Daily Rate of Accrual represents the annual interest from the securities within the portfolio divided by the number of days on which interest is calculated annually.
5Represents the principal amount of the underlying bonds per unit. Bonds may be sold to meet redemptions, to pay expenses, and in other limited circumstances. The sale of bonds will affect the principal amount of bonds included in the trust and as a result the principal amount of bonds per unit. There can be no assurance that a unitholder will receive this par value per unit in the future.


 Important Information About Benchmarks





About risk



There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged and its portfolio is not intended to change during the trust's life except in limited circumstances. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this trust.
An investment in a trust should be made with an understanding of the risks associated therewith, such as the inability of the issuer or an insurer to pay the principal of or interest on a bond when due, volatile interest rates, early call provisions and changes to the tax status of the bonds. Investments in a trust may be subject to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, the value of the bonds in a trust may decline and if interest rates decline the value of the bonds may increase. Also, the longer the period to maturity, the greater the sensitivity to interest rate changes tends to be.Invesco and its representatives do not provide tax advice. Individuals should consult their personal tax advisors before making any tax-related investment decisions.








1Estimated current return (ECR) is based on the estimated annual income as a percentage of the current price of the units. Estimated long-term return (ELTR) is calculated using a formula which (1) takes into consideration and determines and factors in the relative weightings of the market values, yields (which takes into account the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts) and estimated retirement of all the bonds in the trust and (2) takes into account the expenses and sales charge associated with each trust unit. There can be no assurance that either the estimated current return or ELTR will be realized in the future and an investor's units, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
2The ELTR life represents the estimated life of the bonds in a Trust's portfolio determined for the purposes of calculating Estimated Long-Term Return.
3Estimated Annual Income Per Unit is as of close the most recent business day and is based on the estimated cash flows per unit. This amount will vary with changes in expenses, interest rates and the maturity, call or sale of bonds.
4Estimated Daily Rate of Accrual represents the annual interest from the securities within the portfolio divided by the number of days on which interest is calculated annually.
5Represents the principal amount of the underlying bonds per unit. Bonds may be sold to meet redemptions, to pay expenses, and in other limited circumstances. The sale of bonds will affect the principal amount of bonds included in the trust and as a result the principal amount of bonds per unit. There can be no assurance that a unitholder will receive this par value per unit in the future.


 Important Information About Benchmarks





About risk



There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged and its portfolio is not intended to change during the trust's life except in limited circumstances. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this trust.
An investment in a trust should be made with an understanding of the risks associated therewith, such as the inability of the issuer or an insurer to pay the principal of or interest on a bond when due, volatile interest rates, early call provisions and changes to the tax status of the bonds. Investments in a trust may be subject to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, the value of the bonds in a trust may decline and if interest rates decline the value of the bonds may increase. Also, the longer the period to maturity, the greater the sensitivity to interest rate changes tends to be.Invesco and its representatives do not provide tax advice. Individuals should consult their personal tax advisors before making any tax-related investment decisions.








as of 07/28/2017

 












	QUAL0111





Offer Price 
				-

Fee Based Price
				-

Liquidation Price
				$552.36000

Par Value5
$523.45000

 Initial Offering








Initial Offering as of 05/26/2009




Offer Price:
$995.48000


Liquidation Price
$946.79000


Par Value
$970.79000


Number of issues
42


Number of issuers
33


Portfolio Size (units)
29,548





 




Trust Specifics 


May 26, 2009
				Deposit Date
			

May 26, 2009 -Jun 05, 2009
					ScheduledPrimary OfferingPeriod
				

Open
				
				Termination Date
			

				Tax Status:
					
						
							Regulated Investment Company
						
						
					
			

$995.48000
				Public Offering Price(End of deposit date)				
			
Sales Charge Schedule
Sales Charge Volume Discount

1.98
					Average Maturity(as of 07/28/2017)


1.27
						ELTR Life2(as of 07/28/2017)


				Estimated Frequency of Offering:
				3 months
			

46172C629
					Monthly CUSIP					
				

46172C637
						Fee Based CUSIP						
					

15
					Number of Issues
					
						(as of 07/26/2017)


12
					Number of Issuers
					
						(as of 07/26/2017)


15,358
					Portfolio Size (units)	
					
						(as of 07/28/2017)


96.45
					Pre-refunded (%)
					
						(as of 07/28/2017)


-
					Single Family (%)
					
						(as of 07/28/2017)


-
					Zero Coupon (%)
					
						(as of 07/28/2017)


Sep 01, 2017 
					Next Call Date
					
						(as of 07/28/2017)





































You are now leaving invesco.com. Invesco does not guarantee any claims or assume any responsibility for any of the content.

Continue

 









North America

 United States
 Canada (English)
 Canada (Francais)



United Kingdom

 United Kingdom
 Isle of Man
 Jersey
 Guernsey



Asia-Pacific

 Australia
 China
 Hong Kong
 Japan
 Taiwan



Europe

 Europe



Middle East

 Dubai



United States ^ Collapse




Invesco US
Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc.




Canada (English) ^ Collapse


Individual Investors

Investor Site



Financial Intermediaries

Advisor Site



Institutional Investors

Institutional Site




Canada (Francais) ^ Collapse


Investisseurs

Investisseurs



Intermédiaries Financiers

Conseillers






 Corporate Home





 Quick links


Log in


 My Sales Data


My Rep Contacts


Share



Feedback











Invention Marketing & Licensing Help For Patents and New Product Ideas







































 
 






651.552.0080
info@lambertinvent.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 










Does Your Invention Need a Boost?
 We are a premier invention marketing and licensing firm that represents inventors on contingency. 
Learn More
 
 
 




Launching Inventions

Our one goal is to get your new invention on the market and earn you royalties.  Learn more about some of our successfully licensed inventions.

View Invention Successes
 
 
 



Ready for your Invention to Soar?
 For your invention to take off, you need to take the first step. 
Submit Your Invention
 
 
 
 
 
 



Need Help With Your Invention or Product Idea?
If you are an inventor with a patent or just someone who has one great idea for a new invention, we can help you make it very profitable.
We are licensing agents in search of great inventions, both with patents and without patents, to bring to market by way of a licensing agreement.
Simply put, we find companies who will manufacture and distribute your invention and give you a generous royalty percentage of sales.
Let Us Pay For It!
Besides a nominal small fee to evaluate your invention, which only serves to weed out those that are simply curious, we are only compensated when we license a deal for you.
Depending on how developed your invention is at the time you submit it, our services of marketing and licensing for your invention or patent can range but may include:
Invention Marketing and Licensing Services



•  Patent assistance
•  Market research
•  Prototype development
•  Engineered drawings
•  Computer renderings
•  Manufacturing feasibility
•  Invention marketing material creation
•  Networking with potential licensees
•  Trade show representation
•  Invention presentation
•  Licensing negotiation
•  License agreement administration



So, if your invention is great like you say it is, and we choose to represent you, all other costs for seeking a license deal will be paid by us!
There are no hidden charges, no large up-front fees, just a no-risk-high-reward offer that we are making to those with great inventions!
 
 



Invention Success Stories
Our one goal is to get your new invention on the market. Learn more about some of our successfully licensed products.
Learn More >
 
 

w
Contact Us
Have a question not covered on our website? We want to hear from you.
Contact L&L >
 
 


Submit Your Invention
There are three ways of submitting your new invention to our firm, please follow the directions or contact us.
Start Today >
 
 
 
 


Hear What Some Of Our Clients Are Saying…
 
 
 



				“Thank you for licensing my product twice! Your persistent, professional and SUCCESSFUL efforts to create royalty revenue are truly commendable.”
				Barry E.
Inventor of Powertach, Louisville, KY
 
 
 


				“After two other companies failed, Lambert & Lambert got my product on the market…Thank you L&L!”
				Arthur B.
Inventor of the Easy Carver, Miami, FL
 
 
 


				 “Working with Lambert & Lambert has been a pleasure.  They are true professionals.  I couldn’t have done it without them!” 
				Terry S.
Inventor of Instant Trainer, Boise, ID
 
 
 
 


Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are selling in:

 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 




Our Invention Services
				 Lambert & Lambert offers contingency based representation services for inventors and entrepreneurs.  With a long list of successfully launched products, we want yours to be next!



Learn More

 
 
 






About L&L
We are a professional license agency bringing new inventions to market.  We work with inventors just like you!
About Us >





 
 
 



License Your Invention
With increased pace of technology, companies are in need of new invention ideas more than ever. Learn how to capitalize.
Learn About Licensing > 





 
 
 


t
Have A Question?
Find the answers to common questions regarding our marketing and licensing services for your invention.
Get Answers >





 
 
 



Submit Your Invention
There are three ways of submitting your new invention to our firm, please follow the directions or contact us.
Start Today >





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









