

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Investure, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 2:55 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Investure, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Investure, LLC is an employee owned asset management firm. The firm provides its services to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, endowment, and foundations. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios and alternative assets. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative markets across the globe. It also invests in emerging markets. The firm primarily invests in stocks, bonds, hedge funds, and private equity. Investure, LLC was founded in 2003 and is based in Charlottesville, Virginia.


126 Garrett St, Suite JCharlottesville, VA 22902United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 434-220-0280

Fax: 434-220-0285

www.investure.com







Key Executives for Investure, LLC




Ms. Alice W. Handy


      	Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 68
        







Mr. Edward Patrick Meissner CPA


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. William Hanson West Jr.


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Bruce Ashton Miller


      	Managing Director 
      








Ms. Alice B. Fisher


      	Director of Client Relations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Investure, LLC Key Developments

Investure, LLC Presents at 8th Annual Global Real Assets Investment Forum, Feb-28-2017 03:40 PM
Nov 30 16
Investure, LLC Presents at 8th Annual Global Real Assets Investment Forum, Feb-28-2017 03:40 PM. Venue: Four Seasons Hotel, Austin, Texas, United States. Speakers: Jon Hill, Managing Director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Investure, LLC, please visit www.investure.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Investure












About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients







About Us



			Investure was founded in 2003 on the premise that mid-sized non-profit 
            organizations can, and should, have access to the same dedicated investment 
            expertise that larger non-profits enjoy. Our partners come from a long and 
            successful history of endowment management and share a dedication to 
            working with mid-sized endowments and foundations. 
            
            Our mission is to seek to provide exemplary investment returns and 
            service to our consortium of clients. We have intentionally limited the 
            number of clients we work with in order to provide high-touch, exceptional 
            service to each client, seeking to work more as a partner than as an 
            outside investment firm.
        

How we work: As a full-service investment office, Investure seeks to be tightly integrated with the investment committees and in-house finance teams for each of our clients. We work closely with each client to establish portfolios that fit its individual risk profile, primarily utilizing pooled investment vehicles within our client consortium to create efficiencies and scale. Investure manages each client’s endowment across all asset classes which allow us to concentrate our efforts on the best risk-adjusted opportunities in all asset classes, rather than just the next best opportunity in a specific asset class. We have regular interaction with investment committees to provide comprehensive portfolio reviews, including performance, risk and policy compliance. As part of our high-touch service model, Investure also provides back-office support, which includes performance reporting, custodian recommendation and interface, cash management, and audit support.
What we stand for: Investure is a values-driven firm. From the outset, our intent was to create a company whose foundation is excellence and stewardship. These principles drive all that we do. Our people share a passion for investing and our culture embraces constructive debate, innovation, humility, and a drive for continuous improvement. The Guiding Principles serve as the touchstone for all business decisions we make.





                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in








Investure

















About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients







Clients


			We are proud to include the following prestigious institutions in our consortium of clients. By limiting the number of clients we serve and providing a high level of service, Investure builds long-term relationships with our clients’ boards, investment committees and staff. Regular interaction with our client committees and staff challenges our thinking and enhances our decision-making. Clients also benefit from the extended network of peer institutions within our consortium.










































































The clients' names on this page are used with permission and do not constitute an endorsement of Investure, LLC.
            It is not known whether the clients listed here approve or disapprove of Investure or its advisory services. 
            This list of clients is representative and may not include all clients at any one time. 




                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in








Investure

















About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients







Clients


			We are proud to include the following prestigious institutions in our consortium of clients. By limiting the number of clients we serve and providing a high level of service, Investure builds long-term relationships with our clients’ boards, investment committees and staff. Regular interaction with our client committees and staff challenges our thinking and enhances our decision-making. Clients also benefit from the extended network of peer institutions within our consortium.










































































The clients' names on this page are used with permission and do not constitute an endorsement of Investure, LLC.
            It is not known whether the clients listed here approve or disapprove of Investure or its advisory services. 
            This list of clients is representative and may not include all clients at any one time. 




                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in








Investure











 











About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients





Investure, LLC is a recognized leader in the endowment and foundation investment management 
                industry having pioneered the full-service outsourced investment office model. We are focused 
                on the investment management needs of non-profits serving as the investment office for a 
                select group of prestigious colleges and foundations. 
                Investure currently manages approximately $13 billion* across all asset classes. We seek 
                to build long-term relationships with our clients by bringing the distinct capabilities 
                and advantages of a larger investment office to mid-sized endowments and foundations.
                
                * as of March 2017   
                




                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in







Investure












About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients







Careers



            To apply for opportunities, please send a cover letter and resume to: careers@investure.com


Investment Analyst  
The Investure Analyst program provides a broad introduction to institutional investing and portfolio
            management, including investment diligence and decision making. Investment Analysts provide a
            range of critical analytical support which includes working directly with the investment team on client
            presentations, data collection and processing, and portfolio and manager analytics. Work is initially
            comprised of internal analytical functions but ultimately progresses to be primarily investment
            diligence support. Throughout the program, Analysts will attend investment team meetings, work with
            senior members of the investment team, and gain exposure to world class investors. The ideal
            candidate will possess excellent academic credentials, strong excel skills, an interest in investing, and a
            natural focus on improvement. Investment Analysts must be detail-oriented, possess a high level of
            maturity, have a service mindset, and align with our Guiding Principles. The program is structured to
            be a 3 year commitment and we are currently seeking an Investment Analyst with 1-2 years of
            experience.
            
 Job Description


Administrative Assistant
This professional will be an integral member of Investure’s Human Resources & Administration Team reporting to the Director of the team. This position will be primarily responsible for duties pertaining to reception and facilities, travel assistance, and general administrative tasks.
            

Job Description




                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in








Investure












About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients







Team

Alphabetical



Madison Abbott




Shawn Bell




Grace Bennett




Nick Berry




Elizabeth Case




Chas Cocke




Matt Cox




Jess Croes




Kristen Dillehunt




Nirman Dutta




Pam Fitzgerald




Melissa Gardiner




Jack Gayner




Jon Haas




Alice Handy




Nicholas Hiatt




Jon Hill




Anastasiya Kulygin




David Landry




John Lewis




Jay Macias




Brent Maddox




Augusta Marshall




Ellen Meyer




Bruce Miller




Maggie Millhiser




Chad Morgan




Frederick Nolde




Kartik Pawar




Michael Peltier




Laura Roller




Puja Seam




Andriy Shapowal




Ross Shipe




Alex Swartz




Aaron Taylor




Craig Thomas




Christine Topf




Hance West





			View By:


Alphabetical

Investment Team
Operations / Administration Team
Client Relations Team
Investure Partners
Management Committee







                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other










Investure, LLC                                                                                                           - Charlottesville                                   , VA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



Charlottesville



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Investure, LLC
                                    



 





















I 


Investure, LLC                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



126 GARRETT ST STE J CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA 22902
Get Directions



(434) 220-0280
www.investure.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,800,399.00
 Employee Count 25
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Alice Handy                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Investure, Llc                                                                                                           is located at 126 Garrett St Ste J in Charlottesville and has been in the business of Investment Advisory Service since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Investure, LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report















Investure, LLC Revenue and Financial Data
Investment advice







Financials Information for Investure, LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$4.800399 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Investure  Llc in Charlottesville, VA 22902 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Virginia
» Charlottesville
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Investure  Llc













Investure  Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





126 Garrett st Ste J Ste J Charlottesville, Virginia 22902


(434) 220-0280
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Investure  Llc is located at the address 126 Garrett st Ste J in Charlottesville, Virginia 22902.  They can be contacted via phone at (434) 220-0280 for pricing, hours and directions.  Investure  Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Bruce  Miller, President or  go to www.investure.comInvesture  Llc provides Investment Services, Income Planning, Retirement Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Investure  Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Investure  Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Loans
, Commodities
, Municipal Bonds
, Individual Policies
, CDs
, Rollover Plans
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Group Policies
, Tax Free Investments
, Retirement Plans



SERVICES


Private Banking
, Individual Services
, Short Term Planning
, Retirement Planning
, Income Planning
, Charitable Giving
, Long Term Planning
, Cash Management
, Investment Services
, Disability Income



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (434) 220-0280
Website: www.investure.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Kiwi Consultants Ltd


Po Box 8011  Charlottesville, Virginia 22906




Iroquois Properties


1421 Sachem Pl Unit 3 Charlottesville, Virginia 22901




DYNAMIC INVESTMENT CAPITAL ENTERPRISE LLC


1107 Wertland St  Charlottesville, Virginia 22903




LEWIS AND CLARK CAPITAL LLC


308 East Market St  Charlottesville, Virginia 22902




EAGLE HILL INVESTMENTS LLC


  Charlottesville, Virginia 22901




DAB INVESTMENTS


236 E High St  Charlottesville, Virginia 22902





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Bruce  Miller
PRESIDENT
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Clay  Thomson
DIRECTOR, PUBLIC INVESTMENTS
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Ted  Meissner
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Chad  Morgan
DIRECTOR
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Cocke  Chas
MANAGING DIRECTOR, CO-FOUNDER
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Edward P Meissner
OFFICER; CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



John  Hill
INVESTMENT ANALYST
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Bingham C. Jamison
ANALYST--HEDGE FUNDS
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Tom  Stack
ASSOCIATE
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



Alice W. Handy
FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT
Phone: (434) 220-0280 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















Investure, LLC, and Smith College
















































MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS





















HBR STORE
 > 
Case Studies
 > 
Innovation & Entrepreneurship






Investure, LLC, and Smith College
case study
Susan ChaplinskyRobert S. HarrisDorothy C. Kelly


















 Save
 Share












8.95



 Save
 Share





Format
				




PDF
Hardcopy Black & White






Format


PDF
Hardcopy Black & White



Language

English
English









Add copyright permissions.
							Quantity discounts.



Number of Copyright Permissions









Language

English



Quantity





Buying for your team?  





Add to cart
			












Description



Access to case studies expires six months after purchase date.



Publication Date: September 18, 2007

 This is a Darden case study.Alice Handy, an investment professional with 30 years' experience as head of the University of Virginia Investment Management Company, has opened a new asset management firm targeted at midsize endowments and nonprofit institutions in January 2004. Her business, Investure, LLC, offered outsourced investment services to institutions with $150 million to $1 billion in assets and access to top-performing managers at lower cost than a fund of funds (FoF). Smith College, a prestigious liberal arts college with a nearly $1 billion endowment, is interested in increasing its current allocation to private equity. Handy and her partner are preparing to meet with Smith's trustees in an attempt to win Smith College as Investure's first client. The case presents three different approaches to private equity investing: direct investment through a traditional limited partnership, investment through an FoF, or investment through Investure's outsourced model. The class discussion presents an opportunity to evaluate advantages and shortcomings of each approach, introduce key terminology, and discuss the current trends in the private equity market. Students are given the cash inflows and outflows for a representative investment in a venture capital fund of the type Handy hopes to invest in on behalf of Smith College. The main analytical task requires students to evaluate the expected gross and net returns generated by the representative investment under each of the different approaches and fee structures.


Product #: UV0780-PDF-ENG

Pages: 21


Related Topics:

Innovation
Strategy
Venture capital






How to Download



To download this product after your purchase, simply sign-in to hbr.org and visit the "Purchases" area of your account.




Education & Student Discounts




Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu
					, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.
					

Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu.
					











Business Bookshelf
Summaries and excerpts of the latest books, special offers, and more from Harvard Business Review Press.





Sign up





Signed up









          Loading...     


    Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed        Loading...      


                      


       1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $3.75   10-49  $3.50     50–499  $3.25   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $9.50   10-49  $8.50     50–499  $7.50   500+  $7.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50–99  30% off list   100-499  40% off list     500–999  45% off list   1000-2499  50% off list     2500+  55% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-250  list price   251-500  10% off list     501-1000  20% off list   1001–2000  25% off list     2001+  30% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  10% off list     50-99  20% off list   100+  30% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.      When you place your first order on HBR.org and enter your credit card information and shipping address, 'Speed-Pay' ordering is enabled. 'Speed-Pay' is a service that saves the credit card details from your most recent purchase and allows you to re-use that card for future purchases. If you click the Speed-Pay button on any product detail page, your order will be charged to the most recent credit card information attached to your account and shipped (if applicable) to the last address we have on file for you. For more details   Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at hbsp.harvard.edu, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.   Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at hbsp.harvard.edu.   _____________________     1-4  $8.95 each   5-10  $8.75 each     11-49  $8.50 each   50-499  $8.25 each     500+  $8.00 each     Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order. If you need to make additional copies to distribute, please purchase copyright permission.      Ebook: A digital book provided in three formats (PDF, ePub, and Mobi) for the price of one.  Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Hardcopy, paperback, softbound, magazine: Physical copy shipped from our warehouse to your requested shipping location. PDF: PDF digital file. Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Bundle: A themed collection containing two or more items at a special savings. Note: Some of our products are available in other languages besides English, for example a “Spanish PDF” format means you will receive a PDF in the Spanish language.    A security code is added protection against credit card fraud. It is a 3 or 4 digit number appearing on the front or back of your credit card. See examples below.  Visa and Mastercard The security code has 3 digits and appears on the BACK of the card in the signature panel. American Express  The Card Identification Number (CID/4DBC) is a four-digit, non-embossed (flat) number that is printed on every American Express Card. The CID/4DBC is ALWAYS located ABOVE the embossed (raised) account number on the face of the card. In some instances, the CID/4DBC is located on the left side of the card, but is always above the account number. Some cards have a four-digit number embossed below the account number, but this is not the CID/4DBC   If you have a promotion code, please enter it below. This promotion code field is case sensitive so please type all capital letters.     This product is intended for individual use only. To learn more about volume discounts for organizations and license opportunities for consultants, contact Lindsey.Dietrich@harvardbusiness.org.      Unable to locate your subscription account #? Click here 






  















Investure

















About Us


Our Guiding Principles


Team


Clients







Our Guiding Principles


Integrity. We strive to exemplify the highest ethical standards in both our work and personal lives. We believe this requires transparency in our actions as well as honest and straight forward discourse with our clients, team members and business partners. We seek to work only with those who share our values. We cherish our good reputation.
Excellence. We should deliver excellent long-term investment performance, set industry standards for excellent service, be excellent employers and be excellent co-workers. We intend to work hard and work smart. Our pursuit requires a continuous self-evaluation of our successes and our failures. Our world is ever changing and we cannot be complacent or stand still. It is our goal to be the best not the biggest.
Service. Our clients come first. We are proud of our association with them and our image is intrinsically tied to them in a variety of ways. Most of our clients are and will continue to be not-for-profits. We will keep that ethic in mind. What our clients pay us comes out of their mission. We will continue to grow only when we perceive that it does not diminish our service to existing clients.
Stewardship. We will put our clients' long-term interests above our short-term business goals. We will endeavor to invest in a way that helps our clients take advantage of their natural time horizon advantage and to serve them with that in mind. Our investment style is intended to make it across valleys, no matter how deep or wide, in order to sustain and build success over decades rather than months or years. We will act as stewards of our business and will have the duty to pass on a better business than the one we inherited.
People. Our team is our most valuable asset. We recognize that our success depends on surrounding ourselves with good, hard-working people that employ excellent judgment. We want a culture that attracts and retains excellent people. This means that we treat each other with respect, help each other when needed, and are respectful of each other's personal needs and challenges. We seek to hire the best person for each job recognizing that diversity of opinion is a key ingredient to investment success. We want to have our team be passionate about the work they do. As such, we need to create an atmosphere that nurtures their success and invests in their development.
Teamwork. We value a collaborative approach among clients, managers, service providers and our team. There is no room for personal agendas. Investure must be a challenging, collegial and enjoyable place to work. We lead by example and operate with the Golden Rule in mind. We hope that our teammates, clients and managers are amongst our greatest advocates.
Humility. We will be humble enough to know we can and will undoubtedly be wrong, but we seek to learn from our mistakes. We will continually challenge biases and assumptions in pursuit of excellence. We treat all as equals. No task is beneath anyone in the firm.





                Copyright &copy 2017 by Investure, LLC Terms of Use





Home


Contact


Careers


Client Log-in


















Business Case Studies & Business Publications - Darden Business Publishing. Investure, LLC, and Smith College





























Menu












 











Darden Business Publishing





 














Cart (0)



Library (0)






Log in /
Register









You have no items in your shopping cart.














Products



New Products
Best Sellers



Categories


Accounting & Control


Business & Government


Case Method


Decision Analysis


Economics


Entrepreneurship & Innovation


Ethics


Finance


Leadership & Organizational Behavior


Management Communications


Marketing


Operations Management


Strategy




Product Type

Book
Case
Course Pack
Exercise
Forio Simulation
Multimedia Case
Simulation
Technical Note
Video
Video Playlist




Featured Authors
Educator Resources
News
Contact Us












                                   Investure, LLC, and Smith College

                
Chaplinsky, Susan;
Harris, Robert S.;
Kelly, Dorothy C.

 

Share This Product





facebook
twitter
linkedin
email





 
Subscribe To Product


Email Please enter valid Email

 Subscribe
 Unsubscribe







 


                        Investure, LLC, and Smith College
                    

 
Chaplinsky, Susan;

 
Harris, Robert S.;

 
Kelly, Dorothy C.



                         Case F-1537 / Published September 18, 2007 / 21 pages.
                    



Format
Price
Quantity
Select





PDF Download                                        






$6.75 





1









Master Hard Copy                                        






$7.00 





 








Student Hard Copy                                        






$7.00 





 








Copyright Permissions                                        






$3.75 





 










 


Select Format
Choose your delivery format to add this product to your cart or save it to your library.


Add to Cart


Save to Library


Please allow 10 minutes after purchasing for delivery of your electronic materials.












Product Overview

                        Alice Handy, an investment professional with 30 years' experience as head of the University of Virginia Investment Management Company, has opened a new asset management firm targeted at midsize endowments and nonprofit institutions in January 2004. Her business, Investure, LLC, offered outsourced investment services to institutions with $150 million to $1 billion in assets and access to top-performing managers at lower cost than a fund of funds (FoF). Smith College, a prestigious liberal arts college with a nearly $1 billion endowment, is interested in increasing its current allocation to private equity. Handy and her partner are preparing to meet with Smith's trustees in an attempt to win Smith College as Investure's first client. The case presents three different approaches to private equity investing: direct investment through a traditional limited partnership, investment through a FoF, or investment through Investure's outsourced model. The class discussion presents an opportunity to evaluate advantages and shortcomings of each approach, introduce key terminology, and discuss the current trends in the private equity market. Students are given the cash inflows and outflows for a representative investment in a venture capital fund of the type Handy hopes to invest in on behalf of Smith College. The main analytical task requires students to evaluate the expected gross and net returns generated by the representative investment under each of the different approaches and fee structures.[RETURN][RETURN]This case was written for an early class in courses on entrepreneurial finance, venture capital, or private equity. It can also be used in specialized courses for fund trustees interested in alternative assets.

                    
Learning Objectives
Objectives ? To provide an overview of private equity investing and the advantages and disadvantages of private-equity investing. ? To introduce students to the structure of private equity partnerships and key terms (e.g., general partner, limited partner, committed capital, carried interest, fees.) ? To explore the different approaches to investing in private equity and evaluate the benefits and shortcomings of each. ? To consider the portfolio implications of private equity investments. ? To examine issues of fit for an endowment. 









Overview




                        Alice Handy, an investment professional with 30 years' experience as head of the University of Virginia Investment Management Company, has opened a new asset management firm targeted at midsize endowments and nonprofit institutions in January 2004. Her business, Investure, LLC, offered outsourced investment services to institutions with $150 million to $1 billion in assets and access to top-performing managers at lower cost than a fund of funds (FoF). Smith College, a prestigious liberal arts college with a nearly $1 billion endowment, is interested in increasing its current allocation to private equity. Handy and her partner are preparing to meet with Smith's trustees in an attempt to win Smith College as Investure's first client. The case presents three different approaches to private equity investing: direct investment through a traditional limited partnership, investment through a FoF, or investment through Investure's outsourced model. The class discussion presents an opportunity to evaluate advantages and shortcomings of each approach, introduce key terminology, and discuss the current trends in the private equity market. Students are given the cash inflows and outflows for a representative investment in a venture capital fund of the type Handy hopes to invest in on behalf of Smith College. The main analytical task requires students to evaluate the expected gross and net returns generated by the representative investment under each of the different approaches and fee structures.[RETURN][RETURN]This case was written for an early class in courses on entrepreneurial finance, venture capital, or private equity. It can also be used in specialized courses for fund trustees interested in alternative assets.
                    





Learning Objectives



Learning Objectives
Objectives ? To provide an overview of private equity investing and the advantages and disadvantages of private-equity investing. ? To introduce students to the structure of private equity partnerships and key terms (e.g., general partner, limited partner, committed capital, carried interest, fees.) ? To explore the different approaches to investing in private equity and evaluate the benefits and shortcomings of each. ? To consider the portfolio implications of private equity investments. ? To examine issues of fit for an endowment. 









Customers Also Bought




                                          Henderson Global Investors

          
Bruner, Robert F.;
Hall, Dennis;
Mitchell, Roger;
 et al 
                      

Case





                                          Investment Management Industry

          
Crawford, Richard D.
                      

Technical Note





                                          Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund: Push and Pull Over ...

          
Chaplinsky, Susan;
Loutskina, Elena;
Walsh, Rob
                      

Case










Write a Review

 
Only registered users can write reviews



Title






Review







Rating

Bad 
										  
  
  
  
  
Excellent

















×














