










 













 







Home | Global | Investec Asset Management














































                    
                                                                Global homepage                                        (Change)




                    Press office                





Navigation
Search

Search

Close







Select your location and role to view strategy and fund content



Please select your location

Select country

                    Global homepage
                

                    Australia
                

                    Botswana
                

                    Deutschland
                

                    España
                

                    France
                

                    Hong Kong (香港)
                

                    Italia
                

                    Namibia
                

                    Nederland
                

                    Österreich
                

                    Singapore
                

                    South Africa
                

                    Switzerland
                

                    Taiwan (台灣)
                

                    United Kingdom
                

                    United States
                

                    International
                




Which role best describes you?

Select role





            By entering you agree to our Terms & Conditions        
Agree & enter site






Login to My Investec

Username*

Password*




Remember me


Secure login



Forgotten password?
Not registered?









Select your location and role to view strategy and fund content



Please select your location

Select country

                    Global homepage
                

                    Australia
                

                    Botswana
                

                    Deutschland
                

                    España
                

                    France
                

                    Hong Kong (香港)
                

                    Italia
                

                    Namibia
                

                    Nederland
                

                    Österreich
                

                    Singapore
                

                    South Africa
                

                    Switzerland
                

                    Taiwan (台灣)
                

                    United Kingdom
                

                    United States
                

                    International
                




Which role best describes you?

Select role





            By entering you agree to our Terms & Conditions        
Agree & enter site






Our story







                        History
                    
From start-up to global business



It all began in South Africa in 1991. We were a small start-up offering domestic strategies in an emerging market. Now we’re an international business managing approximately $124 billion* for clients based all over the world.
*As at 30.06.17













                        Perspective
                    
Unique journey: unique insight



We are on a truly unique journey. Launched in South Africa in 1991, we are one of the first asset management firms to build a global franchise from emerging market origins. This means we see the world differently, allowing our clients to benefit from our unique insight.













                        People
                    
More than a job



We are curious for our clients. We put our clients and our people at the centre of our business. This is after all their business. Our people enjoy working without constraints and they’re passionate about what they do. That’s why so many of our senior people have been with us for so long.













Featured investment views






Inflation watch
19 July 2017



John Stopford, Head of Multi-Asset Income at Investec Asset Management, discusses inflation and central bank policy in key global markets with Lindsay Williams.


                        Listen to podcast
                    









Natural Resources Indicator
14 July 2017



An overview of the natural resources sector.


                        Read More
                    



Related links



                        Commodities & Resource Indicator
                



                        Natural Resources Indicator
                










Emerging Market Debt Indicator
11 July 2017



A review of recent developments in the emerging market debt universe, supplemented by specific country and sector commentary.


                        Read More
                    



Related links



                        Commodities & Resource Indicator
                










A disinflationary environment
28 June 2017



Philip Saunders and Lindsay Williams discuss inflation and the bond markets.


                        Listen to podcast
                    









Brexit talks start
20 June 2017



John Stopford talks to Lindsay Williams to discuss the impact of Brexit as negotiations between the European Union and the UK get underway.


                        Listen to podcast
                    













Our responsibility to society
As long-term asset managers, we are deeply aware of our broader responsibility to society. We are proud to support a number of initiatives that work with local communities and their environments.

                            Read more                        







Investment Institute
Leveraging our firm’s expertise and a worldwide network of experts we can empower our clients as they navigate an increasingly complex investment landscape.

                            Read more                        







Investment teams
Introducing our investment model and investment teams. Our focus is on global and emerging markets investing across asset classes.

                            Read more                        



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Investec Asset Management North America Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

































investec asset management north america inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Investec Asset Management North America, Inc. operates as an investment firm. The Company offers investment advisory and portfolio management services pension funds, central banks, sovereign wealth funds, insurers, foundations, financial advisers, and individual investors. Investec Asset Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

666 5th Avenue
37th floor
New York, NY 10103
United States


Phone:
1-917-206-5179


Fax:
1-917-206-5155


Web url:
www.investecassetmanagement.com





Board Members




Co-Chief Investment Officer
Company


Domenico Ferrini
Investec Asset Management Ltd


John McNab
Investec Asset Management Ltd








Managing Director
Company


Richard Garland
Investec Asset Management North America Inc








Chief Compliance Officer
Company


Dana Troetel
Investec Asset Management North America Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Kim Mary McFarland


Chief Financial Officer




Domenico Ferrini "Mimi"


Co-Chief Investment Officer




John Terence McNab


Co-Chief Investment Officer




James Edward Lloyd Hand


Co-Chief Investment Officer




Anna Christine Rode


Deputy Compliance Officer




John Conrad Green


Director




Hendrik Jacobus Du Toit


Director




Andre Van Heerden


Director




Douglas Wilson Doucette


Director




Bradley John George


Director



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Meeder Asset Management Inc. Invests $583,000 in American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for American Financial Group Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor American Financial Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “$35.00” Price Target for Michael Kors Holdings Limited (NYSE:KORS)
TrueBlue, Inc. (TBI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share
Very Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL) Share Price
OGE Energy Corporation (OGE) Stake Decreased by HighTower Advisors LLC
Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) Position Cut by Fmr LLC
Mcdaniel Terry & Co. Has $245,000 Stake in Clorox Company (The) (CLX)
Golub Group LLC Purchases 225 Shares of McKesson Corporation (MCK)
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (BIP) Stake Decreased by Morgan Stanley
Wedbush Securities Inc. Purchases 154 Shares of ConocoPhillips (COP)
23,226 Shares in Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) Acquired by Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH
Liberty Tax, Inc. (NASDAQ:TAX) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.16
Euronav NV (NASDAQ:EURN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Heritage Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:HFWA) Earning Very Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Raised to “Outperform” at BMO Capital Markets
Westar Energy, Inc. (WR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Evercore ISI
Cryo-Cell International Inc. (CCEL) Announces  Earnings Results
Signet Jewelers Limited (SIG) Shares Bought by Credit Suisse AG
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA) Stake Increased by Credit Suisse AG
Manulife Financial Corp (MFC) Shares Sold by HighTower Advisors LLC
First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (FR) Stake Decreased by Credit Suisse AG







Meeder Asset Management Inc. Invests $583,000 in American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Meeder Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in  American Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:AFG) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm acquired 5,868 shares of the insurance provider’s stock, valued at approximately $583,000. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BTIM Corp. increased its stake in  American Financial Group by 3.1% in the first quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 105,104 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $10,029,000 after buying an additional 3,198 shares during the last quarter.  Morgan Stanley increased its stake in  American Financial Group by 82.9% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 227,007 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $21,662,000 after buying an additional 102,874 shares during the last quarter.  Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its stake in  American Financial Group by 0.5% in the first quarter. Mackenzie Financial Corp now owns 6,452 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $616,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter.  Creative Planning increased its stake in  American Financial Group by 3.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 11,173 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,066,000 after buying an additional 336 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in  American Financial Group by 12.8% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 789,135 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $75,299,000 after buying an additional 89,730 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  61.90% of the company’s stock. 


 Get American Financial Group Inc. alerts:



Shares of American Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE AFG) opened at 100.94 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $8.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.76 and a beta of 0.83. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $100.06 and its 200 day moving average price is $95.35. American Financial Group, Inc. has a 12-month low of $71.30 and a 12-month high of $103.19. 





American Financial Group (NYSE:AFG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The insurance provider reported $1.69 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.37 by $0.32. The company had revenue of $1.58 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. American Financial Group had a return on equity of 11.11% and a net margin of 10.62%. American Financial Group’s revenue was up 6.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.25 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  American Financial Group, Inc. will post $6.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Investors of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a $0.3125 dividend. This represents a $1.25 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.24%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. American Financial Group’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 15.82%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/meeder-asset-management-inc-invests-583000-in-american-financial-group-inc-afg.html. 
Several analysts have issued reports on AFG shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded American Financial Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $112.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, May 8th. BidaskClub downgraded American Financial Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $92.00.
In related news, CEO S Craig Lindner sold 26,475 shares of American Financial Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $99.46, for a total value of $2,633,203.50. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CEO Carl H. Lindner III sold 56,353 shares of American Financial Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $102.17, for a total value of $5,757,586.01. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 375,215 shares of company stock worth $37,465,772. 14.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About American Financial Group
American Financial Group, Inc (AFG) is a holding company engaged primarily in property and casualty insurance businesses. The Company, through Great American Insurance Group, focuses on commercial products for businesses, and is engaged in the sale of fixed and fixed-indexed annuities in the retail, financial institutions and education markets.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:AFG).







Receive News & Ratings for American Financial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Financial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















North America - Investec Specialist Bank


























































International

International
South Africa
Australia
Ireland
Switzerland
India
United Kingdom









/content/investec/investec/investec-com
 


Search

Search











Log in
Log in



Investec Online


Private Banking Switzerland


Wealth & Investment UK


Forex Ireland


Wealth & Investment Guernsey


Channel Islands Intermediary


Broker Portal Ireland


Securities Research


E-clipse forex trading


Broker Link


W&I Ireland (Client View)


Home Loans Australia


Asset Management Indicator











































Home


Products & Services











Mauritius




Specialised Finance and Lending






Treasury and Deposits 













Financial Information














Channel Islands


















North America




Power & Infrastructure Finance






Fund Finance




















Switzerland












Hong Kong












India


















International




Banking Services






Finance and Lending






Investing






Treasury & Trading





















Research & Insights











Industry News











DNB moves gold stocks back to Amsterdam






Chinese leader re-assures New Zealanders on trade deal






South Africa inflation inside target rate again






IMF head urges G20 leaders to deliver






Taxes tip Japanese economy back into recession






German economy returns to growth






India and USA deal revives world trade package




















Feature Articles




China named biggest global goods trader






G20 leaders gather for growth summit






First Bitcoin securities fraud case underway






WTO spells out importance of the developing nations






Crisis negotiations continue on world trade deal






Asian markets steady on US jobs data






United Nations to discuss small and micro businesses




















Insights




"I came into a world of iron …to make a world of gold" - Jacques de Vos






Unlocking the door for the mid-market private rented sector 






Investec Private Equity Insights 2013: perception, evolution and innovation






Outlook for the Gilt Market






The limitations of best-buy mortgage tables




















Economy




Spotlight on Economics - by Philip Shaw






Economic Research - by Annabel Bishop














The Forward Curve - Global power insights and trends



















About Investec











Who we are




Our Values






Group Strategy






Corporate Structure






Corporate Governance














Sustainability


















What we do




Specialist Banking






Wealth & Investment






Asset Management














Careers


















Investec Sponsorship




Investec Test Cricket






Investec Derby






Hockey






Rugby














Contact Us


















Investor Relations




Financial Information




















SENS Announcements














Investec Press









































x


We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site. To find out more see our Cookies Policy. By continuing to use our website without changing the settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.




Accept Cookies


























Did you know your browser is out of date?
				            It is strongly recommended that you use an alternative browser.
				        
Do it Later

Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera
Internet Explorer

x

















Home
/


Products & Services
/






















Top



							Print page
						



							Email this
						





Share






Share this page















Connect with us






































North America


























Investec Securities (US) LLC is a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) specialist broker-dealer focusing on equities of the United Kingdom, South Africa, Ireland, Hong Kong and India.
Research Distribution
Investec Group possesses research teams in the United Kingdom, South Africa, Ireland and Hong Kong. Investec Securities distributes third-party affiliate research to its client base in the United States and Canada. For more information about Investec’s United Kingdom, South African, Irish, Hong Kong and Indian research products, please see the links below:

UK - Investec Bank plc
SA - Investec Securities Limited
IR - Investec Bank plc
HK - Investec Capital Asia Limited
IN - Investec Capital Services (India) Private Limited


Corporate Access
Investec Securities brings analysts, corporate officers and policy makers to its institutional client base to discuss the markets, corporate progress and political considerations affecting investments.
Intermediation
Investec Securities intermediates securities transactions for major US institutional investors pursuant to US Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15a-6.


























Press Releases

08 January 2015: Sunrun and Investec Close $195 Million in Financing for U.S. Residential Solar Projects
SAN FRANCISCO and NEW YORK – Sunrun, the largest dedicated residential solar company in the U.S., and Investec Inc. and Investec Bank plc (together “Investec”) today announced the close of $195 million of senior credit facilities to support the growth of Sunrun’s residential solar business. Read more

17 December 2014: Fortistar closes $215 million acquisition financing
Investec Bank plc (“Investec”) is pleased to announce the closing of a $215 million financing for an investor group led by Fortistar LLC (“Fortistar”) to acquire Primary Energy Recycling Corporation (TSX: PRI)(“Primary Energy”). Read more






































Mauritius

Mauritius Online Forex

Communiques

Investec Mauritius Visa Platinum Debit Cards

Specialised Finance and Lending

Treasury and Deposits 

Financial Information

Tip-offs and Complaints

Bank of Mauritius Template on Fees, Charges and Commissions



Hong Kong

Hong Kong Wealth & Investment

Risk Disclosure Statements

Hong Kong Corporate Finance

Hong Kong Securities



North America

Strategic Equity

Home

Fund Finance



Channel Islands

International

advisory-services

Banking Services

Finance and Lending

Investing

Treasury & Trading



India

Power & Infrastructure Finance

What we do

Power Finance

Transport

PPP/ Social Infrastructure

Meet the team

Our Deals

Sponsorship & Awards



Natural Resources

Global contacts

International Coverage Map

International Platform Map

Selected recent transactions

Accolades



United States

Switzerland



















General Enquiries



Email me


Request call back












































			Accessibility







			Legal







			Security Advice







			Contact Us







			Indices







			Investor Relations






Mobile site








Copyright Investec 2016





















































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































