










 







Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC - Residential- Klingensmith  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    6128 Innovation Way  
    Carlsbad, CA, 92009Phone: 760-364-6750 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


New


$1,345,000


$1,345,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Alex Klingensmith 
 Director 















SEC Info - Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC - Filings










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In



Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC    SEC # 1689735






    Click to view...      Registrant      About      Filings      Files      Relationships      Names      Topics      Web       


1  SEC Filing  on  12/6/16

E-Mail:    Send me notifications of all future filings involving Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC 
Most-Recent:   D — Notice of an Offering of Securities Made Without Registration — Form D — as Filer 
All:    filed as:    Filer    “Owner”    “Issuer”    Filing Agent 




  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
Documents & Exhibits  as  Filer or “Owner” Last Filing  Type   Description Documents    12/6/16DRegistrations:  Notice of an Offering of Securities Made Without Registration — Form D1No Documents  as  Subject Company or “Issuer”↑Top
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 06:56:07.0 GMT 


Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC
List of persons related to the company Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001689735IRS Number: 812661872Company address: 6128 INNOVATION WAY  CARLSBAD 92009Phone number: 760-364-6750



People related to Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryKlingensmith  Alex6128 Innovation Way CarlsbadCA




Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC on the Web
Related companiesInvictus Capital Inc., INVICTUS FINANCIAL INC., Invictus Medical, Inc., Invictus Opportunity Fund, L.P., Invictus Opportunity GP Coinvest, L.P., Invictus Opportunity Offshore Feeder, L.P., Invictus Trading, LLC












 








Invictus Trading, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Invictus Trading, LLC
List of persons related to the company Invictus Trading, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Invictus Trading, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001661810IRS Number: 473138788Company address: 1150 FIRST AVENUE, SUITE 5081  KING OF PRUSSIA 19406Phone number: 484-868-9499



People related to Invictus Trading, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryn/a  VK Capital Management LLC384 Highgate Drive AmblerPA




Invictus Trading, LLC on the Web
Related companiesInvictus Capital Inc., INVICTUS FINANCIAL INC., Invictus Medical, Inc., Invictus Opportunity Fund, L.P., Invictus Opportunity GP Coinvest, L.P., Invictus Opportunity Offshore Feeder, L.P., Invictus Total Return Real Estate Fund 1, LLC












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Business Credit Info | Business Credit Info for Business Owners, Entrepreneurs, and Real Estate Investors




































 























        Copyright © 2016 Business Credit Info. All rights
        reserved.     






Business Credit Info


Business Credit Info for Business Owners, Entrepreneurs, and Real Estate Investors



Skip to content

Home
Business Financing
Business FAQs
Real Estate Financing
Real Estate FAQs
Contact Us
 











Business & Real Estate Financing
















Business & Real Estate Financing
















Get Up to $1,000,000!




Funding Needed




        Select
        $10,000
        $25,000
        $50,000
        $100,000
        $200,000
        $500,000
        $1,000,000




 First Name
 
Last Name



Email






Phone

























This website is Safe & Secure!Any personal information is protectedby GoDaddy's SSL Certificate.


 








APPLY NOW




GET APPROVED




GET FUNDS










Hello world!

Posted on December 31, 2013 by busscredit-admin 

Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start blogging!








Search for:



 

Copyright © 2016 Business Credit Info. All rights reserved.Earnings Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap
888-350-7001





	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started

















































		Global Real Estate Fund - Summary
		
	 | American Century Investments ®
































































/jspincludes/login/login_include.jsp
American Century Investments















/sd/funds/fund_search_json









Loading fund data JavaScript is required to view this data.






Global Diversification, High Total Return Potential. Global Real Estate is a portfolio diversifier that’s designed to deliver high returns and income through investments in real estate investment trusts (REITs) and real estate companies around the world.

Invest Now










/sd/customer/portfolio_json
1.800.345.2021




Growth, Income, Diversification
Global Real Estate invests in a non-traditional asset class that has historically delivered:

Capital appreciation and dividend income
Inflation hedging potential from ability to raise rental income as inflation rates rise

Top-Down, Bottom-Up Approach
The fund is actively managed by veteran real estate investors with a process that’s designed to:

Deliver pure exposure to public REITs and real estate companies worldwide
Combine top-down country and sector allocation with bottom-up security selection
Build country and company positions based on fundamentals and relative valuations

Global Opportunity Set
The worldwide commercial real estate market may continue to be attractive to investors:

Improving growth propsects in many economies provide a favorable backdrop for property stocks
The supply of REITs is growing as developed markets embrace securitization
A limited supply of newly developed properties in key markets may create a favorable pricing environment

A Note About Risk
Due to the limited focus of this fund, it may experience greater volatility than funds with a broader investment strategy. It is not intended to serve as a complete investment program by itself. This fund may be subject to many of the same risks as a direct investment in real estate. These risks include changes in economic conditions, interest rates, property values, property tax increases, overbuilding and increased competition, environmental contamination, zoning and natural disasters. This is due to the fact that the value of the fund’s investments may be affected by the value of the real estate owned by the companies in which it invests. To the extent the fund invests in companies that make loans to real estate companies, the fund also may be subject to interest rate risk and credit risk. International investing involves special risks, such as political instability and currency fluctuations. There is no guarantee that the investment objectives will be met. Dividends and yields represent past performance and there is no guarantee that they will continue to be paid.
Diversification does not assure a profit nor does it protect against loss of principal.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.




 Fund Fact Sheet




More





Rating & Rankings


        Loading Ratings and Rankings ...
        JavaScript is required to view this data






For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Morningstar ratings are based upon Investor class of shares, unless otherwise indicated. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating™ for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



N1

The Morningstar Investment Style Box™ reveals a fund's investment strategy. For the equity holdings in the fund's portfolio, the vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend or growth).







Loading Lipper Data ... JavaScript is required to view this data.





Fund Management




Steven Brown


            Senior Vice President,
            Senior Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Steven's
        Biography
        



Steven Rodriguez


            Portfolio Manager
            
        

View
            
            Steven's
        Biography
        







Data reflects past performance for Investor Class shares, assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than data shown. Investment return and principal value fluctuates. Redemption value may be more or less than original cost. Obtain performance data current to the most recent month end. For additional share class information, consult the prospectus. Extraordinary performance is attributable in part to unusually favorable market conditions and may not be repeated or consistently achieved in the future.





Due to the limited focus of this fund, it may experience greater volatility than funds with a broader investment strategy. It is not intended to serve as a complete investment program by itself. Understanding inherent risks such as interest rate fluctuation, credit risk and economic conditions are important when considering an investment in real estate. The fund is classified as nondiversified. Because it is nondiversified, it may hold large positions in a small number of securities. To the extent it maintains such positions; a price change in any one of those securities may have a greater impact on the fund's share price than if it were diversified.
International investing involves special risks, such as political instability and currency fluctuations.
W2 If your account falls below the minimum balance, you will be notified and given 90 days to meet the minimum. If the deadline is not met, American Century Investments may redeem the shares in the account and send the proceeds to the address of record.



C

Expense ratios provided are the funds' total annual operating expense ratios, gross of any fee waivers or expense reimbursements. Expense ratios are as of the funds' most current prospectus.





Lipper rankings are based on average annual total returns. Portions of the mutual fund performance information contained on this page were supplied by Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright 2017 © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Performance data is preliminary and subject to revision. Rankings are based on all classes available within the classification as of the date shown. Rankings are based only on the universe shown.





©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Certain information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.





Source: MSCI. Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) makes no express or implied warranties or representations and shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to any MSCI data contained herein. The MSCI data may not be further redistributed or used to create indices or financial products. This report is not approved or produced by MSCI.





©2017 Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved. For intended recipient only. No further distribution and/or reproduction permitted. Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P") does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any data or information contained herein and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such data or information. S&P GIVES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE IN CONNECTION TO THE DATA OR INFORMATION INCLUDED HEREIN. In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages in connection with recipient's use of such data or information.





FTSE International Limited ("FTSE") © FTSE 2017. FTSE® is a trade mark of London Stock Exchange Plc and The Financial Times Limited and is used by FTSE under license. All rights in the FTSE indices and / or FTSE ratings vest in FTSE and/or its licensors. Neither FTSE nor its licensors accept any liability for any errors or omissions in the FTSE indices and / or FTSE ratings or underlying data. No further distribution of FTSE Data is permitted without FTSE's express written consent.









Quick Facts

Loading quick facts data... JavaScript is required to view this data.








Distribution




























RealEstateRealReturn Strategy Fund INST | PIMCO























































PIMCO 







































Log in to PIMCO.comorRegister
Access my Account



Saved Content 





















Saved Content
You have not saved any content. None of the information on this page is directed at any investor or category of investors.







Delete
Share














Manage Subscriptions





Back


Your Email Address






Recipient Email Address






Optional Message







Send Email



You are sharing 0 items:








My Profile

Order Materials
Manage Subscriptions

Morningstar Hypo Tool












Home >
Investments >
Mutual Funds >
RealEstateRealReturn Strategy Fund >
        
             INST
            


RealEstateRealReturn Strategy Fund
PRRSX
Updated July 27, 2017








Loading...




































Share



Add



Download



Print



Subscribe













INST
TAP









DAILY NAV
                
                $8.38
            

DAILY YTD RETURN
                3.19%
            

DAILY SINCE INCEPTION RETURN
                12.67%
            

CLASS
                Real Asset
            

FUND INCEPTION DATE
                10/30/2003
            

TOTAL NET ASSETS
                $1,824 MM
                    (as of 06/30/2017)






TOTAL NET ASSETS
                        $1,824 MM
                            (as of 06/30/2017)


TICKER
                        PRRSX
                    

CLASS
                        Real Asset
                    

MORNINGSTAR RATING












A




C




D




P














Objective

            Seeks maximum real return, consistent with prudent investment management
        
Primary Portfolio

            Real estate-linked derivatives backed by a portfolio of inflation indexed and other fixed income securities
        



























Overview






Fund Overview
Capture the inflation-hedging potential of real estate
Harnessing PIMCO’s innovative Double Real® approach, the fund seeks to capture the performance potential of a broad real estate investment trust (REIT) index backed by a collateral portfolio of Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS).
Why Invest In This Fund
A Double Real inflation hedge 
The fund seeks to capture the performance potential of real estate through derivative exposure to the broad-based Dow Jones U.S. Select Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) Index. This exposure is collateralized with a portfolio of TIPS that provide additional return and inflation hedging potential.
Diversification potential
Real estate has a low correlation, or tendency not to move in lockstep, with stock and bond returns. This gives real estate the potential to enhance returns and lower risk in a diversified investment portfolio. Of course, diversification cannot guarantee a profit or protect against loss.
Combined expertise
The fund combines the benefits of real estate as an asset class with the industry leading experience of PIMCO as an active manager of real estate-linked derivatives and TIPS collateral.
Our Expertise
The strategy is managed by veteran real return investors Mihir Worah, CIO Real Return and Asset Allocation and head of the real return and multi-asset portfolio management teams, Nicholas Johnson and Jeremie Banet. PIMCO, a leading global manager in inflation-related assets, launched its first enhanced index strategy more than two decades ago and its first real estate-linked strategy in 2002 


PRIMARY BENCHMARK
Dow Jones U.S. Select REIT Total Return Index
PRIMARY BENCHMARK DESCRIPTION
The Dow Jones U.S. Select Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) Total Return Index is a subset of the Dow Jones Americas Select Real Estate Securities Index (RESI) and includes only REITs and REIT-like securities. The objective of the index is to measure the performance of publicly traded real estate securities. The indexes are designed to serve as proxies for direct real estate investment, in part by excluding companies whose performance may be driven by factors other than the value of real estate. It is not possible to invest directly in the index. Prior to April 1st, 2009, this index was named Dow Jones Wilshire REIT Total Return Index.

                        DIVIDEND FREQUENCY
                        
                    


                        Quarterly
                        
                    
SHARE CLASS INCEPTION
10/30/2003
CUSIP

                        72200Q257
                    











Managers












Mihir P. Worah
CIO Asset Allocation and Real Return 
View Profile










Jeremie Banet
Portfolio Manager, Real Return 
View Profile








Nicholas J. Johnson
Porfolio Manager, Commodities 
View Profile










Yields & Distributions







RealEstateRealReturn Strategy Fund
 (PRRSX)



Class A
Class C
Class D
Class INST
Class P




 
                Start Date              
                  
                End Date
                 

Export



PIMS


The inception date for this share class is 10/30/2003.

Note: This fund performed a reverse share split on 08/07/2015










Date
            
NAV
            
Chg
            
Chg %
            
Distribution Rates
                    







Disclosures 




Performance quoted represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee or a reliable indicator of future results. Investment return and the principal value of an investment will fluctuate. Shares may be worth more or less than original cost when redeemed. Current performance may be lower or higher than performance shown. For performance current to the most recent month-end, visit www.PIMCO.com/investments or call (888) 87-PIMCO.

This material is authorized for use only when preceded or accompanied by the current PIMCO funds prospectus or summary prospectus, if available and the current fund card.

A word about risk: Investing in the bond market is subject to certain risks including market, interest-rate, issuer, credit, and inflation risk; investments may be worth more or less than the original cost when redeemed. The value of most bond funds and fixed income securities are impacted by changes in interest rates.Bonds and bond funds with longer durations tend to be more sensitive and more volatile than securities with shorter durations;bond prices generally fall as interest rates rise. Investing in foreign denominated and/or domiciled securities may involve heightened risk due to currency fluctuations,and economic and political risks, which may be enhanced in emerging markets. High-yield,lower-rated, securities involve greater risk than higher-rated securities; portfolios that invest in them may be subject to greater levels of credit and liquidity risk than portfolios that do not. Equities may decline in value due to both real and perceived general market, economic and industry conditions. Investments in value securities involve the risk the market's value assessment may differ from the manager and the performance of the securities may decline. Derivatives may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity, interest rate, market, credit, management and the risk that a position could not be closed when most advantageous. Investing in derivatives could lose more than the amount invested. Diversification does not ensure against loss.

No part of this material may be reproduced in any form, or referred to in any other publication, without express written. ©2017, PIMCO.

PIMCO advised funds are distributed by PIMCO Investments LLC.










Date
            
Dividend Distribution ($/Share)
            
Special Cash Dividend Distribution ($/Share)
                    
Long Term Capital Gains Distribution ($/Share)
                    
Short Term Capital Gains Distribution ($/Share)
                    







Disclosures 




Performance quoted represents past performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and the principal value of an investment will fluctuate. Shares may be worth more or less than original cost when redeemed. Current performance may be lower or higher than performance shown. Performance quoted does not reflect any sales charges, if applicable, and performance would be lower if it did.

  This material is authorized for use only when preceded or accompanied by the current PIMCO funds prospectus or summary prospectus, if available and the current fund card.

A word about risk: Investing in the bond market is subject to certain risks including market, interest-rate, issuer, credit, and inflation risk; investments may be worth more or less than the original cost when redeemed. The value of most bond funds and fixed income securities are impacted by changes in interest rates.Bonds and bond funds with longer durations tend to be more sensitive and more volatile than securities with shorter durations;bond prices generally fall as interest rates rise. Investing in foreign denominated and/or domiciled securities may involve heightened risk due to currency fluctuations,and economic and political risks, which may be enhanced in emerging markets. High-yield,lower-rated, securities involve greater risk than higher-rated securities; portfolios that invest in them may be subject to greater levels of credit and liquidity risk than portfolios that do not. Equities may decline in value due to both real and perceived general market, economic and industry conditions. Investments in value securities involve the risk the market's value assessment may differ from the manager and the performance of the securities may decline. Derivatives may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity, interest rate, market, credit, management and the risk that a position could not be closed when most advantageous. Investing in derivatives could lose more than the amount invested. Diversification does not ensure against loss.

 No part of this material may be reproduced in any form, or referred to in any other publication, without express written. ©2017, PIMCO.

PIMCO advised funds are distributed by PIMCO Investments LLC.














Historical Prices & Distributions








Distribution Yield (At Nav) 
1
                    as of 06/30/2017 
1.37%


30 - Day SEC Yield2
                    as of 06/30/2017
3.41%


30 - Day SEC Yield2
                    as of 07/27/2017
-


Latest Dividend Distribution ($ Share)3
                    as of 06/15/2017 

                    $0.02858


Dividend Distribution (YTD) 4
                    as of 06/15/2017                 
                
$0.06978







Yields & Distributions Footnotes & Disclosures


disclosures
1The distribution yield for monthly paying Funds is calculated by annualizing actual dividends distributed for the monthly period ended on the date shown and dividing by the net asset value on the last business day for the same period. The distribution yield for quarterly paying Funds is calculated by taking the average of the prior four quarterly distribution yields. The quarterly distribution yields are calculated by annualizing actual dividends distributed for the quarterly period ended on the most recent quarterly distribution date and dividing by the net asset value for the same date. The distribution yield for annual paying Funds is calculated by taking the annual distribution divided by the Fund’s net asset value on ex-date. The yield is annualized if the Fund incepted less than a year ago.   The yield does not include long- or short-term capital gains distributions.
2The 30-Day SEC yield is an annualized yield based on the most recent 30 day period.
3Data does not include special cash dividends.
4Data is based on distributions since the most recent calendar year end and does not include special cash dividends.

             The SEC yield is an annualized yield based on the most recent 30 day period. The fund’s yield quotation includes an adjustment to the principal value of the TIPS securities to reflect changes in the government’s official inflation rate, if any; changes in the government’s official inflation rate can cause the fund’s yield to vary substantially from one month to the next. At times, including during periods of deflation, the SEC yield calculation may result in a negative number. If the current 30-day SEC yield is denoted with a “‡,” we believe it is attributable to a rise in the inflation rate, and might not be repeated.
Due to the consolidation of operations and permanence of the fund’s fee waivers, such waivers do not materially affect the fund’s SEC yield.
        

             Unless stated, the Fund does not have an unsubsidized yield.
        











Fees & Expenses








Management Fee
            
-


Total Expense Ratio (excluding interest expense)
            
0.74%


Total Expense Ratio (including interest expense)
            
0.94%






Unified Fee
            
-






Management Fee (%)
            
0.94%


Management Expense Ratio (%)
            
-






Management Fee
            
-


Total Annual Operating Expenses
                0.74%


Net Operating Expenses
            
0.94%


Repurchase Fee (shares held one year or less)
            
-






Total Annual Management Costs %
                -






Total Annual Operating Expenses
                0.94%















                Prices & Performance
                
            


Morningstar Hypo Tool




Daily Statistics
All data as of 07/27/2017



NAV 
            

                $8.38
                
            
One Day Return
            
0.12%


Daily Change 
            

                $0.01
                
            
Daily YTD Return
            
3.19%
Daily Since Inception Return
            
12.67%


Click here to view Historical Prices






Average Annual Returns
Cumulative Returns




All data as of 






                                    Daily 
                                



                                    Month End
                                


                                    Quarter End
                                




Nav
Mop













All data as of 






                                    Daily 
                                    



                                    Month End
                                


                                    Quarter End
                                




ResetNav
ResetMop













Click here to view the Price and Performance for all Mutual Funds




Performance quoted represents past performance and is not a guarantee or a reliable indicator of future results. Investment return and the principal value of an investment will fluctuate. Shares may be worth more or less than original cost when redeemed. Current performance may be lower or higher than average annual returns shown. Performance quoted does not reflect any sales charges, if applicable, and performance would be lower if it did.


Differences in the Fund’s performance versus the index and related attribution information with respect to particular categories of securities or individual positions may be attributable, in part, to differences in the pricing methodologies used by the Fund and the index.
        


No assurance is being made that any fund that may have experienced high or unusual performance for one or more periods will continue to experience such performance. High performance is defined as an unusual growth in alpha between reporting periods or total return when measured to historical returns. Unusual performance is defined as an unusual change in performance (+/-) between reporting periods and the portfolio experienced unusual performance for one or more periods.
        







Market NAV



Product
Class
Ticker
Market NAV as of 






Market-Based NAV (Per Share): The Market-Based NAV is the net asset value per share, calculated using available market quotations (or an appropriate substitute that reflects current market conditions) rounded to the fourth decimal place.  The Market-Based NAV is not indicative of future Market-Based NAVs or the future performance of any of the Funds and classes set forth above. The Market-Based NAV may change daily and may deviate from $1.0000 even when financial markets are stable. Although the Market-Based NAV is intended to reflect the price at which a Fund's securities could be sold, the actual sales price could be more or less.


Money Market funds are not insured or guaranteed by FDIC or any other government agency and although such funds seek to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in Money Market funds.










Calendar Year Returns %
        
    
All data as of 













Growth of $10,000 (hypothetical)














Morningstar and Lipper

Morningstar Ratings
Lipper Rankings







View Lipper Rankings for all funds










Prices & Performance Footnotes & Disclosures


disclosures

             Performance figures presented reflect the total return performance after fees and reflect changes in share price and reinvestment of dividend and capital gain distributions on the payable date. All periods longer than one year are annualized.
        

             Total return performance does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder would pay on fund distributions or the redemption of fund shares. The minimum initial investment for Institutional class shares is $1 million; however, it may be modified for certain financial intermediaries who submit trades on behalf of eligible investors.
        

             Daily YTD return is from the most recent calendar year end.
        

             Growth of $10,000 is calculated at NAV and assumes that all dividend and capital gain distributions were reinvested. It does not take into account sales charges or the effect of taxes. Results are not indicative of future performance.
        

Past performance is not a guarantee or a reliable indicator of future results. For funds with at least a 3-yr history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating based on a risk-adjusted return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees) with an emphasis on downward variations and consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating is a weighted average of the performance figures for its 3-, 5- and 10-yr (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Morningstar, Inc.® 2017. All rights reserved. The information contained herein; (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its affiliates; (2) may not be copied or distributed; (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Hollow stars represent a class of shares with inception dates that is different than the inception date of the fund. For the period prior to the inception date of these shares, performance information is based on the performance of the fund’s Institutional Class shares, adjusted to reflect the actual distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees and other expenses paid by the newer share class.
        

             The Lipper Category returns and rankings are calculated by Lipper Inc., a Reuters Company, which is a nationally recognized organization that compares the performance of mutual funds with similar investment objectives. The Category returns represent the average performance of included funds, while rankings compare an individual fund's returns to those of the other funds in its category. Both are based on total return performance, with capital gains and dividends reinvested, with annual operating expenses deducted, but without including front- or back-end sales charges. Rankings begin with the actual share class inception. Rankings are relative to a peer group and do not necessarily mean that the fund had high total returns.
        











Portfolio Composition


All data as of  unless otherwise stated













                    Real Estate Sectors - MV%
                





















Apartments
                                    
340121183.16
18.64
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Office Property
                                    
261679069.11
14.34
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Regional Malls
                                    
231828178.70
12.70
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Diversified
                                    
226343567.70
12.40
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Health Care
                                    
216614282.85
11.87
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Warehouse/Industry
                                    
141488061.42
7.75
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Shopping Centers
                                    
134296811.52
7.36
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Storage
                                    
121958136.89
6.68
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Hotels
                                    
117157381.20
6.42
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Manufactured Homes
                                    
45146368.37
2.47
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-






                    Collateral Portfolio Allocation Duration in Years
                





















Inflation Linked Bonds
                                    














United States
                                            
1505415831.91
82.45
114.44
3.42
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


United Kingdom
                                            
5315173.45
0.29
4.36
0.13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Europe
                                            
-95182.30
-0.01
-0.01
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Canada
                                            
5295005.92
0.29
0.79
0.02
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Other
                                            
26915553.74
1.47
4.75
0.14
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Other Short Duration Instruments
                                            
-227818296.47
-12.48
3.43
0.10
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Non Inflation Linked Bonds
                                    














US Government Related
                                            
-151165338.94
-8.28
-16.74
-0.50
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Mortgage
                                            
55064839.73
3.02
2.11
0.06
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Invest. Grade Credit
                                            
51016975.13
2.79
1.49
0.04
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


High Yield Credit
                                            
-24253591.40
-1.33
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Non-U.S. Developed
                                            
-52815507.70
-2.89
-16.91
-0.50
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Emerging Markets
                                            
52985448.04
2.90
3.41
0.10
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


EM Short Duration Instruments

                                            
5762635.71
0.32
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Municipal
                                            
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
-
-
-
-


Other
                                            
328516344.21
17.99
0.01
0.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Net Other Short Duration Instruments
                                            
245751686.18
13.46
-1.15
-0.03
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-






                    Summary Characteristics - Index
                





















Stocks in Portfolio
                                    
-
104
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


P/E Ratio (Forward)
                                    
-
38.12
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Median Market Cap ($US MM)

                                    
-
13,506.12
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


P/E Ratio (Trailing)
                                    
-
33.07
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Weighted Avg Market Cap ($US MM)
                                    
-
16,928.58
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-








                    Risk Characteristics  (Trailing 3 Years)
                




Name

Measure
Duration













Standard Deviation
                                    
-
17.25
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Sharpe Ratio5

-
0.52
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Information Ratio6

-
0.07
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-


Tracking Error7

-
3.88
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-






                    Duration in Years
                





















Effective Duration (yrs)
                                    
-
2.99
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-





June 30, 2017



Portfolio Composition Footnotes & Disclosures


disclosures
5The Sharpe Ratio measures the risk-adjusted performance. The risk-free rate is subtracted from the rate of return for a portfolio and the result is divided by the standard deviation of the portfolio returns.
6The information ratio is defined as the portfolio's excess return per unit of risk, or tracking error. For example, an information ratio of 1 means that a portfolio manager generates 100 basis points, or one percent of excess return for every 100 basis points of risk taken.
7Tracking error, a measure of risk, is defined as the standard deviation of the portfolio's excess return vs. the benchmark expressed in percent.

             Portfolio information in the charts is based on the fund's net assets. These percentages may differ from those used for the fund's compliance calculations, including the fund's prospectus, regulatory, and other investment limitations and policies, which may be based on total assets of the fund or other measurements, may include or exclude various categories of investments from those covered in the portfolio allocation categories shown in this report, and may be based on different classifications and measurements of the fund’s investments and other criteria.
        

             References to specific sectors, securities or issuers are for illustrative purposes only. All holdings are subject to change daily. All share classes have the same portfolio but different expenses.
        

             Duration is a measure of a portfolio’s price sensitivity expressed in years. Effective duration is the duration for a bond with an embedded option when the value is calculated to include the expected change in cash flow caused by the option as interest rates change.
        

             Index exposure may not equal 100% due to market value changes in the derivatives and overall portfolio.
        











 Documents



Signup for eDelivery of Regulatory Documents

Tax Center






See More



            Please select one or more documents to take an action.
        

The highlighted items cannot be shared.
The highlighted items cannot be added to my contents.
The highlighted items cannot be subscribed to.
The highlighted items cannot be ordered.
Please resubmit request to proceed.








RELATED






Subscription Center
Receive the latest industry-leading insights
 from PIMCO’s experts.
SUBSCRIBE NOW >














Global Update
PIMCO's  monthly review of global 
 market-moving events.
View >













Smart Charts
Access our library of economic and market charts that you can download, save and more.
VIEW NOW >













Disclosures 




Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the funds carefully before investing. This and other information are contained in the fund’s prospectus and summary prospectus, if available, which may be obtained by contacting your investment professional or PIMCO representative.   Please read them carefully before you invest or send money.


             Double Real refers to a strategy that looks to provide exposure to two asset classes (real estate and TIPS) that have historically had a positive correlation to inflation.


A word about risk:

 
Investing in the bond market is subject to risks, including market, interest rate, issuer, credit, inflation risk, and liquidity risk. The value of most bonds and bond strategies are impacted by changes in interest rates. Bonds and bond strategies with longer durations tend to be more sensitive and volatile than those with shorter durations; bond prices generally fall as interest rates rise, and the current low interest rate environment increases this risk. Current reductions in bond counterparty capacity may contribute to decreased market liquidity and increased price volatility. Bond investments may be worth more or less than the original cost when redeemed. Inflation-linked bonds (ILBs) issued by a government are fixed-income securities whose principal value is periodically adjusted according to the rate of inflation; ILBs decline in value when real interest rates rise. Sovereign securities are generally backed by the issuing government, obligations of U.S. Government agencies and authorities are supported by varying degrees but are generally not backed by the full faith of the U.S. Government; portfolios that invest in such securities are not guaranteed and will fluctuate in value. Investing in foreign denominated and/or domiciled securities may involve heightened risk due to currency fluctuations, and economic and political risks, which may be enhanced in emerging markets. REITs are subject to risk, such as poor performance by the manager, adverse changes to tax laws or failure to qualify for tax-free pass-through of income. Mortgage and asset-backed securities may be sensitive to changes in interest rates, subject to early repayment risk, and their value may fluctuate in response to the market’s perception of issuer creditworthiness; while generally supported by some form of government or private guarantee there is no assurance that private guarantors will meet their obligations. High-yield, lower-rated, securities involve greater risk than higher-rated securities; portfolios that invest in them may be subject to greater levels of credit and liquidity risk than portfolios that do not. Equities may decline in value due to both real and perceived general market, economic, and industry conditions. Derivatives may involve certain costs and risks such as liquidity, interest rate, market, credit, management and the risk that a position could not be closed when most advantageous. Investing in derivatives could lose more than the amount invested. Diversification does not ensure against loss.

        

             Investments made by a Fund and the results achieved by a Fund are not expected to be the same as those made by any other PIMCO-advised Fund, including those with a similar name, investment objective or policies.  A new or smaller Fund’s performance may not represent how the Fund is expected to or may perform in the long-term.  New Funds have limited operating histories for investors to evaluate and new and smaller Funds may not attract sufficient assets to achieve investment and trading efficiencies.  A Fund may be forced to sell a comparatively large portion of its portfolio to meet significant shareholder redemptions for cash, or hold a comparatively large portion of its portfolio in cash due to significant share purchases for cash, in each case when the Fund otherwise would not seek to do so, which may adversely affect performance.
        

             This material has been distributed for informational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation of any particular security, strategy or investment product. No part of this material may be reproduced in any form, or referred to in any other publication, without express written permission.
        

Annual Report of Proxy Voting Records, Form N-PX » 
Quarterly Schedule of Portfolio Holdings, Form N-Q » 




CLICK TO VIEW OUR BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLAN, PROXY VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES, OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY.


             PIMCO Investments LLC, distributor, 1633 Broadway, New York, NY 10019, is a company of PIMCO.
        




 

 











Go






                                Americas
                            




Brazil






Canada






Latin America






United States





                                Asia Pacific
                            




Australia






Hong Kong






Japan






Singapore





                                Europe
                            




Belgium






Europe






France






Deutschland






Italia






Luxembourg






Netherlands






España






Switzerland






United Kingdom





                Location not listed? Visit our Global site
            






Save my selection
Launch Site








United States






Global







            Top
    










Cancel
OK



locked
locked
































PIMCO - Investment Management - Global Home | PIMCO































































Please confirm your location
                






Go






                                Americas
                            




Brazil






Canada






Latin America






United States





                                Asia Pacific
                            




Australia






Hong Kong






Japan






Singapore





                                Europe
                            




Belgium






Europe






France






Deutschland






Italia






Luxembourg






Netherlands






España






Switzerland






United Kingdom





                Location not listed? Visit our Global site
            






Save my selection
Launch Site








United States






Global






 
 





            Top
    










Cancel
OK



locked
locked





























