


Printing press feeder static | Printing paper static | Ionix






                       
We eliminate static differently - since 1994
Ionix Static Eliminators for feeder in printing 
presses, die cutters, laminators and other sheet feeding machines feeding paper 
or plastic!
Static on the paper or plastic surfaces of the sheets in 
the machine feeder cause sheets to be electrically attracted to each other and 
resist sheet separation by the feeder. This causes either feeder jams or slower 
running speeds. Installing Ionix Static Eliminators in your feeder air line 
makes your feeder air eliminate those interior surface charges during  
sheet separation. The result is no feeder jams and consistently increased 
running speeds on your machines.
Explanation of Ionix  Static Eliminators in sheet feeders

Static on the surfaces of paper causes the sheets to be  electrically (not magnetically) attracted. The sheets are attracted because there  are opposing charges on each sheet. One sheet has a positive charge and the  facing side has a negative charge. Opposing static charges will neutralize each other is they  are allowed to come in electrical contact with each other. However, in the  paper stack the in feeder, while to the naked eye it appears the sheets are  touching, in reality there is a thin layer of air insulating the sheets preventing  the opposing charges from conducting to one another.
When installed in the main feeder blast/pressure air line,  the feeder pump forces air through Ionix. Air enters the Ionix acting like an  electrical insulator and exits our unit acting like an electrical conductor  (like copper wire). When the feeder blows into the feeder, the air that was  originally in the paper pile acting as electrical insulator is blown out and  replaced with Ionix air acting as an electrical conductor. The charges on the  interior paper surfaces that were before electrically isolated from each other  by the air are now able to conduct through the Ionix electrically conductive  air. The opposing charges on the paper surfaces conduct to each other through  the Ionix air and ground each other out. 
Why Ionix is superior  to electronic ionizers in sheet feeders
Electronic ionizers create a stream of charged air  molecules. It produces a rapid succession of a pulse of negatively charged air  and then a pulse of positively charged air. That air is directed into the paper  stack. When a blast of charged air meets an opposing charge, the ionized  air and paper static charges neutralize each other. At that point, the air has  no more ability to neutralize a charge because it’s charge was used to  eliminate a charge. The ionized air is consumed in the process of eliminating  the static. Also, since opposing charges are attracted to one another  and will neutralize each other, an ionization air stream will neutralize ITSELF  within about 6-12” inches. Therefore, the effective range for ionization is  only about 2” into a stack of paper before it recombines on itself
Ionix has neither of these drawbacks. Since Ionix makes the  air electrically conductive, it is not consumed in the process of neutralizing  static. Ionix treated air is as effective at the rear of the sheet as it is in  the front. The only thing that diminishes the performance of the Ionix treated  air is when the ambient air mixes in with the treated Ionix air. Secondly,  since Ionix does not ionize the air, it does not neutralize itself like an ionizer.  There is no recombinant (or neutralizing itself) effect like there is with ionized air.
When the compressor air goes through the Ionix, the feeder mechanism blows out the air between the paper sheets which is acting like an electrical insulator and replaces it with Ionix air that acts like an electrical conductor which discharges the static on the interior surfaces of the paper. This eliminates the static attraction within the paper in the feeder.
Simple to install 
Ionix is installed on the main blow/pressure line going from the feeder pump 
to the feeder. For optimum results, all the air coming from the feeder pump 
should  go through the Ionix Static Eliminator. Identify that hose and 
measure the inside diameter of the hose. Cut that hose and push the hose ends 
over Ionix. Installation is complete. No electrical wiring is necessary. If you 
machine has more than one feeder pump - such as a side blower pump - that pump 
must also be equipped with Ionix.
Sizing Ionix for sheet fed presses, diecutters and other sheet feeding machines 
feeding paper
Ionix for presses are sized based upon 1. the maximum sheet size of the press and 2. the inside diameter of the main blower air hose. Therefore, in order to install Ionix on a sheet feeding press you must have this information.
For sheet  feeding machines up to 22" (550MM) x 34" (850MM) 
sheet size:
for 1/2" (10MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-2
  for 3/4" (20MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-3
  for 1" (25MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-4
for 1 1/4" (30MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-5
for 1 1/2" (40MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-6
for 1 3/4" (45MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-7
for 2" (50MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-8

For sheet feeding machines over 22" (550MM) up to 26" (650MM) 
x over 34" (850MM) up to 40" (1000MM) sheet size:
for 1/2" (10MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-2
  for 3/4" (20MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-3
  for 1" (25MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-4
  for 1 1/4" (30MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-5
  for 1 1/2" (40MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-6
  for 1 3/4" (45MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-7
  for 2" (50MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-8 
For sheet fed presses feeding plastic or synthetic sheets, install TWO of the appropriate size Ionix for your press in series (one Ionix after another separated by a short section of hose).
For presses other than sheet fed presses, sheeters or sheet fed presses greater than 26" x 40", please contact Ionix at info@ionixtechnologies.com for sizing.
Static on press feeder boards resulting in mis-register 
at head stops
Sometimes press operators will experience paper that will separate and feed but the sheets will not uniformly feed down the feeder board. Either sheets will not jog to the head stops or will not be pulled by the side guide.  This particular static problem is caused by the friction of the feeder tapes moving over the surface of the feeder board. The feeder tapes have a static charge on them which attracts the paper to it while going down the feeder board.
To eliminate feeder board static, Ionix air must be blown between the bottom of the paper going down the feeder board and the top of the feeder board. Since virtually all machines do not have air delivery to these point, it is necessary to fabricate an air delivery system for each particular machine. Please contact Ionix and we will help you install an appropriate air delivery system for your machine.
Ionix Static Eliminators in offset spray powder units improve powder 
laydown resulting in less powder use
Ionix installation in  spray powder systems results in less powder usage and more even spreading of powder. 
Since offset powder is an electrical insulator, when the air pump blows into the offset spray powder, static is generated on the powder by the friction of the moving powder . The static charge on the powder causes the powder to stick together. Therefore, you get excessive powder usage and uneven powder application. 
When you install an Ionix in the air line going from the pump to the spray powder unit, the offset spray powder system is static free. The Ionix treated air which enters the spray powder system eliminates any static present in the powder and prevents its buildup. Less powder is needed since the powder lays down thinner and broader. You will also have less powder buildup on your presses.
Install the Ionix in the pressure air hose going from the compressor to the spray powder unit.
For spray powder units in presses up to 22" (550MM) x 36" (850MM)
for 1/2" (10MM) inside diameter spray powder  air hose: Ionix Model 200-2
  for 3/4" (20MM) inside diameter spray powder air hose: Ionix Model 200-3
  for 1" (25MM) inside diameter spray powder air hose: Ionix Model 200-4

For spray powder units in presses over 22" (550MM) up to 26" (650MM) and over 36" (850MM) up to 40" (1000MM)
for 1/2" (10MM) inside diameter spray powder air hose: Ionix Model 300-2
  for 3/4" (20MM) inside diameter spray powder air hose: Ionix Model 300-3
  for 1" (25MM) inside diameter spray powder air hose: Ionix Model 300-4
Static in press  deliveries
Very few presses have an issue with static causing delivery problems in a sheet fed press. However, since there is no air handling system in the delivery of  sheet fed presses, Ionix cannot be used to eliminate static delivery problems in sheet fed presses if it occurs.
Remember that static eliminators are only effective in eliminating static at the point they are installed. Static eliminators are not static 
preventers. If you do have static in your delivery, installing a static eliminator in your feeder will not solve the static problem in the delivery. Contact Ionix if you are having difficulties with static in press deliveries and we will attempt to help you solve the problem.
Static in web press sheeters
Generally most static issues in web presses occur in the forming cone or at the sheeter cutoff. Ionix has been successfully used in web presses. Please contact Ionix for more details.
30 day satisfaction guarantee!
Use Ionix for 30 days. If your not completely satisfied with your Ionix Static Eliminator, you 
  can return it IN ANY CONDITION for a full and complete refund. Our goal is to solve your static problem to your satisfaction. We warrant our product to be free of defects for 6 months after installation. Replacement is recommended after one year of actual use. 
Questions?
Call 800-246-1784. You can get more information at our home page
www.IonixTechnologies.com
How to Order


Call Ionix at 800-246-1784 
      to order 
    by phone
 
Go to our secure Yahoo! 
      hosted online store 
    www.TheIonixStore.com





 
Ionix Technologies 
PO Box 6228 - Boca Raton FL 33427
Tel: 561-955-8534 (North America toll free - 800-246-1784) 
email: info@ionixtechnologies.com


Copyright (c) 2017 Ionix Technologies. All Rights Reserved.
  Ionix is a registered trademark of Ionix Technologies for static eliminators
  






Dust Free Auto Painting | Prevent Fisheyes






                       
We eliminate static differently
Ionix Static Eliminators for auto, truck, RV, 
motorcycle painting
Perfect finishes are the direct result of superior 
surface preparation before spraying. This is especially true of painting plastic 
or rubber parts. The surfaces must be free of static to prevent the attraction 
of airborne dust. Ionix Static Eliminators are safe to use in

Class 1 Division 1, Groups C & D Explosion Proof environments.
Redos are costly
It is more cost effective for shops to paint perfectly the first time. Redos 
cost you money. Using an Ionix Static Eliminator will pay for itself in 3 hours! At $33 per hour shop rate, all Ionix has to 
  do is save you 3 hours of rework labor and after that you're making money using the Ionix Static Eliminator!
What causes dust and fisheyes in my paint job?
Static on the surface (which can be caused by many factors too numerous to list here) attracts and holds dust which when painted dries 
as a "fisheye" or blemish. Blowing compressed air over the surface DOES NOT dissipate the surface static. If fact, the high air velocities of compressed air blowing on a surface an actually make static worse since the friction of the rapidly flowing air over the surface  creates surface static. All the compressed air does during blowoff is physically push the static charged dust into the air only to be re-attracted to the surface later. By using an Ionix Static Eliminator during blowoff and tacking, you actually dissipate any static present on the surface and on the dust particles prior to painting so neither the surface or the dust are electrically charged and therefore attracted to each other.
Tacking isn't sufficient to prep surfaces for 
perfect finishes
Ionix is superior to tacking since tack cloths only pick up loose dust on 
the surface. The REAL problem is static on the surface to be painted CAUSES dust to be 
attracted to the surface. Unless you eliminate that surface static, the dust 
will return after tacking and you will have reworks.
Tacking creates static. Tack 
cloths have a slight adhesive that causes the dust to stick to the cloth. 
However, adhesives pulled from or across a surface cause static. You can prove 
it at your desk. A roll of scotch tape is like a tack cloth. It has an adhesive 
backing. Quickly pull the tape out of the dispenser and then place your forearm 
close to the gap where the tape separates from the roll. You can feel the static 
charge at that gap through the hairs on your forearm if you put them close to 
the gap. The adhesive pulling from the roll, like a tack cloth across a surface, 
creates static. So even after you tack, the static created during tacking will 
attract more dust which appears as fisheyes or blemishes in your paint jobs. 
Ionix actually eliminates surface static which attracts and holds dust to the 
surface.
Plus tacking is expensive to 
do because it uses so much labor time and their cost. Tack cloths retail for 
about $1 each. If you go through one every 2 days its cheaper to use Ionix! And 
that doesn't even account for the savings in labor dollars it takes to tack 
surfaces.
PLUS - you can blow off the car between coats!
Many painters experience dust on the base coat when they're ready to clear coat. 
With Ionix you can give an additional quick static elimination before the clear 
coat.
Simple to install 
You do not have to use a special hose or air gun to use Ionix. Ionix Static Eliminators can be installed ANYWHERE in the blowoff air line. Ionix 
fits standard 3/8" ID air hoses.
If you have only one air line shared for both blowoff and painting, when you're ready to blow off the surface, attach the Ionix Static Eliminator to the end of the air hose. Blowoff and tack and then remove Ionix Static Eliminator from the air hose and attach 
  paint gun to the air hose when your ready to paint. 
If you have a dedicated air line for blowoff, you can install the Ionix Static Eliminator at the line drop after the regulator. Ionix does not need to be at the end of the air line to be effective. The length of the air hose Ionix is installed on does not 
diminish its ability to dissipate static on the surface.
Simple to use

It's so simple to use that any painter can intuitively understand how to 
use it. Just blow off as you normally do and Ionix will do the rest of the work!

Which model should I order?
That depends on the type and amount of work you do at your shop.
Our basic shop model - Ionix Model AF200 for shops primarily painting sheet metal  - To be directed to the secure Ionix online store 
  to purchase click 
AF200 
or call 800-246-1784.





      Under 50 PSI air hoses
	For primarily sheet metal preparation
	(Picture shows Ionix AF200-2 with optional 25' hose and air gun)


If you are primarily blowing off a metal surface using pressure under 50 psi, order the 
  AF200. You can also use this model to blow off  plastic and rubber parts but it 
just takes a little longer to eliminate the surface static. Kit includes Ionix model 
AF200 and 6" of air hose for each end with a thread for a 3/8" quick connect. Click here for a
brochure. Note: you can also purchase an optional 
25' 3/8" ID air hose and air gun.
Our professional shop model - Ionix Model PL300-2 for shops primarily 
painting plastic and rubber parts - To be directed  to the secure Ionix online store to 
  purchase click PL300-2 
or call 800-246-1784.




      Under 50 psi air hoses
      For shops with the majority of painting being plastic or rubber parts
          
          (Picture shows Ionix PL300-2 with optional 25' hose and air gun)
    


  If a majority of your painting is rubber bumpers or unpainted plastic parts 
using pressure under 50 psi, consider ordering the Ionix model PL300-2. It's higher 
static elimination capacity makes blowoff of rubber and plastic parts faster while it is still effective on sheet metal. Click here for a 
brochure. 
Note picture shows Ionix Model PL 300-2 with the optional 25' hose and air gun 
kit. The Ionix model PL300-2 alone does not include the hose and gun kit which 
you can add to your order.
Our heavy duty model - Ionix Model HPPL300-2 for shops 
primarily using high pressure air lines for surface prep  -  To be directed to the secure Ionix online store to purchase click HPPL300-2 
or call 800-246-1784.




      Over 50 psi to 150 psi air hoses
      Equally effective on sheet metal, plastic and rubber parts
      (Picture shows Ionix HPPL300 with optional 25' hose and air gun) 


 If you are blowing off any surface at pressures exceeding 50 psi (up to 150psi) you must use our high pressure model HPPL300-2. Effective on sheet metal, plastic or rubber parts. Click here for a 
  brochure. Note picture shows Ionix Model HPPL 
300-2 with the optional 25' hose and air gun kit. The Ionix model HPPL300-2 
alone does not include the hose and gun kit which you can add to your order.
30 day satisfaction guarantee!
Use Ionix for 30 days. If your not completely satisfied with your Ionix Static Eliminator, you 
  can return it IN ANY CONDITION for a full and complete refund. Our goal is to solve your static problem to your satisfaction. We warrant our product to be free of defects for 6 months after installation. Replacement is recommended after one year of actual use. Ionix Static 
Eliminators for the auto body repair market have been sold for over 5 years through quality auto body suppliers like Auto Body Toolmart, Collision Services and AutoBodyStore.com.
Questions?
Call 800-246-1784 or go to our web site
www.IonixTechnologies.com or 
email us at info@ionixtechnologies.com
How to Order


Call Ionix at 800-246-1784 
      to order 
    by phone
 
Go to our secure Yahoo! 
      hosted online store 
    www.TheIonixStore.com





 
Ionix Technologies 
PO Box 6228 - Boca Raton FL 33427
Tel: 561-955-8534 (North America toll free - 800-246-1784) 
email: info@ionixtechnologies.com


Copyright (c) 2017 Ionix Technologies. All Rights Reserved.
  Ionix is a registered trademark of Ionix Technologies for static eliminators
  






Printing static | Plastic static | Product Finishing






    
We eliminate static differently - since 1994
 Ionix   Static Eliminators  
 -  Safe - Simple - Cost Effective

How the Ionix static elimination process works
Ionix Static Eliminators are installed in a compressed air line blowing onto the surface or into spaces you are trying to eliminate the static. This can be a hand held air line, an automated blow off air line or air separating mechanical feeding system. This new   technology allows compressed air to act as an electrical conductor after being forced through the Ionix unit. Ionix eliminates   static charges on surfaces by providing a non destructive dissipative path   through the treated air to the attracting opposing electrical charge or electrical ground. 
 Therefore, as a dissipative process,   Ionix units can  automatically and reliably eliminate either positive or negative charges. Since  the process is dissipative, metal in proximity to the Ionix has no detrimental  effect on its performance. Ionix is especially effective in applications where  traditional ionization is not effective. Ionix 
is non-nuclear and environmentally harmless. It can safely be used in hazardous 
environments or where flammable coatings or materials are present.
Since it can be installed in any air line regardless of the presence of metal or distance from the Ionix to the air nozzle, Ionix Static Eliminators can be used in a wide variety of industries and applications 
with little or no modification to your existing equipment. In a majority of 
installations, the only installation required is inserting the Ionix in an air 
hose.
Why Ionix Static Eliminators are superior to 
electronic ionizers and nuclear ionizers
Many customers have switched from more expensive high voltage ionizers to 
Ionix Static Eliminators. First, customers who have used ionizers find they have 
to replace ionizers more often than replacing Ionix. Second, Ionix has a much 
less installation cost. There is no wiring. Just cut the hose ends and push 
hoses over Ionix Static Eliminator end fittings. Installation is complete. 
Third, there is no shock hazard with Ionix Static Eliminators since our product 
does not require electricity to operate. Fourth, previous electronic ionizer 
customers find Ionix units are less costly to replace than ionizer bars. 
Finally, you do not have to isolate Ionix from any metal in its path like you 
must for ionizers.
We have had several customers replace their nuclear ionizer with Ionix and 
have saved a substantial amount of money with no diminished performance.
Before you replace your ionizer bar or nuclear ionizer, consider a no 
obligation test of an Ionix Static Eliminator in their place.
How to solve your static problem
Most static problems are confined to particular industries and processes within that industry. Therefore, our products are manufactured to particular industries. Click on the industry appropriate to you for information on Ionix models tailored for your industry's particular static problem. If you don't see your industry listed, call us and we'll determine if an Ionix can be adapted to eliminate your particular static problem.
For industry specific information click on the following links:
Graphic arts industries
 Printing - 

Eliminating 
static in feeding operations at printing plants, die cutters, laminators,  screen printers.
Binderies - 

Eliminating static 
in printing plant binderies, commercial binderies, bookbinders.
Wide Format Printer Static Eliminator 
- Eliminating static on media in wide format printers up to 44" wide.
Wide Format Printer Static Eliminator for high 
speed copiers - Adapter attached to Wide 
Format Printer Static Eliminator allows paper exiting copier to treated to 
eliminate static.
Plastic processors
Magnet Drawer Static Eliminator 
- Eliminate static in feeder hopper and throat in any 
resin transport process. Can be installed anywhere in conveying process.
Plastic cleanup - 
Speed up plastics cleanup of dust and debris at injection, blow and 
in rotational molders and plastic 
/ fiberglass/ composite product fabricators.
ESD Blowoff
 ESD blowoff cleaning lines
 - 
Preventing the static generated by blowoff cleaning air lines gives 
you an extra margin of ESD safety!
Wood finishing


Wood painting and finishing - 


Eliminating surface static that cause finish blemishes at custom woodworking, architectural woodworking, cabinetmakers, furniture makers 
and  wood products finishers.
Auto/Truck/Motorcycle/RV refinishing

Auto body refinish  
-  Eliminating surface static that cause fisheyes in painting at auto body painters, custom auto, truck or motorcycle painting.
Compressed air systems
Compressed air applications 
- Ionix can use your existing compressed air delviery 
system to eliminate static in processes such as packaging, inkjetting, conveying 
and handling
Free No Obligation phone consultation
We're always happy to discuss your particular static 
problem at no charge or obligation. We LIKE to try to solve static problems so 
we don't consider your call a obligation or intrusion. Call 800-246-1784 
anytime. Your call may go to voicemail after hours but we're notified of after 
hours call and will call you back after hours if you want. Just let us know when 
you want a return call. You can also email us 24/7 at

info@IonixTechnologies.com and 
we'll get back to you generally within a few hours - 24/7.
Determining the proper Ionix model for your static problem
For initial determination of the proper Ionix for your needs, we strongly suggest you call us with your static problem rather than attempting to select the proper Ionix unit yourself. The hardest part of solving static issues is carefully defining exactly where the static is causing a production problem. Our experience is that static is often not where it appears to be. We will review your problem over the phone at no obligation to confirm the source of the static problem and confirm Ionix can eliminate your static problem. Once that is determined, we can suggest the correct Ionix. If we do not believe an Ionix can solve your static problem, we'll direct you to the supplier of a viable solution. 
If we recommend an Ionix and it doesn't eliminate your static problem to your satisfaction, you can return your Ionix to us within 30 days for a full refund.
Guarantee
We have been making Ionix Static Eliminators since 1994 - they are proven to 
work. Our goal is to solve your static problem to your 
satisfaction.   Ionix 
	Static Eliminators are installed in printing plants, auto body repair shops, wood products manufacturers, plastic thermoformers, 
	extruders, molders, packaging and in product finishing lines throughout the world. We have sold tens of thousands of Ionix throughout the world.
Ionix is sold with an unconditional 30 day guarantee. You can return your Ionix 
within 30 days for any reason. We warrant our product to be free of defects for 
6 months after installation. Replacement is recommended after one year of actual 
use. 
How to order
Call  Ionix at 800-246-1784 to order using a credit card or go to 

www.TheIonixStore.com




Ionix 
	Technologies 
PO Box 276228 - Boca Raton FL 33427 USA
Tel: 561-955-8534 (North America toll free - 800-246-1784) 
email: info@ionixtechnologies.com


Copyright (c) 2017 Ionix Technologies. All Rights Reserved.
  Ionix is a registered trademark of Ionix Technologies for static eliminators.









Plastic parts static | Plastic cleanoff

                       
We eliminate static differently
Ionix Static Eliminators in your blow off air 
lines speed up and improve cleanup!
Typical uses of Ionix Static Eliminators in plastics, fiberglass and composite industries
Thermoforming, rotational molding, blow molding, foam fabricators and plastics fabricating - Ionix installed in the blow off air line for   cleanup make it fast and east. Install one Ionix in each air hose.
Mold release - Ionix installed in the mold release air lines to   eject small or light parts. Use the HPPL300-2 for the high pressures. Call for sizing.
Resin and colorant feeding and mixing - Ionix installed in aerator/mixer/blender air   lines eliminates uneven accumulation and mixing of  colorant and resins in 
hoppers and the feeding processes.
Rotational molding - Blowing out the   inside of   mold prior to introduction of resin and colorants with Ionix prevents static which causes uneven distribution of colorant and in turn color swirl. Ionix used in blowing out complete products dislodges static plastic particles inside finished product which normal blowoff won't dislodge.

Fiberglass and composites de-molding - Ionix installed in the mold air lines   eliminates the static created during the de-molding process. Ionix prevents   ignition of hazardous release agents.
Plastic fabricators - Ionix installed in the blow off air line eliminates static on plastic surface prior to painting.
The benefits of using an Ionix Static Eliminators in 
your plastic cleanup:


 
Highly effective - increases the 
	effectiveness of ANY compressed air line by eliminating the static that holds 
	dust to the surface.


 
Safe to use - No nuclear material, high voltages, or UV 
	radiation to worry about. Safe to use in 

	Class 1 Division 1, Groups C & D Explosion Proof environments.


 
Easy to install at any location - Just 
	insert in any air hose and installation is complete.


 
Versatile - Ionix is used in hand blowoff as well 
	as in automated blowoff lines.


How we solve your plastic clean up problems
Plastic materials are superior electrical insulators. Therefore they tend to 
easily hold any static electricity charges that accumulate on their surfaces. 
You can't practically prevent static from occurring. All you can do is eliminate 
those charges at the production points they cause you a problem.
Simply trying to blow static dust and debris from plastic without a static 
eliminator in reality makes your problem worse. Here's why. There is already 
static on the plastic surface and the debris which is causing them to be 
electrically attracted to one another. Compressed air is an electrical 
insulator. So in blowing high volumes of compressed air over your plastic 
surfaces, you are rubbing them with another electrical insulator creating even 
more static. The only reason the debris moves off the surface is you've applied 
air that has a greater force than the static attraction. That dust you've forced 
off with just find another surface to stick to. In reality you've made your 
static dust issue worse.
To solve your plastic clean up problem you need to install a static 
eliminator in your blow off air hose. When the air contacts the plastic part and 
dust, it dissipates the static charges holding the debris to the plastic. Not 
only does the dust release with less force, it and the plastic surface have 
their static charges dissipated and they won't attract other debris. An Ionix
Static Eliminator installed on your blow off air line dissipates any 
surface or static dust on contact.
How to maintain the Ionix Static 
Suppression system
Ionix Static Eliminators wear out over time with the passage of air 
through them. Generally they need to be replaced once a year. You remove the old
Ionix and replace it with a new unit. There is no electrical or other connections other 
than installing Ionix in the air hose line.
Which model should I order?
The Ionix model you need depends on the pressure you blow off the surface.
If you are blowing off the surface at less than 50 psi, order our 
PL300-2.



 

      For air hoses up to 50 psi.


If you are blowing off the surface at more than 50 psi and less than 150 psi, 
order our HPPL300-2.




For air hoses over 50 psi and under 150 psi.


Guarantee
Our goal is to solve your static problem to your 
satisfaction.
Ionix is sold with an unconditional 30 day guarantee. You can return your Ionix 
within 30 days for any reason. We warrant our product to be free of defects for 
6 months after installation.
How to get started
Call  Ionix at 800-246-1784 
and we'll be glad to review your particular problem and determine if an 
Ionix Static Eliminator will solve your static issue. You can also order a 
PL300-2 or HPPL300-2 at our on line store www.TheIonixStore.com.
How to Order


Call Ionix at 800-246-1784 
      to order 
    by phone
 
Go to our secure Yahoo! 
      hosted online store 
    www.TheIonixStore.com





 
Ionix Technologies 
PO Box 6228 - Boca Raton FL 33427
Tel: 561-955-8534 (North America toll free - 800-246-1784) 
email: info@ionixtechnologies.com


Copyright (c) 2017 Ionix Technologies. All Rights Reserved.
  Ionix is a registered trademark of Ionix Technologies for static eliminators
  






Paper folder static | Collator static | Binder static





                       
We eliminate static differently - since 1994
Ionix Static Eliminators for feeder in folders 
and bindery equipment!
How Ionix works in folder to eliminate static in the feeder

Since 
most small format printing is now done on copiers or digital printers, the 
problem of feeder static is more prevalent. There is static in the paper from the 
digital imaging process. In  folders, these paper  sheets with static will not easily separate in the pile feeder. Folder operators experience misfeeds leading to paper jams in the feeder. 
To eliminate static in folder feeders, an Ionix is installed in the pressure or blast air line going from the feeder pump to the feeder. The Ionix can be installed at any point in the main air line going to the feeder. However, install Ionix before any lines branch off from the main blast air line since all air going to the feeder needs to be treated by going through the Ionix. When the compressor air goes through the Ionix, the feeder mechanism blows out the air between the paper sheets which is acting like an electrical insulator and replaces it with air that acts like an electrical conductor which discharges the static on the interior surfaces of the paper. This eliminates the static attraction within the paper in the feeder.
Ionix for folders are sized based upon 1. the maximum sheet size of the folder and 2. the inside diameter of the main blower air hose. Therefore, in order to install Ionix on a sheet feeding  folder you must have this information.
For folders capable of feeding a sheet up to 20" (510MM) wide:
for 1/2" (10MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-2
  for 3/4" (20MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-3
  for 1" (25MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-4
  for 1 1/4" (30MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 200-5
  for 1 1/2" (40MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-6
  for 1 3/4" (45MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-7
  for 2" (50MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-8 
For folders capable of feeding a sheet over 20" (510MM) wide and up to 26" (650MM) wide:
for 1/2" (10MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-2
  for 3/4" (20MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-3
  for 1" (25MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-4
  for 1 1/4" (30MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 300-5
  for 1 1/2" (40MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-6
  for 1 3/4" (45MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-7
for 2" (50MM) inside diameter feeder air hose: Ionix Model 400-8 
How Ionix can eliminate static in folder deliveries

Many folders experience static in the continuous delivery in addition to static in feeders due to xerographic or digitally imaged paper. Static in folder deliveries is caused by the combination of  xerographic paper and folding friction. Paper made to be copied or digitally imaged has the ability to hold a static charge. That is how the image is transferred from the imaging drum and held to the paper prior to fusing. When that same paper is folded, friction between the paper and the folding rollers generates static which accumulates on the rollers and folder plates. This static charge builds up and then is transferred back to the paper which holds the charge. When the paper is ejected into the delivery, the static charged folded paper then sticks to other sheets of paper in the delivery.
In order to eliminate static in the delivery of folders, it is necessary to dissipate the static on the rollers and folder plate. Remember that static eliminators are only effective in eliminating static at the point they are installed. Static eliminators are not static 
preventers. Installing a static eliminator in your feeder will not eliminate static generated on folding rollers..
Ionix eliminates static in folder deliveries by directing Ionix treated air onto the folding rollers by piping Ionix treated air into the roller guard covers of the folder. The roller guards capture and direct the Ionix treated air to the folding rollers and base of the folding plates where the Ionix air dissipates the static. Paper is then delivered static free.
To install the Ionix Folder Delivery System (FDS), you remove your folder roller guards and ship them to Ionix where we retrofit them with air bars. We also supply an air splitter for your feeder air line which diverts Ionix treated air to these air bars. 
The Ionix Folder Delivery System (FDS) requires an Ionix unit, an air splitter (supplied by Ionix) and one Ionix FDS air bar installed on at least one roller guard cover on each folder segment or right angle. For example, if your folder is a straight fold with no right angles, you would need 1 Ionix Static Eliminator, 1 air splitter and 1 FDS air bar installed on one roller guard cover. If your folder has 1 right angle after the folder, you would need an additional FDS air bar installed on a roller guard cover on the right angle attachment (for a total of 2 FDS air bars). 
For an exact quote, please contact Ionix and advise the number of folder angles, the maximum width of paper that can be folded and the inside diameter of the main air pressure hose going to the folder feeder.
Downloadable PDF brochure about Ionix Folder Delivery System 
Static in collators
Generally, if static occurs in collators it is due to copied or digitally imaged paper in the individual bins of a collator which will not separate. To dissipate this static and cause the paper to separate, an Ionix needs to be installed in the blast air line going from the air pump to the bins in the collator. Identify the pressure air line going from the pump to the collating tower.
 Some newer collators do not use an air compressor. Instead they use turbines or fans to generate separating air. Since these turbines are built into the collator and there is no air blast pressure line, there is no method to introduce Ionix into the air feed system.
Static in die cutters, laminators and other sheet feeding bindery equipment
Generally if your machine is a sheet feeding machine with air separating the sheets, an Ionix can be installed in the feeder air system to eliminate static causing sheet misfeeds. However, if the static problem in the delivery, please contact Ionix for proper sizing.
Static in bookbinding machines
Generally, static is bookbinding machines such as saddlebinder, perfect binders or case binding occurs in one of two areas. If the static is in the gathering pockets, static in the signatures cause misfeeds. This problem can be remedied by installing the proper Ionix in the air separation line blowing into the signature pockets.
Static also causes misfeeding in cover feeder attachments in binding machines. This is remedied by installing an Ionix in the air line going to the feeder pocket. In both cases, your should contact Ionix for proper sizing the initial Ionix installation.
30 day satisfaction guarantee!
Use Ionix for 30 days. If your not completely satisfied with your Ionix Static Eliminator, you 
  can return it IN ANY CONDITION for a full and complete refund. Our goal is to solve your static problem to your satisfaction. We warrant our product to be free of defects for 6 months after installation. Replacement is recommended after one year of actual use. 
Questions?
Call 800-246-1784. You can get more information at our home page
www.IonixTechnologies.com


Call Ionix at 800-246-1784 
      to order 
    by phone
 
Go to our secure Yahoo! 
      hosted online store 
    www.TheIonixStore.com





 
Ionix Technologies 
PO Box 6228 - Boca Raton FL 33427
Tel: 561-955-8534 (North America toll free - 800-246-1784) 
email: info@ionixtechnologies.com


Copyright (c) 201\7 Ionix Technologies. All Rights Reserved.
  Ionix is a registered trademark of Ionix Technologies for static eliminators
  





Ionix Technology, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:41 AM ET
Electrical Equipment

Company Overview of Ionix Technology, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ionix Technology, Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, designs, manufactures, and sells lithium batteries in China. The company’s products are used in lithium cell electronic bicycles, balance cars, scooters, electric vehicles, special vehicles, energy storage, and other products. It distributes its products to distributors and retailers. The company was formerly known as Cambridge Projects Inc. and changed its name to Ionix Technology, Inc. in February 2016. Ionix Technology, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ionix Technology, Inc. is a subsidiary of Shining Glory Investments Limited.


3773 Howard Hughes ParkwaySuite 500SLas Vegas, NV 89169United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 702-475-5906








Key Executives for Ionix Technology, Inc.




Ms. Doris Zhou


      	Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 35
        







Ms. Yue Kou FCCA, CPA, MAcc


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 44
        

Total Annual Compensation: $14.4K








Mr. Guo’En Li


      	President of Taizhou Ionix Technology Co. Ltd & Director of Taizhou Ionix Technology Co. Ltd
      


Age: 52
        

Total Annual Compensation: $9.0K








Mr. Zhengfu Nan


      	President of Xinyu Ionix Technology Company Ltd and Director of Xinyu Ionix Technology Company Ltd
      


Age: 24
        

Total Annual Compensation: $5.4K








Mr. Qingchun Yang


      	President & Director of Well Best International Investment Ltd
      


Age: 54
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Ionix Technology, Inc. Key Developments

Ionix Technology, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 15 17
On 05/15/2017, Ionix Technology, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Ionix Technology, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Feb 14 17
On 02/14/2017, Ionix Technology, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Ionix Technology, Inc. Approves Incorporation of Lisite Science Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, and Shenzhen Baileqi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd., its New Subsidiaries
Nov 8 16
On November 7, 2016, Ionix Technology, Inc.’s board of directors approved and ratified the incorporation of Lisite Science Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, a limited liability company formed under the laws of Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macao on June 20, 2016. Well Best is the sole shareholder of Lisite Science. As a result, Lisite Science is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. Lisite Science will act as a manufacturing base for the company and shall focus on developing and producing high-end intelligent electronic equipment. On November 7, 2016, the company’s board of directors also approved and ratified the incorporation of Shenzhen Baileqi Electronic Technology Co. Ltd., a limited liability company formed under the laws of Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macao on August 8, 2016. Well Best is the sole shareholder of Baileqi Electronic. As a result, Baileqi Electronic is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Baileqi Electronic will act as a manufacturing base for the company and shall focus on development and production of the LCD and module for civil electronic products.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10C Technologies, Inc. United States 24M Technologies, Inc. United States 2D2C, Inc. United States 360 Electrical, LLC United States 4D Energetics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 30, 2016
			    
Welly Surplus International Limited



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 24, 2016
			    
Taizhou Ionix Technology Company Limited





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ionix Technology, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Ionix Technology Inc (IINX.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Ionix Technology Inc (IINX.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				IINX.PK on OTC Markets Group


				2.60USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$2.60


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

202




52-wk High

$5.00


52-wk Low

$2.00












					Full Description



Ionix Technology, Inc., formerly Cambridge Projects Inc., incorporated on March 11, 2011, through its subsidiaries, Well Best International Investment Limited (Well Best), Xinyu Ionix Technology Company Limited (Xinyu Ionix) and Taizhou Ionix Technology Company Limited (Taizhou Ionix), is engaged in developing, designing, manufacturing and selling lithium batteries for electric vehicles in China. The Company's products include 18650-2000 Milli-Ampere-Hour (mAh) lithium ion batteries (LIB) for use in lithium cell electronic bicycles, balance cars, scooters, electric vehicles, special vehicles at low speed, energy storage, and other products. The Company's LIB is a rechargeable electric device within, which lithium moves from a negative electrode to a positive electrode during the discharge and back charging. The four main materials used in its LIBs are cathode materials, anode materials, operators, and electrolytic solution.The Company offers LIBs, which are used as the power supply for devices, such as mobile phones, digital cameras, and power tools. Additionally, its LIBs are also used in aerospace applications and automotive products, such as electric and hybrid vehicles. The Company's products are directly shipped from the manufacturers to the distributors and retailers. The Company focuses on outsourcing the manufacturing and packaging of its products to a third party located in China on an order-by-order basis. The Company with its subsidiaries Well Best and Xinyu Ionix is also focused on seeking new prospects for technology enhancements, design, manufacturing and production of the Company's LIB products and product development.

» Full Overview of IINX.PK







					Company Address



Ionix Technology Inc
Chengdong Industrial Park, FenyiXINYU   JGX   89169-6014
P: +1702.4755906F: +1775.7866755







					Company Web Links











					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Doris Zhou

--




							 Yue Kou

14,400




							 Guo'En Li

9,000




							 Zhengfu Nan

5,400




							 Qingchun Yang

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Ionix Technology Inc News




» More IINX.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment






















Ionix Technology Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















ionix technology inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Automotive
Sub-Industry: Auto Parts
Ionix Technology, Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, designs, manufactures, and sells lithium batteries. The Company produces batteries for lithium cell electronic bicycles, balance cars, scooters, electric vehicles, special vehicles, energy storage, and other products.




Corporate Information
Address:

3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy
Suite 500S
Las Vegas, NV 89169
United States


Phone:
1-702-475-5906


Fax:
-





Board Members




CEO/Treasurer/Secretary
Company


Doris Zhou
Ionix Technology Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Doris Zhou


CEO/Treasurer/Secretary




Yue Kou


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































ionix technology, Inc











About us
Lithium-ion batteries
Green energy solutions
Investor Relations

Stock information
Information request
SEC Filings
Management Team
Summary information
Press Release
Investor presentation


Patents
Contact us






Lithium-ion batteries

	Lithium-Ion Batteries are quickly becoming an efficient energy choice used to power the vehicles of tomorrow. Lithium-Ion batteries give great detail on the technology roadmap, applications, safety issue, future advances, applications, competitive situation and more in predictive function and we are focusing on making it more powerful and safer.

	Ionix is in the direction to deliver a clean and comfortable global experience by supplying lithium-ion batteries for use in electric vehicles.



Copyright © 2016 ionix technology, Inc







ionix technology, Inc











About us
Lithium-ion batteries
Green energy solutions
Investor Relations

Stock information
Information request
SEC Filings
Management Team
Summary information
Press Release
Investor presentation


Patents
Contact us








About us

	Ionix was formed in 2011 and focus in becoming an aggregator that brings energy cooperatives together and to group and organize them to achieve optimum price and efficiency.

	Ionix has brought together not only electronic control technologies and automotive battery technologies, but also the material and component technologies. We have an extensive history of supplying products ranging

http://www.buytramadolonlinepharmacy.com/
Read More


Lithium-ion batteries


Lithium-Ion Batteries are quickly becoming an efficient energy choice used to power the vehicles of tomorrow. Lithium-Ion batteries give great detail on the technology roadmap, applications, safety issue, future advances, applications, competitive situation and more in predictive function and we are focusing on 


Read More









		Green energy solutions

		Ionix is active in promoting the use of green energy around the world. We are making a significant contribution with clients to create a cleaner and healthier environment.

		Every day businesses and investors around the worlds are responding with new
Read More

	 




Press Release






Copyright © 2016 ionix technology, Inc

























Ionix Technology Inc - Research and Markets

















































































ABOUT US
BLOG
CONTACT US
FAQ























USD
EUR
GBP



USD 
▼

USD
EUR
GBP






€
EUR
$
USD
£
GBP







+353-1-416-8900REST OF WORLD



1-800-526-8630U.S. (TOLL FREE)








 




Advanced








Price:
€75EUR$90USD£69GBP 
View Pricing




You are here:


Home
>






Categories
>






Company Reports











 
SELECT A FORMAT








€75EUR$90USD£69GBP



                                                        Single User
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                







  ADD TO BASKET




                                                                        order by fax
                                        

                                            need a quote ?
                                        



 

OUR CLIENTS












HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US
VIEW FAQs



RECENTLY VIEWED PRODUCTS











Partner of Research and MarketsVACCINATING 40,000 CHILDREN IN 2017





WHY CHOOSE RESEARCH AND MARKETS?



WORLD'S LARGEST SELECTION




TRUSTED BY THE BEST




CUSTOMER FOCUSED




SAFE & SECURE







Staff at Research & Markets were very friendly and gave me guidance on the correct report to buy for

                         my needs and were facilitating in my requests. I hope to purchase another report in the near future from Research & Markets
                        
                    



                            READ MORE
                        


Mr Hyoungjun Kim
Investment Principal
Amorepacific Group















Ionix Technology Inc



ID: 3770535
Company Profile
October 2016
60 Pages

Wright Investors Service                            











DESCRIPTION


TABLE OF CONTENTS


SAMPLES



                                                                COUNTRIES COVERED
                                                            


FORMATS







1 of 5








                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                                A textual analysis of the financial results for Ionix Technology Inc  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information, senior officers and Wright Quality Rating analyses is also provided.Quantitative analyses of financial statements (Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Sources of Capital), extensive ratio tables (Accounting, Asset Utilization, Employee Efficiency, Fixed Charges Coverage, Leverage Analysis, Liquidity Analysis, Per-share Data and Profitability Analysis) and proprietary Wright Quality Rating® analyses tables. The Wright Quality Rating measures the liquidity of the stock and the financial strength, profitability and corporate growth characteristics of Ionix Technology Inc A textual review of the financial results of Ionix Technology Inc versus Oakridge Global Energy Solutions Inc, Novagen Ingenium Inc and Solaris Power Cells Inc is includedrepo.   The comparative analysis,of these companies,compares Sales, Company Valuations and Financial Position. Also included for Ionix Technology Inc are: Company Description, Recent Stock Performance, Profitability Analysis, Dividend Analysis, and key data items. Additional research for Ionix Technology Inc includes tables with up to 10-years of history of computed ratios, sales, earnings, and security prices. The company’s financial results are compared in a series of reports (i.e. financial statements, sales, key ratios, etc.) to global industry averages.
                                                                            

Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




2 of 5







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                    Company Fundamentals- Company Profile- Comparative Business Analysis- Summary Analysis per Share- Sales Analysis- Price Analysis- Earnings and Dividends AnalysisFinancial Statement Analyses- Balance Sheet - Common Size- Balance Sheet - Year-Year Percent Change- Balance Sheet - Five-Year Averages- Income Statement - Common Size- Income Statement - Year-Year Percent Change- Income Statement - Five-Year Averages- Sources of CapitalFinancial Ratio Analyses- Accounting Ratios- Asset Utilization- Employee Efficiency- Fixed Charges Coverage- Leverage Analysis- Liquidity Analysis- Per-Share Data- Profitability AnalysisWright Quality Rating Analyses- Investment Acceptance- Financial Strength- Profitability and Stability- Corporate Growth
                                                                
Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




3 of 5





LOADING...







4 of 5







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                United States
                                                                
Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




5 of 5






Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown








RELATED PRODUCTS 







mPhase Technologies, Inc.


 Company Profile
67 Pages
July 2017






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







Novagen Ingenium Inc


 Company Profile
67 Pages
November 2016






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







Solaris Power Cells Inc


 Company Profile
63 Pages
December 2016






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







Oakridge Global Energy Solutions Inc


 Company Profile
68 Pages
July 2017
Region: Global






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







Curaegis Technologies Inc


 Company Profile
63 Pages
October 2016






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







American International Industries Incorporated


 Company Profile
68 Pages
December 2016
Region: Global, United States






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







GreenPower Motor Company Inc


 Company Profile
64 Pages
June 2017






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







US Highland Incorporation


 Company Profile
66 Pages
December 2016
Region: United States






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







Oakridge Holdings, Inc.


 Company Profile
51 Pages
May 2017






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







Torvec, Inc.


 Company Profile
59 Pages
June 2016






€75EUR$90USD£69GBP








 close

Ionix Technology Inc



 close

ASK A QUESTION

*Required Information
 
Product: Ionix Technology Inc


YOUR QUESTION*







YOUR CONTACT DETAILS*

Title
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name




Last Name




Email Address




Country
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Phone Number



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998












We request your telephone number so we can contact you in the event we have difficulty reaching you via email.
                    We aim to respond to all questions on the same business day.





 



 close

SEND TO A FRIEND

* Required Information
 FRIEND'S DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*




Message to friend




YOUR CONTACT DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*













 


 close

Request a Quote

 
Please complete the below form and click "send request" to obtain a pdf quotation and order form.
This document will be available for immediate download and will also be emailed to you.
            
* Required Information


YOUR ADDRESS

Address 1*




Address 2




Address 3




City*




Postal/ZIP Code




Country*
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State





YOUR DETAILS

Title*
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name*




Last Name*




Organisation*




Email Address*




Phone Number*



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998











                                PO Number
                                (if applicable)







PRODUCT FORMAT




License
Format
Properties
Price




 
SINGLE USER Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product.
                                        

€75EUR$90USD£69GBP







* The price quoted above is only valid for 30 days. Please submit your order within that time frame to avail of this price as all prices are subject to change.





 

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













    IINX Key Statistics - Ionix Technology Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ionix Technology Inc.

                  OTC: IINX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ionix Technology Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


IINX

/quotes/zigman/72554444/delayed


$
2.60




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 20
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72554444/delayed
Previous close

$
			2.60
		


$
				2.60
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$2.60
$2.60










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.00
        

            $5.00
        

















			Company Description 


			Ionix Technology, Inc. commercializes, uses and processes organic waste and sell related by-products. Its business objective is to license the QI System through qualified interests and establishing waste conversion operations through joint ventures. The company was founded on March 11, 2011 and is h...
		


                Ionix Technology, Inc. commercializes, uses and processes organic waste and sell related by-products. Its business objective is to license the QI System through qualified interests and establishing waste conversion operations through joint ventures. The company was founded on March 11, 2011 and is headquartered in Las Vegas, NV.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-5,888.89


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-1,530.52


Price to Sales Ratio
251.23


Price to Book Ratio
38,461.50


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-11,490.71


Enterprise Value to Sales
56.73


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.00

Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
2.56


Total Asset Turnover
1.71

Liquidity

Current Ratio
1.01


Quick Ratio
0.82


Cash Ratio
0.12



Profitability

Gross Margin
6.39


Operating Margin
-1.66


Pretax Margin
-1.66


Net Margin
-1.92


Return on Assets
-3.29


Return on Total Capital
-88.64

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
1,546.56


Total Debt to Total Capital
93.70


Total Debt to Total Assets
8.90





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Ms. Doris  Zhou 
35
2015
CEO, Secretary, Treasurer & Director



Ms. Yue  Kou 
42
2016
Chief Financial Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/20/2017

Ben Wong                            


5,000,000


 
Disposition at $0.14 per share.


700,000


04/20/2017

Ben Wong                            


29,846,000


 
Disposition at $0 per share.


0


07/01/2016

Ben Wong                            


5,470,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


07/01/2016

Ben Wong                            


29,484,000


 
Disposition at $0.15 per share.


4,422,600


11/20/2015

Locksley Anthony Samuels                            


21,600,000


 
Disposition at $0.01 per share.


216,000








/news/latest/company/us/iinx

      MarketWatch News on IINX
    
No News currently available for IINX





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/iinx

      Other News on IINX
    




 10-Q: IONIX TECHNOLOGY, INC.
5:07 p.m. May 22, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: IONIX TECHNOLOGY, INC.
5:27 p.m. March 23, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K/A: IONIX TECHNOLOGY, INC.
4:32 p.m. March 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: IONIX TECHNOLOGY, INC.
2:46 p.m. Feb. 21, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K/A: IONIX TECHNOLOGY, INC.
1:45 p.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





They're Definitely High On Something

5:24 a.m. Dec. 9, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: IONIX TECHNOLOGY, INC.
5:20 p.m. Oct. 11, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Ionix Technology, Inc.
3773 Howard Hughes Parkway
Suite 500S

Las Vegas, Nevada 89169




Phone
1 7024755906


Industry
Environment/Waste Management


Sector
Business/Consumer Services


Fiscal Year-end
06/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$1.97M


Net Income
$-37,892


Employees

        -


Annual Report for IINX











/news/pressrelease/company/us/iinx

      Press Releases on IINX
    
No News currently available for IINX







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:41 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































IONIX TECHNOLOGY INC Las Vegas NV, 89169 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Instruments and Related Products
Ionix Technology Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Ionix Technology Inc



3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy, Ste 500s

Las Vegas,
							
							
							 NV
							
							
							 89169-6014
							
							 |  view map


(702) 475-5906

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

IONIX TECHNOLOGY INC is in the Surgical and Medical Instruments and Apparatus industry in Las Vegas, NV.  This company currently has approximately 5 to 10 employees  and  annual sales of $1,000,000 to $4,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Surgical and Medical Instruments and Apparatus
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						2011
					

Sales Range:
						$1,000,000 to $4,999,999
					

Employees:
						5 to 10


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

University of Alaska Fairbanks


Barnes & Noble


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


TRI State Metal Works


Hammer & CO


Ideal Construction CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Walbro


A 1 Raidator Service


Southern Cleaning Service Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Ionix Technology Inc
Rate Ionix Technology Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Ionix Technology Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLTAIRE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
FACTOR SALES INC
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
YADIN CO INC
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
PANALPINA INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
STINGER WELDING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



















Ionix Technology, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ionix Technology, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Financials



Ionix Technology, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2011




Headquarters


3773 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500s, Las Vegas, NV 89169




Type of Company



                                                                    Public
                                                            




Industries


Waste Management & Recycling




Company Description


Ionix Technology, Inc. commercializes, uses and processes organic waste and sell related by-products. Its business objective is to license the QI System through qualified interests and establishing waste conversion operations through joint ventures. The company was founded on March 11, 2011 and is headquartered in Las Vegas, NV.






 In The News
          See more




SEC
May 22, 2017





                        Ionix Technology, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    





SEC
November 14, 2016





                        Ionix Technology, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    





SEC
October 11, 2016





                        Ionix Technology, Inc. filed form 10-K                    





SEC
May 13, 2016





                        Ionix Technology, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    





SEC
February 12, 2016





                        Ionix Technology, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Doris Zhou

Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & Director




Yue Kou

Chief Financial Officer





Guoen Li

Director




Zhengfu Nan

Director





Xin Sui

President, Welly Surplus




Yun Yang

President, Lisite Science Technology





Youqian Deng

President, Shenzhen Baileqi Electronic Technology






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Qingchun Yang

Director at Ionix Technology, Inc.




Zhengfu Nan

Director at Ionix Technology, Inc.





Doris Zhou

Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & Director at Ionix Technology, Inc.




Guoen Li

Director at Ionix Technology, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Ionix Technology, Inc.



                        Ionix Technology, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ionix Technology, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ionix Technology, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Shining Glory Investments Ltd. purchases Ionix Technology, Inc.                                                                       





 Key Stats and Financials as of 6/30/2016



Market Capitalization


$262M




Total Enterprise Value


$495M




Earnings Per Share


$0




Revenue


$1.97M




Net Profit


$-40K




EBITDA


$-32.7K




EBITDAMargin


-1.66%




Total Debt


$195K




Total Equity


$13.1K




Enterprise Value Sales


251.2x




TEVNet Income


-11.1Kx




Debt TEV


0x




Three Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


260.17%






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













