




Intellectual Property (IP) Management Software – IPfolio


























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 

















		It's time to rethink IP management		

         
Forward-thinking companies manage and grow their IP portfolios with IPfolio's  cloud-based IP Management  solution. 
		
		
		





IPfolio gives companies a complete Intellectual Property management software solution that’s easy to set up, easy to configure, and easy for everyone to use — making it easier to engage your inventors and manage your IP portfolio strategically.











Easy to Set Up
Point & click customization



Easy to Use
Access from all devices



Easy to Change
Update without calling IT









Built on the world’s most trusted cloud platform forbusinesses


IPfolio is built on the Salesforce Platform which means our product delivers the same reliability, scalability, security and speed used by the largest companies in the world.
"Cloud platforms are the keys that unlock the flexibility, productivity, and economic advantages of cloud computing. Salesforce.com leads the pack with its Force.com offering."
Forrester Research




















"Our team went from having Excel spreadsheets to using IPfolio and we couldn't be happier." 
			Amanda Nguyen			IP Operations,			 Quixey,			 Mountain View, California		

 











					
     Trusted by Innovative Enterprises Around the World


					
                    
     IPfolio serves customers in 21 countries




 












 





 
 

 
  


 
 




 


 





























Intellectual Property (IP) Management Software – IPfolio


























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 

















		It's time to rethink IP management		

         
Forward-thinking companies manage and grow their IP portfolios with IPfolio's  cloud-based IP Management  solution. 
		
		
		





IPfolio gives companies a complete Intellectual Property management software solution that’s easy to set up, easy to configure, and easy for everyone to use — making it easier to engage your inventors and manage your IP portfolio strategically.











Easy to Set Up
Point & click customization



Easy to Use
Access from all devices



Easy to Change
Update without calling IT









Built on the world’s most trusted cloud platform forbusinesses


IPfolio is built on the Salesforce Platform which means our product delivers the same reliability, scalability, security and speed used by the largest companies in the world.
"Cloud platforms are the keys that unlock the flexibility, productivity, and economic advantages of cloud computing. Salesforce.com leads the pack with its Force.com offering."
Forrester Research




















"Our team went from having Excel spreadsheets to using IPfolio and we couldn't be happier." 
			Amanda Nguyen			IP Operations,			 Quixey,			 Mountain View, California		

 











					
     Trusted by Innovative Enterprises Around the World


					
                    
     IPfolio serves customers in 21 countries




 












 





 
 

 
  


 
 




 


 


























	IPFOLIO Trademark of IPfolio Corporation. Serial Number: 85616134 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
IPFOLIO










 
Get FREE email alerts













IPFOLIO  Trademark Information
 IPfolio Corporation
Providing on-line non-downloadable software for the organization and management of company assets and intellectual property assets; providing an online non-downloadable web-based and cloud-hosted software interface for companies to use in the organization, management, and use of company assets




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
providing   online   nondownloadable   software   organization   management   company   assets   intellectual   property   assets   providing   online   nondownloadable   webbased   cloudhosted   software   interface   companies   use   organization      management      use   company    
                                    




This is a brand page for the IPFOLIO trademark by IPfolio Corporation 
                                in Berkeley, CA, 94702.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this IPFOLIO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner IPfolio Corporation of the IPFOLIO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the IPFOLIO trademark.
                           






On Thursday, May 3, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        IPFOLIO by 
                        IPfolio Corporation, Berkeley, CA  94702.
                        The USPTO has given the IPFOLIO 
                        trademark serial  number of  85616134.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for IPFOLIO is 
                        
                        
                                            Tsan Abrahamson of 
                                            COBALT LLP,  918 PARKER ST STE A21, BERKELEY, CA 94710-2596 
                                .
                            The IPFOLIO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for IPFOLIO 
                            is Providing on-line non-downloadable software for the organization and management of company assets and intellectual property assets; providing an online non-downloadable web-based and cloud-hosted software interface for companies to use in the organization, management, and use of company assets. 
                            





Word mark:
 IPFOLIO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/3/2013



  Serial Number:  
85616134


  Filing Date:  
5/3/2012


 Registration Number:  
4397179 


 Registration Date:  
9/3/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Providing on-line non-downloadable software for the organization and management of company assets and intellectual property assets; providing an online non-downloadable web-based and cloud-hosted software interface for companies to use in the organization, management, and use of company assets


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/23/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

IPfolio CorporationBerkeley, CA  94702
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Tsan Abrahamson
COBALT LLP
918 PARKER ST STE A21
BERKELEY, CA 94710-2596






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your IPFOLIO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/3/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Tsan Abrahamson


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of IPFOLIO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search ipfolio on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for IPFOLIO 




IPFOLIO is providing Providing on-line non-downloadable software for the organization and management of company assets and intellectual property assets; providing an online non-downloadable web-based and cloud-hosted software interface for companies to use in the organization, management, and use of company assets.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















White Papers & Case Studies - IPfolio























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




VideosWhite Papers & Case StudiesEvents CalendarPress and NewsIPforward ConferenceIPforward Dinner & Discussion 







White Papers & Case Studies




















 




					IPfolio Case Study: Leica Microsystems					


Without IPfolio, transitioning to a much more efficient IP management model would have been impossible for Leica Microsystems, according to Chief Patent Counsel Tony Afram. The new model, which uses key principles of the Danaher Business System such as standard work and visual management, has changed the way Leica runs its global IP program.
Download (PDF) 



 
 




					Docketing vs. IP Asset Management					


While docketing systems have served law firms well for more than two decades, they are not the most appropriate tools for managing an IP portfolio from a business perspective inside a company. This white paper discusses the evolution of docketing as well as a new generation of intellectual asset management tools that better serve the needs of corporate IP groups.
Download (PDF) 



 
 




					Managing IP Beyond Excel					


In a surprising number of organizations, an Excel spreadsheet is still the tool of choice for managing the IP portfolio. This white paper examines the fundamental limitations of using a spreadsheet as an IP management tool, and discusses alternatives.
Download (PDF) 



 
 




					Increasing IP Visibility In Your Organization					


In order to align their IP strategy with their overall business strategy, C-Level executives need to know exactly what is in their organization’s portfolio, and how it relates to the bigger picture of their business.
Download (PDF) 



 
 




					Updating IP Reporting Practices					


This white paper on corporate IP reporting practices by Dr. Patrick Sullivan and Rupert Mayer was initially published as an article in IAM magazine’s September/October 2011 edition.
Download (PDF) 



 
 




					WIPO’s Recommendations for SME’s Part III: Strategize					


Strategy is the last of the three-part white paper series that small-to-medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) can craft to implement WIPO’s IP management recommendations for effective IP management.
Download (PDF) 



 
 




					WIPO’s Recommendations for SME’s Part II: Visualize					


Visualization is phase two of the three-part white paper series based on WIPO’s guidelines for IP Management for SMEs. It is the best method to understand all of the IP-related information that you organized during part one.
Download (PDF) 



 
  
 

 
  


 
 




 


 




























Flexible, configurable IP Management Software - IPfolio


























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




IP Portfolio ManagerInventors PortalReports & DashboardsTotal ControlSecurity 







Tailor IPFolio to match your business
and customize it as your business evolves – without IT. Your business is constantly evolving with new products, new technologies, new business lines and organizational changes. With IPfolio you get total control over how you track and manage your IP portfolio and are empowered to customize any screen, field, access level, and more, anytime.  











Total Control







Custom Tabs
Custom Fields
Screen Layouts


Task Lists
Email Templates
Notifications & Alerts


Disclosure & Approval Flows
Validation Rules
Access Permissions
 
















Set up Your Customized IP Management Solution


Adapt your IP database to your unique requirements by adding custom fields including all common types, such as text fields, dropdown lists, date fields, checkboxes, and powerful formulas, in a simple point-and-click interface.
You can freely arrange your fields on your page layouts, make important fields required, or define custom validation rules, for example requiring that a certain field be filled out at a certain stage in the process.
Most importantly, we guarantee that future IPfolio releases and software updates will never break your existing configuration.





Make Your Team More Efficient


Tailor the workflow in IPfolio to your specific processes with automated field updates, tasks and reminders, email notifications, and approval processes that you can set up and fine-tune yourself.
IPfolio comes preconfigured with a number of standard workflows, as well as legal and business rules that trigger important due dates and reminders.
It is easy to extend this pre-defined set with rules, calculations and flows of almost unlimited complexity.






Share Information Selectively


IPfolio gives you full control over access levels with a combination of user profiles, a role hierarchy, permission sets, and sharing rules, which allow you to define access down to the level of single fields and individual records.
For example, you can give your outside counsel read-only access to all records of a certain type (such as patents), but limited to specific fields (e.g. they can’t see the costs billed by other law firms), and permission to update only the records assigned to them.
Similarly, you can give business users in different parts of your organization access to only those IP assets that are related to their respective corporate division.





Keep Your Information Up-to-date


Technologies, product lines, and corporate structures evolve. IPfolio gives you tools to keep up with those changes with a logical data structure that enforces consistency and cascading updates. For example, if a business unit, division, or technology area is renamed, IPfolio will automatically update all records with occurrences of the piece of data that was changed.
You can also bulk-edit most fields in IPfolio’s list views by selecting multiple rows and double-clicking into a field – almost as easy as in a spreadsheet, but much more secure.
Needless to say, the system maintains a complete audit trail of changes all down to the field level.



 
 
 

 
  


 
 







                
                 
 					Customize anything and everything - yourself

                
                
                 
 						
How it looks

Screen layouts
Categorization
Custom fields
Field names
Custom tabs
Email templates
Reports, charts and dashboards



How work gets done

Tasks lists
Disclosure flows
Approval flows
Notifications & alerts
Validation rules
Workflow rules



Who can see what

Permissions
Security controls
External access
Collaboration groups












"IPfolio enabled us to centralize the entire IP Management Process in one place, having all the information available whenever and wherever needed." 
			Rüdiger Schmidt			Director of Business Development ,			 IK4 Tekniker,			 Spain		

 





 


 




























Contact Us - IPfolio























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




Thank You! 







Contact Us
Would you like a free demo or just start a conversation?  We are here to help you get the information you need. Start by filling out the form below. 
























First Name *
Last Name *Email *
Phone *
Company *
Country *
City *

Message




 


IPfolio Corporation
		2600 Tenth St #635
		Berkeley, CA 94710
		+1 (510) 982-1421
		


 
 

 
  


 
 




 


 





























Blog - IPfolio | IPfolio (company)




















































Our Product
Why IPfolio
Resources
Blog
Log In
Contact Us
English

Deutsch
































IPfolio Blog









































September 2016
Partnering With Salesforce to Deliver IP Management in the Cloud








Eighteen months ago, we published a two-part series, “Why the Legal Industry is Embracing the Cloud.” (If you missed it, read Part One and Part Two). In detailing the many advantages and benefits that our early customers were seeing, we addressed some important concerns and answered many questions about using cloud-based technology to manage IP programs.






























Subscribe to Email Updates










Recent Posts



Lonnie Johnson: My Life as a Curious Inventor


The Secret Life of a Patent Artist: A Q&A


Meet IPfolio at INTA see our Powerful new Trademark Management Software - Win a Robot!


“Diversity of Perspectives” Highlight 3rd IPforward Conference


IPforward Becoming “Can’t Miss” IP Management Conference


How to Become the World’s Most Efficient IP Department


Famous Patent Wars: 1900-1950


How To Measure Patent Quality: A View from Silicon Valley


What Is Patent Quality? A View from Silicon Valley


2016: The IPfolio Year in Review












Posts by Topic



IP Management (41)


IPfolio (38)


Innovation (28)


Patents (27)


IP Strategy (23)


Events (21)


patents (21)


intellectual property (20)


start-ups (20)


patent portfolio (16)


IP portfolio (14)


inventors (13)


Silicon Valley (12)


intellectual property management (10)


USPTO (8)


Tech Transfer (7)


software (7)


trademarks (7)


IP Checkups (6)


Trademarks (6)


Uncategorized (6)


Cloud (5)


IPforward Conference (5)


Intellectual Ventures (5)


Technology Transfer (5)


2012 (4)


Patent Information (4)


AUTM Annual Meeting (3)


IP (3)


IP assessment (3)


Salesforce.com (3)


Universities (3)


WIPO (3)


inventions (3)


2011 (2)


Anaheim (2)


Apple (2)


Christie Hefner (2)


Conference (2)


Crowdfunded (2)


EPO (2)


Europe (2)


Hamburg (2)


IPO (2)


IV (2)


Indiegogo (2)


LES Winter Meeting (2)


NPEs (2)


Patent (2)


Salesforce (2)


Steve Jobs (2)


Twitter (2)


Unycom (2)


auction (2)


iPad (2)


patent strategy (2)


startups (2)


universities (2)


Airplane Patent War (1)


Alexander Graham Bell (1)


AppExchange (1)


Arne Krüger (1)


Biarritz (1)


Budapest (1)


Customers (1)


Edison in the Boardroom (1)


Facebook (1)


Famous Patent Wars (1)


Forbes.com (1)


Gillette (1)


Global IP (1)


Global Innovation Summit (1)


Googel PageRank patent (1)


HP (1)


Harvard Business Review (1)


Howard Hughes (1)


ICAP Patent Brokerage (1)


IP Counsel Cafe (1)


IP Handbook (1)


IP Management (1)


IP Management Conference (1)


IP for Startups (1)


IP management software (1)


IP management strategy (1)


IPfolio (1)


IPfolio (company) (1)


IPfolio (product) (1)


IPforward (1)


Kodak (1)


LES (1)


Larry Page (1)


Leica Microsystems (1)


Levi Stadium (1)


Lonnie Johnson (1)


Moving Targets Consulting (1)


NFL (1)


News (1)


Ocean Tomo (1)


Olympics (1)


PCT Yearly Review (1)


Patent Art (1)


Patrick Sullivan (1)


Portfolio balance (1)


Radio Patent War (1)


Salesforce Ecosystem (1)


Santa Clara (1)


Santa Claus (1)


Sara Blakely (1)


Spanx (1)


Super Soaker (1)


Suzanne Harrison (1)


Tactical implementation (1)


TechConnect World (1)


Telephone (1)


Telephone Patent War (1)


Thomson Reuters (1)


UIIN (1)


UK (1)


University Industry Innovation Network (1)


Valuation (1)


World IP Day (1)


celebrities (1)


football (1)


intellectual property strategy (1)


most innovative companies (1)


nanotechnology (1)


number of patents (1)


patent management (1)


patent portfolio (1)


patent quality (1)


safety razor (1)


software (1)


spin-offs (1)


super bowl (1)


trademark management (1)


wired.com (1)


see all





























IP Management Software

IP Portfolio Manager
Inventors Portal
Reports & Dashboards
Total Control
Security
Plans & Pricing

About IPfolio

Company
Team
Customers
Testimonials
Background
Careers

IP Resources

Videos
White Papers
Events Calendar
Press and News

Blog

Contact Us
Privacy Policy

Follow Us

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+










































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















IPfolio Testimonials


























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




CompanyLeadershipCustomersPartnersTestimonialsBackgroundCareers 







Testimonials
Sharing our Customers’ Success From the very beginning of our journey with IPfolio, our customers and users in organizations small and large have rewarded us with enthusiastic feedback. Here is a sampling. 

























					Leica Microsystems					
'The uncomplicated approach in providing support to our team, and proactively suggesting optimizations, really makes all the difference.' 





				Tony Afram 
				Chief IP Counsel 
				Leica Microsystems 
				Wetzlar, Germany 





 



While I am really impressed with the IPfolio product and the amazing flexibility it provides in customization, I really want to emphasize the amazing support we obtain from the IPfolio team. Sebastian Lechner at IPfolio feels more like an extended team member of our department, rather than an “external service provider.”









					Cutting Edge IP Management System					
'I look forward to continuing to work with them for many years to come!' 





				Cyndi Losurdo 
				Senior Paralegal Specialist 
				PPC Broadband 
				East Syracuse, NY 





 



IPfolio provides superior IP portfolio management at a reasonable cost with more flexibility and functionality than the competition. Their support team (Kevin) is the best I have ever worked with in my 16 years of IP experience. I would recommend this company and product to anyone without hesitation. 
I was impressed from the start and continue to be surprised by their “can-do” attitude, the functionality of the system and continuous improvements. 









					Take the Plunge! You’ll Love it!					
'With IPfolio we are able to run sophisticated reports with a simple click and drag.' 





				Pearl Dorga 
				IP Legal Administrative Assistant 
				J.M. Huber Corporation 
				Atlanta, GA (USA) 





 



In the past we used traditional docketing programs that are not only very expensive but are created with law firms in mind. They are not geared for companies who use outside counsel to prosecute their IP but who still wishes to keep up with their portfolio from a business /in-house counsel perspective. 
When we learned about IPFolio, we were excited to finally be able to increase our functionality and decrease our cost by switching. We still had our reservations about migrating from one system to another. Anyone who has gone through this knows what a nightmare it can be but surprisingly even the data transfer was painless and the transition smooth. 
With IPfolio we are able to run sophisticated reports with a simple click and drag. We use it to help us conduct portfolio meetings, follow product development, keep sight of our domestic and foreign filings, track our IP expenses and manage IP contracts. The system is very flexible and can be modified to suit your specific needs without requiring you to pay extra for each and every change. This was a frustrating reality we had to deal with when using a docketing program. 
We have had the pleasure of working with Kevin Nugent throughout this whole process. He has truly made a all the difference and has exceeded our expectations. He is remarkably prompt when responding to our inquires, he is intuitive and is able to quickly come up with solutions to most of our queries. Kevin has a can do attitude and is always very pleasant. He has made us realize that IPFolio can do a lot of the same things our old system did but much much more. We do not know where he finds the time to do it all but he does his job at an extremely high level. We cannot tell you enough how thrilled we are to have such exceptional support team member. 
I know it may be scary but take the plunge!









					Great IP Management Tool					
'IPfolio has greatly enhanced our productivity and organization.' 





				Jodi Rappe 
				Intellectual Property Specialist 
				NuScale Power 
				Tigard, OR (USA) 





 



IPfolio is a fabulous tool. It is customizable, user friendly, and the reporting capabilities are great. It meets all our IT security guidelines, it is modern and the customer service is always very friendly and helpful, especially Kevin. He is highly knowledgeable and always friendly and happy to help in any way.
The price is reasonable and the look is attractive. It has greatly enhanced our productivity and organization. I love learning new features that I didn’t know were there before, and using it’s capabilities as much as possible.









					Modern Interface, powerful tool to mange IP					
"The modern interface and being cloud based has minimized our administrative costs / training requirements. "



 





				Michael Moriarty 
				Vice President - Patent Technology  
				Albany International Corp. 
				New Hampshire 





 



We have used IPfolio for over a year now managing our own IP and to track our competitor’s IP as well. The system has been very flexible to meet our needs while it remains relatively simple to use. It has automated many of our manual, repetitive, legacy tasks. The modern interface and being cloud based has minimized our administrative costs / training requirements.
Other systems that we explored did not have the report / export capabilities found in IPfolio – a strong requirement that fits our needs well.
The IPfolio team has been extremely responsive in addressing any issues as well as being open to suggestions for improvements / new features etc.









					Easy Customization and Management					
"Our team went from having Excel spreadsheets to using IPfolio and we couldn't be happier." 





				Amanda Nguyen 
				IP Operations 
				Quixey 
				Mountain View, California 





 



Our team went from having Excel spreadsheets to using IPfolio and we couldn’t be happier. It was very easy to customize IPfolio to fit our needs and the system continues to amaze us with their features. Now all our records are easily searchable within IP Folio. Their technical and customer support is quick to respond and very helpful.









					Great tool for virtually organizing company’s patent portfolio					
"Extremely happy and confident now that we have this tool in place." 





				Lauri Avila 
				Corporate Paralegal 
				Barracuda Networks 
				Campbell, CA (USA) 





 



I have been using IPfolio for several years now. This tool is great for organizing a company’s patent portfolio. I have highly recommended this tool to many companies and engineers. Employees come and go and this tool is a way to keep historical files organized and in one place and it is very user friendly. The staff at IPfolio are hands on and are extremely helpful throughout the whole process of setup to follow-up calls and questions.The graphs and charts are also very helpful in order to see the big picture of the company’s portfolio.
Extremely happy and confident now that we have this tool in place. Thank you!!!









					The perfect tool for the job!					
"If you want an IP management tool that is meant to help you and make your life 'easier' - then IPfolio is definitely the tool to choose."  





				Inghild Ross-Molnes 
				IP Services Manager 
				Subsea 7 
				London, UK 





 



A year and a half ago the excel spreadsheet I used to manage our company’s patent portfolio was about to collaps. 400 pages with many, many tabs. It was no longer an option. Together with our external patent attorney I started looking for an external online tool which could make my work easier and the day to day management and administration of the portfolio so that it was easily available to the IP team but also where our external patent attorneys could also work on the same tool.
As my team is spread between three different locations in the world, it was important to find something that was immediately updated, easy to use and which provided us with the “assistance” we needed. We reviewed several different available online IP tools, but after the presentation of IPfolio we knew what we wanted. It took a while to get everything set up exactly the way we wanted it, but IPfolio helped us the whole way and even programmed some extra tools just for us. I can highly recommend IPfolio both for small and large companies.
If you want an IP management tool that is meant to help you and make your life “easier” – then IPfolio is definitely the tool to choose.









					IPfolio is exactly what we were looking for					
"We have been using IPfolio for about a year and we keep discovering new useful functionalities that turn into money and time savers for us." 





				Daniel Leblanc 
				General Counsel 
				D-Box 
				Longueuil, QC, Canada 





 



We wanted to have a tool that made it easy for the in-house counsel to keep track of our IP portfolio by focusing on the evolution of an IP right from the invention stage all the way to the registered IP right/commercial product. We have an external patent agent who focuses on the prosecution of the IP right.
IPfolio does that and much more. We have been using it for about a year and we keep discovering new useful functionalities that turn into money and time savers for us. Whenever we have suggestions to make, we contact the IPfolio team who quickly follows up with ideas and/or updates. Highly recommended.









					Affordable, Full IP Management for TTO environments					
"With IPfolio we found a tool that allows us to manage the full range from invention disclosures, patents to licenses, contracts and post-deal management."





 





				Bas Nagelkerken 
				Technology Transfer Officer  
				Utrecht Holdings 
				The Netherlands 





 



As a Technology Transfer Office for two major knowledge institutes in the public arena (University and Medical Center) we required an affordable, flexible and easy to use IP management system to administer our patent portfolios.
With IPfolio we found just that and even more. In fact we now have a tool that allows us to manage the full range from invention disclosures, patents to licenses, contracts and post-deal management. Everything from an intuitive web-based environment, meaning we can access IP details from any site, being very convenient when serving and operating on an large University campus.
Furthermore, the IPfolio team gives great support with flexibility and custom solutions for any issues that might arise. Until now there is nothing that could not be solved or customized with a blink of the eye. Highly recommended.









					Intuitive and easy to use IP Management Tool					
"IPfolio enabled us to centralize the entire IP Management Process in one place, having all the information available whenever and wherever needed." 





				Rüdiger Schmidt 
				Director of Business Development  
				IK4 Tekniker 
				Spain 





 



We have been using IPfolio since late 2012 and there clearly has been a before and after in the way we handle IP within our organization. IPfolio enabled us to centralize the entire IP Management Process in one place, having all the information available whenever and wherever needed.
The support we received from Rupert and his team during implementation was second to none. Absolutely recommendable!









					The right tool for managing your IP Portfolio					
"IPfolio is an intuitive tool to use, with excellent technical and customer support."


 





				Wayne Jaggernauth 
				Intellectual Property Officer  
				Nikon Metrology 
				Leuven, Belgium 





 



We needed a tool for managing our IP from conception to commercialisation; a tool that would allow us to collaborate between IP teams, to record emails, documents and conversations as we went along, to produce reports we wanted, and to adapt as our IP workflow changes. We got exactly that and more with IPfolio. It is an intuitive tool to use, with excellent technical and customer support.
IPfolio has helped to cut the number of adminstrative tasks one has to perform, and simplifies management of a large complicated portfolio.









					Excellent product & service					
"Kevin and Heather are both a joy to work with and I simply could not be happier with the product and the service." 





				Charlie Zinsmeyer 
				Director of Intellectual Property 
				Axciom 
				Conway, AR (USA) 





 



“IPfolio was purchased to replace a very effective but aging system of home-grown spreadsheets that we had been using for nearly four years to manage our IP portfolio.
The second-biggest challenge has been adaptation of the base IPfolio product to incorporate the desired operational and reporting functionality that we had spent years building in our prior system. Here, genius-at-large Kevin Nugent has done an extraordinary job of both establishing that base-level functionality as well as being available often on very short notice to assist in on-the-job training for me.
The number one biggest challenge, however, has been the integration of years worth of parallel data that existed at our outside patent counsel’s firm. In this case, Kevin teamed with Heather Fleener to migrate that data into IPfolio then work thru a very tedious data-compare. Heather’s IPfolio expertise combined with very strong IP operational experience has ensured total success with very little downtime for me.”



  
 

 
  


 
 




 


 



























Ipfolio Corporation | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Information Technology Services Industry Report


















Ipfolio CorporationCompany Information

2600 10th St Ste 622Berkeley, CA, 94710 United States(510) 982-1421 †
http://www.ipfolio.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Ipfolio Corporation Company Profile
Custom computer programming services, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Ipfolio Corporation Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Berkeley, CA, United States
Information Technology Services







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days


































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.










Just Announced: Juristat/IPfolio Partnership — Juristat - Patent Analytics















































































                      
                        Just Announced: Juristat/IPfolio Partnership
                      
                    



March 16, 2016

by Austin Underhill













Integration will let users access examiner statistics from within their favorite management software
 
PALO ALTO, Calif., March 16, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Juristat, the legal technology company known for its industry-leading Patent Examiner Reports, announced today that it will team up with IPfolio to provide examiner analytics from within IPfolio's top-notch IP portfolio management tool. This partnership makes it easier than ever for patent prosecutors to view key examiner statistics without the hassle of navigating two platforms at once.
"We are excited to partner with IPfolio to bring our patent examiner analytics to savvy patent prosecutors around the country," said Drew Winship, co-founder and CEO of Juristat. "Big data is changing the way attorneys prosecute applications. Now users can access this valuable information right within the tools they know and love, like IPfolio."
Built on the secure platform of enterprise cloud computing pioneer Salesforce.com, IPfolio is a collaborative and easy-to-use suite of online software for managing IP assets through each lifecycle stage. The new integration with Juristat gives users an additional tool that improves allowance rates by as much as 11 percentage points.
"For IPfolio as an end-to-end IP Management platform, it is important to tie in with other state-of-the-art services and tools that IP managers, attorneys and paralegals use in different phases of the IP lifecycle," said Rupert Mayer, IPfolio's founder and CEO. "Juristat's advanced prosecution analytics add substantial value for making informed decisions and approaching portfolio development from a strategic angle, and we are glad to make them available to our users at a fingertip."
This integration is available to users who subscribe to each service. Both companies boast a wide array of existing customers that include Fortune 100 companies, mid-sized private organizations, global law firms, and cutting-edge boutique firms.
If you're interested in learning more about this integration, just fill out this short form and we will be in touch:
About Juristat
Juristat transforms public patent data into actionable analytics to help firms and in-house counsels optimize patent prosecution strategies. Its cutting-edge and highly scalable products are primed to change the way law firms and businesses approach patents and the law. The company's debut product, Juristat Patent Examiner Reports, analyzes past behaviors of all USPTO patent examiners to predict their future behavior. Juristat's newest products use big data to assist law firms with business development and help companies select outside counsel. For more information, please visit http://www.juristat.com.
About IPfolio
IPfolio Corporation was founded in 2012 as an independent spinoff of Unycom, the European leader in Enterprise IP Management. Its mission is to make life easier for corporate IP managers, in-house IP teams, and technology transfer offices. Cloud-based, flexible, and easy to get started, IPfolio reduces administrative overhead, allows better visibility into the IP portfolio, and enables IP management at a strategic level by tying inventions to products, markets, and revenue streams. The company is privately held and has its headquarters in Berkeley, California. For more information, please visit http://www.ipfolio.com.
Media Contact: Austin Underhill, Juristat, 5732806221, austin.underhill@juristat.com
News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com
 
If you're interested in learning more about this integration,
just fill out this short form and we will be in touch.
 


          
          
              Comment
            
          
          






























Leadership - IPfolio























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




CompanyLeadershipCustomersPartnersTestimonialsBackgroundCareers 







Leadership
A Team of IP Experts All members of the IPfolio leadership team have a strong understanding of how corporate IP management processes work, fueled by deep industry experience. 
























Rupert Mayer
Founder & CEO
 



Rupert founded IPfolio in 2012, after being part of Unycom’s growth story in various roles for almost a decade. Before Unycom, he had started his first business by developing the first commercial docketing system for Austrian IP law firms. Active in the field of intellectual property management software for his entire career, Rupert knows the IP software market and requirements in and out. He has worked closely with more than 100 companies and dozens of law firms on all aspects of the IP management process, ranging from docketing to IP workflow automation to inventor incentive programs, strategic reporting, competitive intelligence, and portfolio management.
Rupert holds a Master’s degree in Industrial Engineering from Vienna University of Technology and has lived in Denmark, Austria, Germany, Spain and the United States.
 






 







Damian Durrant
VP, Enterprise Solutions
 



Damian is responsible for all growth-related activities at IPfolio. He joined the company in 2015 after fifteen years in special projects, litigation support and e-discovery in law firms and on the professional services side, overseeing complex services delivery for major corporate clients. He brings a varied experience from applying technology and project management to varied aspects of law practice, to marketing and business development.
Damian holds a BSc (Soc Sci) from Southampton University and a JD from University of California Hastings College of the Law.
 
 
 






 







Kevin Nugent
VP, Customer Success
 



Kevin joined IPfolio in early 2014 after holding various positions as customer support manager, implementation consultant, project leader, and product manager throughout the IP management software industry for more than a decade. In previous jobs, he established a reputation as a “firefighter” who can save even the most troubled client relationships with his unique combination of problem-solving and communication skills. He has not needed his fire-fighting capabilities at IPfolio and can now thrive on helping customers to be even more successful with his fast-growing team.
Kevin holds a B.A. in German Literature from Towson University and an MBA in Global Management from the University of Phoenix. His foreign language skills, which currently cover German, Spanish and Italian, make him a particularly excellent fit for IPfolio’s global-minded team.
 






 







Susan Prohofsky Krelitz
Director of Business Development & U.S. Counsel
 



Susan is a licensed attorney with a 15-year track record in marketing and sales of intellectual property management software and related services at several major players in the industry. She joined IPfolio in 2012 and is responsible for guiding and supporting new prospects on their way from initial contact to signed contract. As an expert in Intellectual Asset Management, she also teaches the subject at William Mitchell College of Law to help students understand how intellectual property law and rights intersect with business and the economy on both a global scale and in industry segments.
Susan holds a BA in Political Science from the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities and a JD in law from William Mitchell College of Law. She is passionate about client relationships, intellectual asset management and business development.
 






 







Paul Huffman
Director of Information Security
 



Paul Huffman is a technology professional with 18 years experience in Corporate IT, serving IPfolio in a dual role as Director of Information Security and Senior Solution Architect. Before joining IPfolio, he was a senior leader in the IT group at a global public relations firm where he had dual roles as well. As a group manager, Paul was responsible for IT operations for the agency’s West Coast offices, including planning and implementing Corporate IT security policies. He honed his project management and consulting skills as the leader of the company’s “Technology Consulting” initiative, which focused on finding and implementing innovative IT solutions.
Paul holds a BA in Psychology from the University of California at Los Angeles.
 






 







Fernando Beils
Board Member
 



Fernando is a seasoned executive who is currently responsible for the Molecular Diagnostics business in the Healthcare division of Siemens AG as its Managing Director. Fernando knows how to run a business, lead a senior team, acquire the right talent and keep a winning momentum. He is a valued advisor to IPfolio on various issues related to finance, organization, compliance and recruiting.
Fernando got his Masters Degree in Business Administration at the European Business School in Madrid and later deepened his management training at INSEAD and Babson College. His career at Siemens has taken him from Madrid to Munich, Mexico City, New York, and the San Francisco Bay Area.
 






 







Christoph Machner
Board Member
 



Christoph is the CEO of Austrian IT Services company Webquake, and a longtime business partner from Rupert’s pre-IPfolio ventures. He had his first touchpoint with patents in the 1990’s when working in DaimlerChrysler’s IT services group on a software project for the Austrian Patent Office. This experience led him to create a web-based patent information service several years later, which he built into Unycom’s successful PatentPilot business together with Rupert from 2004 on. Christoph complements our board with his entrepreneurial vision and deep experience related to IT security and operations.
Christoph studied Telematics and Telecoms Engineering at the Technical University of Graz. He thrives on challenging IT projects, such as delivering broadband TV streaming to superyachts and engineering a high-security datacenter in a former mine tunnel in the Austrian Alps.
 






 


  
 

 
  


 
 




 


 




























IP Resources - IPfolio























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




VideosWhite Papers & Case StudiesEvents CalendarPress and NewsIPforward ConferenceIPforward Dinner & Discussion 







Resources






















    From the Blog More from the Blog




			January 2017		 
2016: The Year in Review
 

Welcome to 2017. While the New Year is a natural time to look forward and plan the coming year, I always like to spend some…
 
 



			December 2016		 
Infamous Patent Wars Part 1: 1850-1900
 

“Regardless of the outcome such a patent war would be cripplingly expensive. Both sides risk wasting immense amounts of money and time while their competition…
 
 

	
    
Press & News More News




			December 2016		 
IPfolio Recognized as Advanced IP Management Solution Provider in New Hyperion Industry Report
 

Independent Research Confirms IPfolio’s Highly Innovative Approach to Intellectual Property Business Management BERKELEY, Calif., December 14, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ — In its newest analysis of Intellectual Property…
 
 



			October 2016		 
IPfolio Integrates with SimpleLegal to Further Unify the IP Management Process
 

Silicon Valley’s cloud-based legal tech pioneers IPfolio and SimpleLegal integrate their offerings to improve process efficiency for corporate Legal and IP groups.  BERKELEY, Calif., October…
 
   
 

 




EventsOct 17-1828th Annual All Hands Meeting 2017Santa Clara, CAMore Events Featured White Paper
Docketing vs. IP Asset Management
More White Papers


  
  


 
 




 


 




























Videos - IPfolio
























































































 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 




VideosWhite Papers & Case StudiesEvents CalendarPress and NewsIPforward ConferenceIPforward Dinner & Discussion 







Learn the Basics of Using IPfolio
Tutorial Videos We have created a series of short videos that will help you get the most out of your free trial of IPfolio. Learn how to create create records, send and receive emails, build your first custom report and chart, and how to use the portfolio management tools. 






















#1 Getting started with Inventions and IP Rights
#2 Email Tools
#3 Reports & Dashboards
#4 Strategy Tools
 
   
 

 




 


  
  


 
 

 









"Our team went from having Excel spreadsheets to using IPfolio and we couldn't be happier." 
			Amanda Nguyen			IP Operations,			 Quixey,			 Mountain View, California		

 










 




 


 


 
























 IPfolio Software | G2 Crowd


SearchWrite ReviewBrowseSoftwareServicesUser InfoProfile DetailsProduct AdminSoftware I UseNotificationsSign OutSign In / Sign UpAboutAbout UsTeamCareersIn the NewsPress ReleasesInformation for Solution ProvidersTestimonialsG2 GivesBlogWrite ReviewSoftwareServicesAboutAbout UsTeamCareersIn the NewsPress ReleasesInformation for Solution ProvidersTestimonialsG2 GivesBlogProfile DetailsProduct AdminSoftware I UseNotificationsSign OutSign In / Sign Up ReviewsProfilePricingFAQReviewsProfilePricingFAQ



      Save
    


Follow thisFollowingI use thisI use thisIPfolio (1) 5.0 out of 5 starsIPfolio provides collaborative IP management software that is designed for corporate IP groups of all sizes, with what you need to engage your inventors and start managing your portfolio strategically.Request a DemoWork for IPfolio?Update this ProfileAdminAdd Free TrialAdd Demo VideoLearning about IPfolio?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Find the Right ProductCategoriesIntellectual Property ManagementTop IPfolio Alternatives1Inteum (26) 2FoundationIP (25) 3Inprotech (5) More alternatives to IPfolioWhat is IPfolio Software?IPfolio provides next-generation, cloud-based IP Management software that helps with all aspects of creating and managing a corporate IP portfolio. IPfolio reduces administrative overhead, allows better visibility into the IP portfolio, facilitates collaboration and decision-making throughout global teams, and enables IP management at a strategic level by tying IP assets to products, markets, and revenue streams.Ask IPfolio a QuestionIPfolio Details Provided by: Rupert MayerCEO at IPfolio CorporationWebsitewww.ipfolio.comLanguages SupportedChinese, English, German, PortugueseIPfolio ScreenshotsVendorIPfolioCompany Websitewww.ipfolio.comYear Founded2012LinkedIn® Pagewww.linkedin.comEmployees on LinkedIn®5Twitter@IPfolioTwitter Followers1219Show moreShow fewerCategoriesIntellectual Property ManagementTop IPfolio Alternatives1Inteum (26) 2FoundationIP (25) 3Inprotech (5) More alternatives to IPfolioLearning about IPfolio?We can help you find the solution that fits you best.Find the Right ProductSign in to continueSign in withorBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyNew to G2 Crowd?  Sign UpSign up to continueSign up withorSign up with an emailBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAlready have an account? Sign inIn order to continue you will need to authenticate via LinkedIn®Sign in withBy proceeding, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWhy LinkedIn®?Using LinkedIn® ensures that we only have real business users contributing and sharing authentic
data that everyone can trust.

  When you connect to G2 with LinkedIn®, we will receive:



    Your profile information - We'll automatically populate your G2 Crowd profile with your company name,
    industry, company size, and skills from your LinkedIn® profile; you control whether this information is
    shown publicly on G2 Crowd.
  

    Email address - You can add a different email address to your G2 Crowd account, and you can turn off or adjust
    the frequency of G2 Crowd notifications.
  

    Connections - We access your connections to show you reviews written by your network. We don't access your
    connections' contact information, and we never message your connections.
  



    We will never post anything back to your LinkedIn® account on your behalf without your permission.
    Earning and keeping your trust is important to us.
  

Would you like to receive more information from IPfolio?Yes Please

 










Ipfolio Corporation | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Information Technology Services Industry Report















Ipfolio Corporation Revenue and Financial Data
Custom computer programming services, nsk







Financials Information for Ipfolio Corporation

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.26 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$-0.114511


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















IPfolio Recognized as Advanced IP Management Solution Provider in New Hyperion Industry ReportHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballIPfolio Recognized as Advanced IP Management Solution Provider in New Hyperion Industry ReportPR NewswireDecember 14, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareBERKELEY, Calif., Dec. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- In its newest analysis of Intellectual Property (IP) Management software providers, Hyperion Global Partners has lauded IPfolio Corp. as an enabler of the next generation of IP Management, naming the Berkeley, CA legal software developer as one of six "Advanced Solution Providers" meeting global demand for "end-to-end" systems.IPfolio is singled out in Hyperion's 2016 MarketView™ Report for IP Management Systems for the way it helps companies take advantage of Intellectual Property Business Management (IPBM), a modern approach that's replacing an historically narrow focus on patent and trademark prosecution. As the operational realities of IP evolve to increasingly synchronize information management with underlying business lifecycles, companies need their IP systems to do more. Hyperion sees IPfolio's modularized product architecture, along the IP lifecycle phases of Invent, Protect and Utilize, as "exemplifying the spectrum" and potential created by IPBM."I'm quite impressed by the depth and scope of the report, and it is good to also see others in our industry try to better support the business value of IP, which has been central to our mission since launching in 2012, " said IPfolio Founder and CEO Rupert Mayer. "We are delighted to see this independent research value our growth, from the original foundation of strong asset management into a promising IP ecosystem that our customers can tap into for making IPBM part of their business operations."'Highly Innovative' Designations for IPfolioAs a result of researching the impact IPfolio has had on customers, Hyperion concludes that certain capabilities merit special recognition, and are worthy of "Highly Innovative" status. The designation is limited to technical capabilities considered to be significantly novel in the IP Management solutions market. Highly Innovative recognition for IPfolio includes:SALESFORCE PLATFORM:IPfolio's strategy to develop an IPBM solution on the Salesforce platform delivers a unique value proposition to clients with a broad set of mature tools and capabilities, ease-of-deployment and decreased Total Cost of Ownership.STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS:Smart partnerships with third-party service providers, such as annuities management, filing services, and a cloud-based country rules engine, add value to the software solution.A Growing Profile in the IP MarketHyperion describes IPfolio as a fully-featured product with enterprise-class reliability, scalability, security and speed in the format of a "very capable, easy-to-deploy, SaaS-based option for corporations of differing sizes."The report also alludes to significant customer wins in 2016, one of which was Integrated Device Technologies (IDT). Bruce Elder, Legal Director and Head of IP and Licensing at IDT, has already seen the upside:"IPfolio has made a lot of product decisions that have been IP management home runs, especially building on the Salesforce platform and offering extensive front-end configuration tools that make getting started so much easier," Elder commented. "When you inevitably need to make changes later on, you'll really appreciate the flexibility to easily reconfigure your processes. The lack of this flexibility was a key reason for switching to IPfolio from our legacy patent management system. IPfolio customer support is stellar, as is the rate of new features and functionality, most notably the Private PAIR integration. I am not surprised that IPfolio is doing so well against competitors that have been around for much longer."About the ReportMarketView Report: Intellectual Property Management Systems for Corporations was released December 6, 2016 by Hyperion Global Partners, a global consultancy that provides market intelligence to the legal profession. The report analyzes and interprets trends affecting the market for IPM solutions and provides comprehensive evaluations of the market participants and Advanced Solution Providers that define the legal IPM solution landscape.About IPfolioIPfolio is the pioneer of truly cloud-based Intellectual Property (IP) Lifecycle Management for the enterprise. Built on the Salesforce AppCloud for ultimate scalability, performance, and flexibility, IPfolio reduces administrative overhead, allows strategic visibility into the IP portfolio, and fosters collaboration between all stakeholders in the IP Management process. The company is privately held and has its headquarters in Berkeley, California. For more information, please visit http://www.ipfolio.comMedia Contact: Damian Durrant, IPfolio Corporation, +1-213-598-0741, damian.durrant@ipfolio.comNews distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextPorsche says it found 'irregular' software as Germany recalls diesel CayenneAutoblogEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredApple Just Posted a Bunch of Work-From-Home Job OpportunitiesFortuneWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderMcCain, once belittled by Trump, hands him big defeat in healthcare voteFranz Josef: Forget about the McCain Trump duo for a moment.  The bottom line is that millions of hard working Americans can no longer afford Health Insurance with it's high premiums and high deductibles.  Who does get great health insurance?  Well those in Congress, government employees, the rich, those on welfare, those on prison, illegal aliens.  System broke.  Fix it for the middle class working person, Democrat or Republican.Join the Conversation1 / 5326








