




























Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 1,975 Shares of Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Vulcan Materials Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Vulcan Materials Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

42,876 Shares in Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Acquired by Ibex Wealth Advisors
Blue Apron Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:APRN) Coverage Initiated at Needham & Company LLC
Blue Apron Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:APRN) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc.
The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) Position Increased by Chemung Canal Trust Co.
West Corporation (WSTC) Position Boosted by Credit Suisse AG
Credit Suisse AG Has $4.08 Million Stake in Popular, Inc. (NASDAQ:BPOP)
Credit Suisse AG Has $4.23 Million Stake in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (FRAN)
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Lowers Position in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR)
Michael Kors Holdings Limited (KORS) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts
TD Securities Boosts West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. (TSE:WFT) Price Target to C$74.00
Eqis Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in LeMaitre Vascular, Inc. (LMAT)
Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) Price Target Cut to C$36.00
Ledyard National Bank Maintains Position in BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP)
Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Acquires 46,462 Shares of Mattel, Inc. (MAT)
PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM) Position Increased by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.
Inter Parfums (IPAR) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates
Keywords Studios PLC (LON:KWS) Upgraded at Numis Securities Ltd
Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CPS) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday
Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (EARN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday



 


Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 1,975 Shares of Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. decreased its position in  Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC) by 23.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 6,420 shares of the construction company’s stock after selling 1,975 shares during the period. Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.’s holdings in Vulcan Materials were worth $813,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in  Vulcan Materials by 3.2% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 13,039,804 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $1,571,036,000 after buying an additional 409,777 shares during the period.  BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in  Vulcan Materials by 2,909.7% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,067,195 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $971,936,000 after buying an additional 7,799,158 shares during the last quarter.  JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in  Vulcan Materials by 10.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,647,016 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $559,872,000 after buying an additional 443,701 shares during the last quarter.  Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in  Vulcan Materials by 9.4% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 1,249,739 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $150,345,000 after buying an additional 107,089 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd bought a new stake in  Vulcan Materials during the first quarter valued at approximately $138,381,000. 86.03% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Vulcan Materials Company alerts:



Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) traded up 0.24% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $126.49. The company had a trading volume of 132,559 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $16.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 40.46 and a beta of 0.94. Vulcan Materials Company has a 12-month low of $105.71 and a 12-month high of $138.18. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $127.94 and its 200 day moving average is $124.16. 




Vulcan Materials (NYSE:VMC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 10th. The construction company reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.12. Vulcan Materials had a return on equity of 8.80% and a net margin of 11.61%. The business had revenue of $787 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $743.79 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.26 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts expect that  Vulcan Materials Company will post $4.06 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 8th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, August 23rd will be given a $0.25 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, August 21st. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.79%. Vulcan Materials’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 32.15%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 1,975 Shares of Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC)” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/ipswich-investment-management-co-inc-sells-1975-shares-of-vulcan-materials-company-nysevmc.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently commented on VMC shares. Argus increased their price objective on Vulcan Materials from $140.00 to $145.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 9th. Citigroup Inc.  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Vulcan Materials in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $154.00 price objective on shares of Vulcan Materials in a report on Monday, June 19th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Vulcan Materials from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, BidaskClub raised Vulcan Materials from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, June 10th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating and six have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Vulcan Materials currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $138.60.
In other news, VP Ejaz A. Khan sold 2,024 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $125.30, for a total transaction of $253,607.20. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, General Counsel Jerry F. Perkins, Jr. sold 306 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $132.00, for a total value of $40,392.00. Following the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 5,292 shares in the company, valued at approximately $698,544. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 6,743 shares of company stock worth $876,515. Insiders own  0.89% of the company’s stock. 
About Vulcan Materials
Vulcan Materials Company is a supplier of construction aggregates (primarily crushed stone, sand and gravel) and a producer of asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete. The Company operates through four segments: Aggregates, Asphalt Mix, Concrete and Calcium. The Aggregates segment produces and sells aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel, sand, and other aggregates) and related products and services (transportation and other).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VMC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC).







Receive News & Ratings for Vulcan Materials Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vulcan Materials Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




42,876 Shares in Valero Energy Corporation  Acquired by Ibex Wealth Advisors





Blue Apron Holdings Inc  Receives New Coverage from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc.





Blue Apron Holdings Inc  Coverage Initiated at Needham & Company LLC





The Priceline Group Inc.  Position Increased by Chemung Canal Trust Co.





Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Lowers Position in OraSure Technologies, Inc. 





Credit Suisse AG Has $4.23 Million Stake in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Reduces Position in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Microsoft Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Microsoft Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Jsr Corp (JSCPY) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Hold Rating for Etsy, Inc. (ETSY)
Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Reduces Position in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
Nationwide Fund Advisors Continues to Hold Position in Calpine Corporation (CPN)
FENNER (FNERF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT)
Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Bought by Country Trust Bank
Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Boosts Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS)
Howard Hughes Medical Institute Sells 11,721 Shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD)
Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Has $6.98 Million Stake in Wells Fargo & Company (WFC)
Hikari Power Ltd Maintains Position in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM)
Fisher Asset Management LLC Increases Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB)
Brokerages Set Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Target Price at $108.67
Dorel Industries Inc. (DIIBF) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (LBAI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Holds Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)
Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Shares Sold by Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC
Howland Capital Management LLC Has $38.70 Million Position in General Electric Company (GE)
Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Has $7.26 Million Stake in AT&T Inc. (T)
Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Bought by Bollard Group LLC


 


Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Reduces Position in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. cut its position in shares of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 124,777 shares of the software giant’s stock after selling 323 shares during the period. Microsoft Corporation accounts for 3.6% of Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.’s holdings in Microsoft Corporation were worth $8,218,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in shares of Microsoft Corporation during the fourth quarter worth $155,000. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new position in shares of Microsoft Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $160,000. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC purchased a new position in shares of Microsoft Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $161,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Microsoft Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $186,000. Finally, Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Microsoft Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $205,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.74% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Microsoft Corporation alerts:



Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) traded down 0.58% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $73.79. The company had a trading volume of 46,717,082 shares. The stock has a market cap of $569.70 billion, a PE ratio of 32.56 and a beta of 1.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $70.77 and its 200-day moving average price is $66.84. Microsoft Corporation has a 12 month low of $55.61 and a 12 month high of $74.30. Microsoft Corporation also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Traders purchased 91,928 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 352% compared to the typical daily volume of 20,348 put options.




Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The software giant reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.27. Microsoft Corporation had a net margin of 23.57% and a return on equity of 37.17%. The business had revenue of $24.70 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.29 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.69 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Microsoft Corporation will post $3.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, September 14th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, August 17th will be paid a $0.39 dividend. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, August 15th. Microsoft Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is presently 57.78%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/microsoft-corporation-msft-is-ipswich-investment-management-co-inc-s-2nd-largest-position-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of Microsoft Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Bank of America Corporation reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 price target on shares of Microsoft Corporation in a report on Friday, June 16th. Cowen and Company raised their price target on Microsoft Corporation from $70.00 to $74.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Vetr raised Microsoft Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.61 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, June 12th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $73.00 target price on shares of Microsoft Corporation in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and twenty-eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $75.12.
In other news, insider Jean Philippe Courtois sold 26,165 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.00, for a total value of $1,805,385.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 570,843 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $39,388,167. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director William H. Gates III sold 2,500,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.40, for a total transaction of $173,500,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 12,060,786 shares of company stock worth $831,893,332 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 2.99% of the company’s stock. 
About Microsoft Corporation
Microsoft Corporation is a technology company. The Company develops, licenses, and supports a range of software products, services and devices. The Company’s segments include Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing. The Company’s products include operating systems; cross-device productivity applications; server applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games, and training and certification of computer system integrators and developers. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Microsoft Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































 


 




Home | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 










































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 














































 
 
 
 
 








Home




Welcome
Founded in 1986, IIM is a privately owned, independent, registered investment advisory firm located in Ipswich, Massachusetts. We provide personalized money management services for a diverse group of clients including individuals, family trusts, endowments, retirement accounts, profit sharing and pension plans.
Contact us today.

 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








﻿






























Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Has $436,000 Stake in PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for PerkinElmer Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor PerkinElmer Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Redhill Biopharma (RDHL) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.35
Generac Holdlings Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC
Partner Communications (PTNR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Atria Investments LLC Has $433,000 Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA)
Welltower Inc. (NYSE:HCN) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.
KBR, Inc. (NYSE:KBR) Stake Held by Hexavest Inc.
Insider Selling: Zynga Inc. (ZNGA) Director Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock
Brokerages Set Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (NYSE:ARI) PT at $18.00
UMB Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:UMBF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Altfest L J & Co. Inc. Purchases New Stake in Realty Income Corporation (O)
Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Purchases New Position in Stewart Information Services Corporation (NYSE:STC)
M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) Position Held by Altfest L J & Co. Inc.
Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Purchases New Position in Interface, Inc. (TILE)
Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Invests $1.84 Million in Itron, Inc. (ITRI)
Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management UK Ltd. Invests $1.59 Million in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:BR)
Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Has $436,000 Stake in PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI)
Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Buys 366 Shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MBWM)
Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp
First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:FMBI) Stake Maintained by Hexavest Inc.



 


Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Has $436,000 Stake in PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI)

					Posted by George Bondi on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 



Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. maintained its position in shares of  PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 6,400 shares of the medical research company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.’s holdings in PerkinElmer were worth $436,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Levin Capital Strategies L.P. raised its stake in  PerkinElmer by 61.9% in the first quarter. Levin Capital Strategies L.P. now owns 980,463 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $56,926,000 after buying an additional 374,761 shares during the last quarter.  Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. raised its position in shares of  PerkinElmer by 3.0% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 94,643 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $5,495,000 after buying an additional 2,759 shares in the last quarter.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in shares of  PerkinElmer by 8.4% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 772,837 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $40,304,000 after buying an additional 59,736 shares in the last quarter.  Swiss National Bank raised its position in shares of  PerkinElmer by 0.8% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 181,200 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $10,520,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Boston Private Wealth LLC raised its position in shares of  PerkinElmer by 10.0% in the first quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC now owns 10,736 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $623,000 after buying an additional 975 shares in the last quarter. 92.43% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get PerkinElmer Inc. alerts:



PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) traded down 0.39% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $69.25. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 44,081 shares. The firm has a market cap of $7.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.76 and a beta of 0.76. The company’s 50-day moving average is $67.00 and its 200 day moving average is $59.34. PerkinElmer, Inc. has a 12-month low of $45.35 and a 12-month high of $70.16. 




PerkinElmer (NYSE:PKI) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The medical research company reported $0.55 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.54 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $514.12 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $506.81 million. PerkinElmer had a return on equity of 13.97% and a net margin of 10.24%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 3.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.50 earnings per share.  Equities analysts forecast that  PerkinElmer, Inc. will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, August 10th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 21st will be paid a dividend of $0.07 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 19th. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.40%. PerkinElmer’s dividend payout ratio  is 13.66%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first  posted by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/24/ipswich-investment-management-co-inc-has-436000-stake-in-perkinelmer-inc-pki.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $69.00 target price (up from $58.00) on shares of PerkinElmer in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. Cantor Fitzgerald  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of PerkinElmer in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Barclays PLC  set a $55.00 target price on PerkinElmer and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 6th. Citigroup Inc. upped their target price on PerkinElmer from $57.00 to $67.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, BidaskClub lowered PerkinElmer from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. PerkinElmer  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $64.14.
In related news, Director Peter Barrett sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.22, for a total value of $632,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 29,200 shares in the company, valued at $1,846,024. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Andrew Okun sold 4,358 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total value of $283,270.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 16,799 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,091,935. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 170,923 shares of company stock worth $10,340,269. Insiders own  2.20% of the company’s stock. 
PerkinElmer Company Profile
PerkinElmer, Inc is a provider of products, services and solutions to the diagnostics, research, environmental, industrial and laboratory services markets. The Company operates through two segments: Discovery & Analytical Solutions and Diagnostics. The Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment serves the environmental, food, industrial, life sciences research and laboratory services markets.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PKI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI).







Receive News & Ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Redhill Biopharma  Given News Sentiment Score of 0.35





Atria Investments LLC Has $433,000 Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc. 





Welltower Inc.  Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.





Q2 Holdings, Inc.  Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages





Partner Communications  Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds





Generac Holdlings Inc.  Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


﻿




























Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Has $225,000 Position in BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for BroadSoft Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor BroadSoft Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Munchener Ruckvers (MEURV) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €180.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts
Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €68.00 by UBS AG
Peugeot SA (UG) PT Set at €18.00 by Macquarie
STMicroelectronics NV (EPA:STM) Given a €15.00 Price Target at UBS AG
Centrica PLC (CNA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Primary Health Properties PLC (LON:PHP) Insider Ian Rutter O.B.E Buys 422 Shares
Danone SA (EPA:BN) Given a €67.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts
Unilever NV (UNIA) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets
LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (EPA:MC) Given a €240.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts
Societe Generale Reiterates €123.00 Price Target for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML)
Roche Holding Ltd. (VTX:ROG) PT Set at CHF 260 by UBS AG
Standard Life Plc (SL) Insider Keith Skeoch Purchases 29 Shares
Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Earns “Hold” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd
IG Group Holdings plc (LON:IGG) Receives Neutral Rating from Citigroup Inc.
Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) Insider Steven Maddock Buys 41 Shares of Stock
Oxford BioMedica plc (LON:OXB) Price Target Increased to GBX 8.70 by Analysts at N+1 Singer
Kepler Capital Markets Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Greencore Group plc (GNC)
Faroe Petroleum plc (LON:FPM) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie
Domino's Pizza Group PLC. (DOM) Given Buy Rating at Peel Hunt



 


Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Has $225,000 Position in BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. held its stake in  BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 5,218 shares of the software maker’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.’s holdings in BroadSoft were worth $225,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in  BroadSoft by 22.7% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 10,799 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $434,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares in the last quarter.  Swiss National Bank increased its stake in  BroadSoft by 3.1% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 49,700 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $1,998,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter.  Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS increased its stake in  BroadSoft by 0.8% in the first quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS now owns 201,604 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $8,104,000 after buying an additional 1,685 shares in the last quarter.  UMB Bank N A MO boosted its position in shares of  BroadSoft by 20.5% in the first quarter. UMB Bank N A MO now owns 8,800 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $354,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Quotient Investors LLC boosted its position in shares of  BroadSoft by 1.7% in the first quarter. Quotient Investors LLC now owns 17,600 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $708,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. 


 Get BroadSoft Inc. alerts:



BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT) traded up 0.70% on Monday, reaching $42.95. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 15,682 shares. The firm’s market cap is $1.32 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $42.49 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.05. BroadSoft, Inc. has a 52-week low of $33.85 and a 52-week high of $48.40. 




BroadSoft (NASDAQ:BSFT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The software maker reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.03. BroadSoft had a positive return on equity of 5.12% and a negative net margin of 2.36%. The firm had revenue of $79.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $80.42 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.37 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 9.0% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts expect that  BroadSoft, Inc. will post $2.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Has $225,000 Position in BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT)” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/ipswich-investment-management-co-inc-has-225000-position-in-broadsoft-inc-bsft.html. 
BSFT has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. William Blair  restated a “buy” rating on shares of BroadSoft in a research report on Sunday, April 9th. Needham & Company LLC decreased their price target on BroadSoft from $48.00 to $44.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. BidaskClub upgraded BroadSoft from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. ValuEngine upgraded BroadSoft from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on BroadSoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $44.00 price target on the stock. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $47.33.
About BroadSoft
BroadSoft, Inc is a global provider of software and services that enable telecommunications service providers to deliver hosted, cloud-based Unified Communications (UC) to their enterprise customers. The BroadSoft Business solution is a communications and collaboration offering that enables telecommunications service providers to offer businesses and other enterprises UC features and functionalities on a cloud-delivered basis without the need for traditional premise-based private branch exchange (PBX) equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BSFT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT).







Receive News & Ratings for BroadSoft Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BroadSoft Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Munchener Ruckvers  Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts





Volkswagen AG  Given a €180.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts





STMicroelectronics NV  Given a €15.00 Price Target at UBS AG





Peugeot SA  PT Set at €18.00 by Macquarie





Schneider Electric SE  PT Set at €68.00 by UBS AG





Centrica PLC  to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc                                                                                     - Ipswich                                           , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Ipswich



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc
                                    



 





















I 


Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



53 S MAIN ST IPSWICH, MA 01938
Get Directions



(978) 356-6333
www.ipswichinvestment.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 1986
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $790,598.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts William G Markos                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc                                                                                     is located at 53 S Main St in Ipswich and has been in the business of Investment Advisory Service since 1986. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




Resources | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 









































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Resources 
Resources




Here are some useful resources to help you:
Useful Websites
News:

The Wall Street Journal
The Financial Times
The Economist
Bloomberg

Calculators

Retirement Calculator
College Savings Calculator
Loan Calculator
Savings Calculator
401(k) and IRA Minimum Required Distribution Calculator

Link Disclosure: The information being provided is strictly as a courtesy. When you link to any of the websites provided here, you are leaving this website. We make no representation as to the completeness or accuracy of information provided at these websites. Nor is the company liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues or any consequences arising out of your access to or your use of third-party technologies, websites, information and programs made available through this website. When you access one of these websites, you are leaving our website and assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the websites you are linking to.

 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








 




Our Team | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 









































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Our Team 
Our Team











Eric H. Jostrom



Chairman and Chief Investment Officer



Eric is Chairman, Chief Investment Officer & Member of the Investment Committee of Ipswich Investment Management Co. Prior to joining IIM, he was a Managing Director and Member of the Investment Committee for Beacon Fiduciary Advisors Inc. (Acquired by Bank of New York and renamed BNY Trust Company.)
Eric is presently affiliated with Iceman Capital Advisors as a Director and Member of the Investment Committee in the United Kingdom. Previously, Eric was Deputy Managing Director for Scimitar Global Asset Management Co. LTD in Bermuda and Director for Scimitar Asset Management Co. LTD in the United Kingdom. He was President and Managing Director & Shareholder for Scimitar North American Asset Management Co., Inc. He held positions as Director for Indosuez International Advisors S.A. Paris, and later Indocam International Investment Advisors S.A., and Indosuez Asia Advisors in Hong Kong. Eric was also President of Asia Strategic Growth Fund, Inc. Earlier in his career, Eric was a Research Analyst, Vice President and Officer for Eaton & Howard (which became Eaton Vance).
Eric is a retired U.S. Armed Forces Commander USN and qualified as a Defense Attaché. He is also an active participant in local and professional organizations. His memberships include the Boston Financial Analysts Society, The Boston Economic Club, and a Trustee and Corporation Member of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute in Falmouth, MA. He also serves on its Investment Committee and its Business Development Committee. Eric is also a member of the Conservation Commission in Sugar Hill, NH. Eric graduated from Babson College with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and Investments and has graduate work in International Economics.










Alexander M. Colby, CFA



President and Chief Executive Officer



Sandy is President, Chief Executive Officer & Member of the Investment Committee of Ipswich Investment Management Co. Prior to joining IIM, Sandy served as Senior Vice President and Member of the Investment Committee for BNY Trust Company (formerly Beacon Fiduciary Advisors.).
Earlier in his career, Sandy was Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Constitution Capital Management's institutional investment equity group. He also held portfolio management positions as Vice President for both Shawmut Bank and State Street Bank. Previously, Sandy was a research analyst for Philo Smith & Co. He is an active participant in professional and non-profit organizations. Sandy's memberships include CFA Society of Boston and The Boston Economics Club. Sandy earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Dartmouth College and attended Amos Tuck School of Business Administration for his MBA in Finance and Investments.
He also attended the Trust Program of Williams School of Banking. Sandy is a Chartered Financial Analyst.










A. Cushing Titcomb



Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer



Cushing serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Ipswich Investment Management. Prior to joining IIM, Cushing was a Vice President at Citizens Bank New Hampshire. He began his career at State Street Bank & Trust Company in the Commercial Loan Division, later moving into the area of trust administration, financial planning and estate settlement. Cushing is an active participant in civic and non-profit organizations. His memberships include the Archbishop Iakovos Leadership 100 Endowment Fund, and the Greek Orthodox Church in Ipswich, MA, of which he is also a Past President and Council member. In Exeter, NH, he served as Ambassador for the Greater Exeter Chamber of Commerce, and is a Past President of the Exeter Rotary Club. Cushing is a past Board Member of the “Friends of Caldwell”, Caldwell Skilled Nursing & Rehabilitation Center, and the NH SPCA. He is a member of the Rotary Club of Ipswich, Treasurer of Ipswich Community Access Media (local municipal cable programming station). He also volunteers for the Massachusetts Chapter of the Alzheimer’s Association. Cushing graduated Magna Cum Laude from Suffolk University with a degree in Finance. He also holds a Certified Financial Services Counselor (C.F.S.C.) designation from the National Graduate Trust School at Northwestern University and a Trust & Estates Certificate from the New England School of Banking.










Patricia A. Bowlin



Managing Director 



Patty is Managing Director & Member of the Investment Committee of Ipswich Investment Management Co. Prior to joining IIM, Patty was a Senior Vice President of Boston Advisors LLC where she managed client portfolios and contributed to the firm's equity research efforts.
Previously, Patty was a managing director of Voyageur Asset Management (formerly Freedom Capital), where in addition to managing client portfolios she also co-managed its Growth & Value Portfolio product. Patty served as a Vice President and Portfolio Manager of Capital House Investment Management, a subsidiary of the Royal Bank of Scotland. She was responsible for North American investment strategy and equity research and actively managed major institutional and private client portfolios. Prior to Capital House, Patty was a Vice President, Portfolio Manager and Equity Analyst for Scimitar North American Asset Management, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank.
Patty began her career as a research analyst for Essex Investment Management Company. Patty earned a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Trinity College and attended Boston University's Graduate School of Management.










James R. McCall, CFA



Senior Vice President



Jim is Senior Vice President & Member of the Investment Committee of Ipswich Investment Management Co. Prior to joining IIM, Jim was President, CEO and Founder of Lighthouse Asset Management. Previously Jim was President and CIO of Keystone Investment Management Co. where he directed a staff of 50 investment professionals managing more than $12 billion in investor assets. Early in his career Jim was a security analyst on Wall Street with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day. During his career he has managed investment portfolios for individuals, corporations, pensions and retirement plans, small groups, endowments and mutual funds. Jim received his Bachelor’s degree from Boston College and MBA in Finance from Iona Graduate School of Business. He is a member of the CFA Society of Boston where he was a past director, a Chartered Financial Analyst, and has been cited by Boston Magazine as one of the Top Wealth Managers in the Boston Area.
He is a past Director of the Newton Boys and Girls Club and The New Rep Theater.










Karen C. Cole



Senior Vice President



Karen is Senior Vice President and Member of the Investment Committee of Ipswich Investment Management Co.  Prior to joining IIM, Karen was a Vice President and Portfolio Manager at U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management.  Her responsibilities were dedicated to managing investment portfolios for Private Client and Trust accounts.  Karen's style emphasizes a global top-down approach with fundamental corporate and industry analysis. Before assuming this role, she was Senior Equity Analyst at Freedom Capital in Boston where she managed both public and private pension plan assets. During her tenure she specialized in the health care, capital goods, basic materials and transportation sectors.  Previously, Karen was a Senior Institutional Equity Analyst at Sun Life of Canada where she co-managed the insurance company's corporate account. She also contributed to the formulation of the investment strategy and produced research reports.   Earlier in her career, Karen was also the Director and Portfolio Manager for the Weston Financial Group where she established two mutual funds for the financial planning firm.  Karen is a Director of various conservation lands in Western Massachusetts and is a member of the New England Morgan Horse Association.  She is responsible for understanding your wealth management goals in order to develop strategies for your investment portfolios.  Karen has a Bachelors Degree in Economics from the University of Massachusetts in Amherst and has also studied at the Universite Catholique de L'Ouest in Angers, France.










Janell Phillips, CFA



Senior Vice President



Janell is Senior Vice President & Member of the Investment Committee of Ipswich Investment Management Co.
Prior to joining IIM, Janell was a Managing Director of Boston Financial Management where she was responsible for the development and execution of investment strategies for individuals and families, with attention to the needs of multi-generational wealth. Janell served as the firm’s Director of Research for five years. She also had analytical responsibility in the consumer sector, and evaluated international and small cap investments. Earlier in her career, she was a Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager with Brown Brothers Harriman, prior to which she worked at David L. Babson and Co., Boston Family Office, Fiduciary Trust Company, and Boston Safe Deposit and Trust Company.
Janell has a Bachelor’s degree in Music from DePauw University, a Master of Music from Indiana University, and an MBA from Boston University. A Chartered Financial Analyst, she is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Boston.  She also serves as Trust Commissioner for the town of Weston, MA.










Kieran T. O'Neill



Vice President of Operations



Kieran is Vice President of Operations for Ipswich Investment Management Co. Prior to joining IIM, Kieran was Assistant Vice President of JP Morgan Chase in their Columbus, Ohio division.
During his tenure at JP Morgan, Kieran was responsible for servicing, reconciliation and risk management for one of the bank's largest worldwide accounts. Earlier in his career, Kieran was employed in the Institutional Custody Divisions of Investors Bank & Trust and State Street Bank & Trust. Kieran is an active participant in local non-profit organizations. His memberships include coaching soccer in youth leagues on the North and South Shores; Volunteer for Massachusetts Special Olympics; Volunteer at North Shore Animal Shelter and a member of the Massachusetts Irish Community.
Kieran graduated from Colaiste Mhichil (St. Michael's College) in Limerick, Ireland and attended Salem State University earning a Bachelor's Degree in Communications.










Ann T. Connors-Cook



Client Services, Notary Public



 
Ann brings many years of work experience from large companies including IBM and New England Telephone to Ipswich Investment.
 
She specializes in implementing and maintaining office-wide systems, both automated and administrative, and continually improves the streamlining of company operations and administration. Ann has tackled the challenges of the investment arena and applied her knowledge of technology to our operations and client services.
 
Ann received her Bachelor's Degree in Human Resources Management from UMass Dartmouth.










Molly A. Morin



Investment Associate



Molly is an Investment Associate who previously worked at Ipswich Investment in 2000-2001. Prior to joining IIM, Molly was employed at Fidelity Investments for 9 years. She was a Legal Research Analyst where she served as the liaison between traders, portfolio managers, legal counsel and compliance. Molly was previously an Assistant Trader at Fidelity Management & Research Company’s Fixed Income Trading Department.
Prior to her employment at Fidelity, she was a Client Administrator at Kobren Insight Management where she was responsible for all aspects of investment operations and administration for the firm’s clients. Earlier in her career, Molly was employed at Colonial Management Associates, Inc. as an Equity Trader in the Institutional Trading Department.
Molly received her Bachelor’s Degree in Business Education from Salem State University.










Susan B. MacKinnon



Investment Associate



Susan is an Investment Associate. With a broad background in financial services, Susan plans and executes projects that improve and maintain operational efficiency and ensure record keeping conforms to regulatory requirements in addition to supporting the investment process. Prior to joining IIM, Susan was Vice President and Operations Manager at Bank of America where she oversaw various commercial loan administration and operations functions. Her experience at Bank of America and its predecessors Fleet Bank and Shawmut Bank also includes project management, regulatory compliance, commercial credit analysis, and personal and institutional trust marketing and sales.
Susan received her Bachelor of Arts from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and her Masters in Business Administration from the Sawyer School of Management at Suffolk University. She also has done graduate work in Elementary Education at Salem State University.








 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








 




Contact | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 












































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Contact 
Contact




Phone: 978-356-6333
E-mail: info@ipswichinvestment.com
Office Address
53 South Main Street. Ipswich, MA01938 United States



 


 
 




Quick Message





Name: *



Email: *



Message: *









Leave this field blank: 












 


 



Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. Buys Chevron Corp, BB&T Corp, Caterpillar Inc, ...HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballIpswich Investment Management Co., Inc. Buys Chevron Corp, BB&T Corp, Caterpillar Inc, ...GuruFocus.comJanuary 10, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare- By insider Ipswich, MA, based Investment company Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. buys Chevron Corp, BB&T Corp, Caterpillar Inc, Vulcan Materials Co, Union Pacific Corp, sells CVS Health Corp, Starbucks Corp, Wells Fargo & Co, Yahoo! Inc, HSBC Holdings PLC during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.. As of 2016-12-31, Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. owns 130 stocks with a total value of $221 million. These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: VMC, CNI, CLF, Added Positions: CVX, BBT, CAT, MSFT, BRKL, UNP, PEP, XOM, LH, RTN, Reduced Positions: CVS, SBUX, WFC, COST, F, AKAM, AAPL, AMZN, IWV, TROW, Sold Out: YHOO, HSBC, MDT, SHPG, SAN, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 9 Warning Signs with CVX. Click here to check it out. CVX 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CVXPeter Lynch Chart of CVXFor the details of Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Ipswich+Investment+Management+Co.%2C+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM) - 121,168 shares, 4.95% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 6.47%Microsoft Corp (MSFT) - 125,100 shares, 3.52% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 17.33%General Electric Co (GE) - 230,800 shares, 3.3% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 8.33%Schlumberger Ltd (SLB) - 85,053 shares, 3.23% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.39%Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) - 58,255 shares, 3.04% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.15%New Purchase: Vulcan Materials Co (VMC)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. initiated holdings in Vulcan Materials Co. The purchase prices were between $106.47 and $136.04, with an estimated average price of $120.98. The stock is now traded at around $123.58. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.51%. The holdings were 8,955 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Canadian National Railway Co (CNI)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. initiated holdings in Canadian National Railway Co. The purchase prices were between $61.95 and $69.85, with an estimated average price of $66.01. The stock is now traded at around $69.55. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 3,050 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. initiated holdings in Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. The purchase prices were between $5.07 and $10.48, with an estimated average price of $7.53. The stock is now traded at around $9.32. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 14,400 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Chevron Corp (CVX)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. added to the holdings in Chevron Corp by 35.53%. The purchase prices were between $99.92 and $118.77, with an estimated average price of $108.9. The stock is now traded at around $116.25. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.77%. The holdings were 55,178 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: BB&T Corp (BBT)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. added to the holdings in BB&T Corp by 125.05%. The purchase prices were between $37.43 and $47.71, with an estimated average price of $42.54. The stock is now traded at around $47.07. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.58%. The holdings were 48,915 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Caterpillar Inc (CAT)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. added to the holdings in Caterpillar Inc by 38.73%. The purchase prices were between $81.11 and $97.33, with an estimated average price of $90.63. The stock is now traded at around $94.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.57%. The holdings were 48,722 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Union Pacific Corp (UNP)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. added to the holdings in Union Pacific Corp by 21.30%. The purchase prices were between $87.89 and $106.33, with an estimated average price of $98.32. The stock is now traded at around $103.97. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.4%. The holdings were 48,884 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Brookline Bancorp Inc (BRKL)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. added to the holdings in Brookline Bancorp Inc by 137.15%. The purchase prices were between $12.05 and $16.6, with an estimated average price of $14.29. The stock is now traded at around $16.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.4%. The holdings were 93,200 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: PepsiCo Inc (PEP)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. added to the holdings in PepsiCo Inc by 44.92%. The purchase prices were between $99.03 and $108.72, with an estimated average price of $104.72. The stock is now traded at around $102.19. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.36%. The holdings were 24,436 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Yahoo! Inc (YHOO)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. sold out the holdings in Yahoo! Inc. The sale prices were between $38.41 and $43.92, with an estimated average price of $41.Read MoreSold Out: HSBC Holdings PLC (HSBC)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. sold out the holdings in HSBC Holdings PLC. The sale prices were between $37.03 and $42.96, with an estimated average price of $39.24.Sold Out: Medtronic PLC (MDT)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. sold out the holdings in Medtronic PLC. The sale prices were between $71.23 and $86.39, with an estimated average price of $78.56.Sold Out: Shire PLC (SHPG)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. sold out the holdings in Shire PLC. The sale prices were between $163.77 and $197.7, with an estimated average price of $177.25.Sold Out: Banco Santander SA (SAN)Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. sold out the holdings in Banco Santander SA. The sale prices were between $4.28 and $5.23, with an estimated average price of $4.75.Here is the complete portfolio of Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.. Also check out:1. Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.'s Undervalued Stocks2. Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.'s Top Growth Companies, and3. Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc.'s High Yield stocks4. Stocks that Ipswich Investment Management Co., Inc. keeps buyingThis article first appeared on GuruFocus.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 9 Warning Signs with CVX. Click here to check it out. CVX 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CVXPeter Lynch Chart of CVXReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextExxon Mobil profit disappoints Wall Street, Chevron shinesReutersThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsored“Little” Chevron Corporation (CVX) Stands Tall After Q2 EarningsInvestorPlaceExxon Misses Estimates After Cuts Fail to Offset Output DeclinesBloombergCramer's lightning round: This bank's dividend makes me nervousCNBCEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredChevron (CVX) Q2 Earnings Beat on Oil Rally, Output RiseZacksAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - pollBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 53k










	Insurance Jobs at Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc











































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc














12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit













































53 S Main St, 
Ipswich, MA 01938

























Is this Your Company?




















You are now following Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc.





You are already following Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews









Career History Progress

 
                Education 
                

  
                Experience
                


                Skills
                


A friendly warning, your Career History is not complete. We highly recommend completing your Career History, it rounds out your professional image and of course helps with your Career search, Carrier Appointments and professional networking. You can easily import your information from LinkedIn or Facebook*. Completing your Career History is a powerful way to help Recruiters and Employers find you immediately.  
If you are thinking about exploring potential job opportunities, be sure to mark your profile as “Actively Seeking Employment” so that you show up on employers and recruiters search tools.


Import from Facebook
Edit Career History
Upload Resume





Please upload your Resume



Invalid file.!











                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...





*Only public information can be imported from Facebook.
Do Not Show this Notice Again












Job Category
Actuarial
Insurance Adjuster
Insurance Admin/Clerical
Insurance Analyst
Insurance Appraiser
Insurance Agent
Insurance Claims
Insurance Consultant
Insurance Customer Service
Insurance Training
Insurance Entry Level
Insurance Accounting
Health Insurance
Insurance HR
Information Technology
Insurance Compliance
Insurance Loss Control
Insurance Management
Insurance Marketing
Insurance Operations
Other
Insurance Premium Auditor
Insurance Product Manager
Reinsurance
Insurance Risk Management
Insurance Sales
Insurance Underwriting
Insurance Workers Compensation

Show Results





Create Payment Profile 






 
























Ipswich Investment Management Co Inc has no open positions currently.




Please wait...















                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.





















 




Tell a Friend | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 













































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Tell a Friend 
Tell a Friend




We grow our business through client referrals. If you’ve been happy with our services and our work together, please tell a friend!
Filling out the following form is a quick and easy way to let others know about our services. The mandatory fields are denoted with an asterisk (*).
Note that your friend's e-mail address and name will not be sent to us and will not be used for any purpose other than to send him/her your message. All information is confidential. Remember that e-mail is not a secure medium, and so personal information should be transmitted by more secure means.

From: *



Your email: *



To: *



To email: *




Comments: *
I'm emailing because I thought you might be interested in getting in touch with Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM"). You can take a look at their website at http://www.ipswichinvestment.com.








Leave this field blank: 












 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








 




Client Service | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 









































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Client Service 
Client Service





Each client is a distinct relationship.
We offer independent, unbiased services in accordance with the needs, objectives and risk tolerances of each client.
We are in constant contact. Our client service includes:
		
Periodic Investment Reviews
Quarterly economic and market outlook
Monthly and quarterly reporting





 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








 




Home | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 










































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 














































 
 
 
 
 








Home




Welcome
Founded in 1986, IIM is a privately owned, independent, registered investment advisory firm located in Ipswich, Massachusetts. We provide personalized money management services for a diverse group of clients including individuals, family trusts, endowments, retirement accounts, profit sharing and pension plans.
Contact us today.

 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








 




Investment Approach | Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") 









































































 





53 South Main St. 
		Ipswich, MA 01938
		 






Phone:
978-356-6333


Toll Free:
888-325-2127


Fax:
978-356-2176







 



HomeOur TeamInvestment ApproachClient ServiceResourcesContact Us 

 
 
 
 
 







Home > Investment Approach 
Investment Approach




Our Mission
At IIM, we focus our efforts on providing sound and unbiased investment advice to our clients to assist them in achieving financial goals consistent with their individual risk tolerance. As an independent, client-centric company, IIM places its clients’ interests first without conflicts of interest or pressures to market products.
Our Investment Philosophy
We believe that combining in-depth analysis with a long term investment perspective is the best way to achieve positive, risk-adjusted rates of return for our clients. Although we monitor current developments closely, we take pride in the low asset turnover that has characterized our investment process over the years.
Our investment approach is derived from our global macro-economic perspective. Our decisions are driven by the search for “best in sector” equities.  We favor investments with the following characteristics:
Equity Investments

Reasonably priced companies with an attractive global business model
Companies with dividend growth that exceeds forecasted inflation expectations

Fixed Income Investments

We favor highly rated fixed income securities based on their income and safety of principal.

Key Factors that influence our decision making:

Global Economic Outlook
Fiscal and Monetary Policy
Labor Costs
Savings and Investment Flows
Regional and/or Country Demographics
International Trade Flows and Currency Differentials
 
 


 
 





Request Information 

 



Client Login 

 



Tell a Friend


 






 

 
 
 








SitemapLegal, privacy, copyright and trademark information 

 
 
 
 
 








Images courtesy of Andrew Borsari: www.borsarigallery.com.


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Ipswich Investment Management, Co. ("IIM") . All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 








