
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


Ironwood Payments Review and Rating | Expert & User Reviews
            Search for:   Search  Cheapest Merchant Accounts:   Select Your Business Type    Cheapest Merchant Accounts:   Select Your Business Type     Credit Card Processors   June 30, 2017  By Phillip Parker Ironwood Payments Review    9 Reviews   Add Review    Website  Overall Rating Rated 4.3 out of 5. bCategory Breakdown  a  Sales & Marketing  b  Costs & Contract  b  Complaints & Service  b  BBB Rating            OverviewFounded in 2015, Ironwood Payments (iwpmts.com) is a merchant account provider that was created via the acquisition of ElitePay Global‘s merchant portfolio. The owners of Ironwood Financial (Ironwood Payments’s parent company) did not realize at the time of purchase that there were severe issues with the structure, culture, and business practices of ElitePay Global. As a result, Ironwood Payments received a high number of complaints over approximately one year that were similar to the complaints filed against ElitePay Global. Our rating for Ironwood Payments was very low during this period due to the company’s prior dealings with ElitePay Global, documented proof that many of Ironwood’s employees were former ElitePay Global employees, and many complaints that described exorbitant leasing fees and deceptive sales tactics.Eventually, Ironwood hired a third party to conduct a full review of the company’s practices and suggest necessary changes. Ironwood also began to reach out directly to dissatisfied merchants and attempt to resolve their issues. Ironwood has contacted CPO to offer a significant amount of background information about the company and insight into its practices, and CPO has separately verified as much of this information as possible. CPO is now satisfied that Ironwood Payments has severed all ties with ElitePay Global and is committed to a total reform of its business practices. In fact, Ironwood Payments has taken proactive steps (documented in this review) to become a highly transparent and dependable merchant account provider.However, it is worth noting that in December 2016, a class action lawsuit was filed against Ironwood Financial in Illinois Northern District Court. This complaint accuses Ironwood of secretly recording phone calls in which merchants disclosed sensitive financial information, and it also names Andy Bentley, Brian Bentley, Adam Bentley, Fifth Third Bank, First Data, Vantiv, Wells Fargo, and International Payment Services as defendants. The plaintiffs are seeking $5,000 per violation plus attorney fees. The lawsuit’s case number is 1:16-cv-11223, and it can also be found under searches for “Wang et al v. Wells Fargo, NA et al.” Ironwood believes that it will successfully defend the suit. This suit appears to be a remnant of the company’s holdover business practices from ElitePay Global and does not appear to be reflective of Ironwood’s current conduct.Ironwood Financial, LLC, is headquartered in at 2718 West Oxford Loop, Suite 185, Oxford, Mississippi 38655. Ironwood also maintains two office locations in the State of Utah located at 50 West Broadway, Suite 500, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 and 2150 South 1300 East, Suite 500, Salt Lake City, Utah 84106. Ironwood has contracted with Incorp Services, Inc. to provide registered agent services within the State of Utah. Ironwood Payments is a registered ISO/MSP of Fifth Third Bank, Cincinnati, Ohio. John Lewis and Dee Lovelace are the owners of Ironwood Payments.Key PointsSales & Marketing: Ironwood Payments does not hire independently contracted agents and has received a few complaints about its sales team.Costs & Contract: Ironwood Payments offers a multi-year contract through Vantiv with no early termination fee.Complaints & Service: Ironwood Payments has received approximately 10 public complaints.BBB Rating: Ironwood Payments has an “A” rating with the Better Business Bureau and has received 49 complaints since September 2015.Rates & Fees: How Merchants Got The Best Rates With Ironwood PaymentsIronwood Payments Products and ServicesCountertop terminalsPoint-of-sale systemsMobile paymentsE-commerce solutionsTablets and tablet-based POS systemsIndustriesRetailMobileE-commerceRestaurantHealthcareHigh-riskRelated: Phillip’s Top All-Purpose Processor Picks Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (866) 397-9826   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 727-4538   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 506-7812   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 393-1079   aSales & MarketingKey Points - Sales & Marketing Employs Independent Resellers No Advertises Deceptive Rates No Discloses All Important Terms YesIronwood Payments employs an in-house sales team and no longer relies on telemarketing or independent sales agents to sell its products. The company promotes interchange-plus pricing but will offer tiered pricing if merchants request it. Ironwood also clearly displays the cost of each piece of processing hardware, which can be purchased outright, purchased in installments, or rented for a fixed monthly cost. Ironwood has done away with long-term equipment leases and does not plan to partner with equipment leasing companies such as Northern Leasing Systems in the future.Ironwood Payments does not list specific per-transaction pricing on its website, but its W2-employed sales representatives are trained to disclose all rates and fees. These practices constitute a dramatic turnaround for the company’s sales approach and have resulted in an equally striking decrease in complaints. We will assign Ironwood an “A” in this section because the processes it has implemented are worthy of an “A” rating, but we will continue to monitor its performance very closely.Phillip’s Top E-Commerce Picks Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (866) 397-9826   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   Sign Up   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   Sign Up   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   Sign Up   bCosts & ContractKey Points - Costs & Contract Swiped Rate Variable Keyed-in Rate Variable Early Termination Fee None PCI Compliance Fee $10 Per Month Equipment Lease Terms NoneIronwood Payments offers a multi-year contract through Vantiv with no early termination fee, a monthly PCI compliance fee of $10, and interchange-plus pricing by default. The company does not lease equipment and will allow merchants to keep purchased equipment, sell the equipment back to Ironwood, or terminate their rental agreements with no further cost. These terms offer merchants a great deal of flexibility and do not expose merchants to exorbitant cancellation fees.We are currently able to locate a handful of merchant complaints about Ironwood’s contract terms, but all of these complaints are related to the contract terms that the company offered prior to its restructuring. By all accounts, these terms were not competitive within the industry, and it is likely that some merchants are still stuck in long-term equipment leases they signed during that period. We will assign Ironwood a “B” rating in this section to reflect the fact that its contract terms are highly transparent and flexible, but that this was not true as recently as one year ago.Phillip’s Top Mobile Processing Picks Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (866) 397-9826   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   Sign Up   Rating: Excellent Our Review   Website   Sign Up   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   Schedule Demo   bComplaints & ServiceKey Points - Complaints & Service Total Online Complaints 10+ Live Customer Support Yes Most Common Complaint Equipment LeaseWe are currently able to locate approximately 10 negative Ironwood Payments reviews across all consumer protection websites. This number was much higher at the time of our last review, but the company has made a serious effort to improve its online reputation by contacting complainants and resolving their issues directly. The reviews that are currently available are generally more than four months old and can only be found by looking through several merchant and employee review websites. Some of them describe exorbitant fees and long-term leases that would negatively impact any company’s score. However, the total absence of complaints in recent months indicates that Ironwood’s efforts at reformation have paid off. Ironwood receives a “B” rating in this section to reflect its dramatic improvement in its complaint rate, and this grade will improve to an “A” if the company continues along its current trajectory.Phillip’s Top “High-Risk” Processing Picks Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (877) 301-3442   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 506-7859   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 727-4538   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 506-7812   bBBBKey Points - BBB Product & Service Complaints 36 Billing & Collection Complaints 9 Advertising & Sales Complaints 2 Guarantee & Warranty Complaints 2 Delivery Complaints 0Note: We have adjusted this company’s BBB rating according to our own standards. To better understand why we adjust BBB ratings, please see our Rating Criteria.Ironwood Payments currently has an “A” rating with the Better Business Bureau and has received 49 complaints since the company’s profile was opened in September 2015. Thirty-six complaints have been filed in relation to product or service issues, nine have to do with billing or collection disputes, two are related to an advertising or sales problem, and two have to do with a guarantee or warranty issue. Ironwood Payments has successfully resolved 14 of the total complaints, while the remaining 35 either were resolved to the merchant’s dissatisfaction or did not receive a final response from the merchant. Given Ironwood’s complaint total and resolution ratio, we have adjusted the BBB‘s rating to a “B.” Ironwood Payments Bottom LineWe have assigned Ironwood Payments a “B” rating at this time due to its sharply reduced complaint total. The company still has some complaints trickling in from its early days, and it will need to continue to offer excellent service in its current form in order to raise its overall rating. However, Ironwood appears to be making a sincere, substantive effort to correct its mistakes and offer a quality experience for all of its merchants.             About Phillip ParkerHi, I’m Phillip and I’m disgusted by the state of credit card processing in the U.S. and abroad. I believe that the industry has been overrun by people who engage in fraud and deception in order to steal money from hard working business owners. I’ve made it my mission to expose the companies and individuals who engage in predatory marketing, pricing, and contracts, or just provide terrible service. Along with uncovering the bad guys, I’ve also discovered the good guys who do stand out from the status quo. CPO is a website where you will find ratings and reviews of these companies along with advice on how to save money and which service providers consider. Together we can move the industry in a positive direction. If you would like to help support my work, please checkout “Fee Sweep” my eGuide to getting the lowest possible fees when accepting card payments. If you haven’t heard of “interchange” this advice will save you hundreds, even thousands, in processing fees.  Schedule a Consultation with Phillip  Related: Phillip’s Top All-Purpose Merchant Account PicksAll-Purpose Merchant Accounts:Fatt Merchant – (866) 397-9826Host Merchant Srvcs – (888) 727-4538Payline Data – (888) 506-7812 CDG Commerce – (888) 393-1079Phillip’s Merchant Account Rate and Fee Savings GuideCopyright & DisclaimerCopyright © CardPaymentOptions.com, Inc. (Digital Fingerprint: 0d38c6720f0d78a701b74d58653af608). Getting paid to re-write this page? Click here to earn a reward.  Any unauthorized copying and reproduction of the content of this page, including all meta data and computer code, is strictly prohibited. While the information in the above article is believed to be accurate as of its publish date, the author and publisher make no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, or completeness of the contents. The author and publisher shall in no event be held liable to any party for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or other consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from any use of this material, which is provided “as is,” and without warranties. Any and all use of trade names and/or marks are for identification purposes only and shall not be construed as a claim of affiliation, or otherwise, with CardPaymentOptions.com, Inc. ("CPO") in any form. The sole purpose of the material presented herein is to alert, educate, and inform readers. It is not intended as legal or financial advice.  9 Reviews  Leave Your Review Below  I would like to take this opportunity to express my thankfulness and gratitude towards the entire Ironwood staff for being so supportive and friendly. Working with the salesman guidance was indeed a great experience . I finally feel lucky to have such a professional credit card  processor. Changing my processing was a team effort and  it couldn’t have been done without the support of the  entire Ironwood team. I look forward to expanding my business processing with Ironwood in the future.ReplyHi Bob,Please reply to this comment with your business name and location in order to authenticate your testimonial. Thanks!ReplyPRICE RITE TRANSMISSION AND AUTO 1395 LAKELAND AVE BOHEMIA NY 11716 I would like to take this opportunity to express my thankfulness and gratitude towards the entire Ironwood staff for being so supportive and friendly. Working with the salesman guidance was indeed a great experience . I finally feel lucky to have such a professional credit card processor. Changing my processing was a team effort and it couldn’t have been done without the support of the entire Ironwood team. I look forward to expanding my business processing with Ironwood in the future.ReplyI signed up with Ironwood and they did nothing good. After several failed attempts to get adequate customer service and managers involved I called my attorney. Ironwood took me only for $800 and a $1200 attorney fee along with hours on the phone and frustration. DON’T use them they are unethical and liars! I will research more before I ever make a move from my current processor.Ironwood Payments Response: “Thank you for your feedback.  We would like to be of assistance to you and help you resolve your issue. We would encourage you to call the Ironwood Customer Service Department at 844-449-7687 and ask to speak with a manager. We look forward to helping you.” Ironwood attempted to resolve the complaint above but the merchant declined to participate.ReplyI was approached by Coutney Fightmaster on March 17, 2016 at my restaurant business. I always been approached by different companies offering their services but I listened to her sales pitch. She was offering a terminal that you can go up to tables and have customers sign on the spot and that were supporting the chip integration. Then she proceeded to tell me how they have flat rates for the credit card processing fees and proceeded to compare my current credit card processor and her prices. Her claim after she did calculations was that I would be paying about $1000 less that my current processor. I thought it would be a good deal since a lot of my transactions are credit cards so I went ahead and gave her my information and I asked her if I wasn’t happy with it after a month I could cancel and she said yes. She made a mistake in the application since she used my middle name instead of my first name so she had me sign another contract which I thought was the same. A couple of days later I received the equipment and then I received a letter on the mail saying that my contract was non-cancellable. My heart sank and I immediately thought I had made a HUGE mistake. I immediately called her and got no response, I called customer service and they told me I was basically stuck because I should have read the contract since it clearly said it was non cancelable. I then thought about the second contract she sent me that I thought it was to correct my name issue. The lady over the phone was super rude to me and told that there is no way out of this. Then I proceeded to sent Courtney some texts asking her what was going on and how come no one had told me or called me on what to do next. I got no response from her so I called customer service again. They told me that everything was fine but by that time I had already gotten two charges for the rentals of two terminals which are chip integrated but are hard to use. I told them I needed to integrate them to my POS to which they responded they had been trying to get in contact with. After I called Squirrel Systems which is the company that runs my POS they told me that they hadn’t gotten a call from them. So they have me bouncing around from person to person, and Courtney finally calls back and says she’s been out sick. I tell her that I want out and she tells me she is going to make it work and get everything fixed, that my POS is the one not cooperating. After several email and calls and texts, and six weeks after they change my POS system but the chip machines are still not compatible with it so it means that I got them for nothing. There is no way that I can reconcile my payments with the POS and the card machine so i’m basically stuck with two useless machines. Even the people that work at Squirrel systems say it can’t be done. My POS has their credit card that cost me over $300 a month. My POS is integrated with their software but are still not chip compliant. I wait to see how much my charge is going to be and to my surprise it is over $5000. which is $2000 over what I was paying before. I am extremely unhappy with their customer service and the way they have handled the whole process. I feel like a complete idiot for even giving them the time of day to hear their sales pitch. I believe they are taking advantage of small businesses and they should not be allowed to do business. I have tried to talk to Chris Ligan a supervisor, but he never responds to my voicemails or emails.  They are a horrible company and I have constant anxiety for getting suckered into anything with them.ReplyBeen in business for 19 years and this is by far the worst Processing company out there. Not just did they get me to sign up with them and promise me that they would save me an average of 1800.00 per month they use a leasing company called Northern leasing for the Verifone stand a lone terminal. So now I’m fighting 2 company’s, one to break the lease agreement and the other to break the 4 year agreement. What a bunch of B.S, Both of these companies should be out of business. If anyone is experiencing these same types of issues and know a good Attorney please let me know, ThanksReplyGreat company. Saved me tons of money each month by switching overReplyHi Andy,Please reply to this comment with your business name and location in order to authenticate your testimonial. Thanks!ReplyIronwood attempted to resolve this complaint via our mediation program but the merchant declined to participate. Ironwood has issued the following response:Ms. Rooney, thank you for your feedback. We would like to be of assistance to you and help you resolve your issue. We would encourage you to call the Ironwood Customer Service Department at 844-449-7687 and ask to speak with a manager. We look forward to helping you.My father and I both switched over from a company we were very happy with, all to save $ every month.  We were completely swindled.   The customer support is horrible, they do not care that we are unhappy.  They have no way of getting in touch with the sales rep that fed us a bunch of lies.  We are now locked in for 5 years, with major cancellation fees if we walk.  Thinking about getting in touch with a lawyer to fight this company.  But also want to do whatever I can to prevent people from making the mistakes we made.  I am exhausted from calling the company, complaining, asking why we are paying more money every month than less. DO NOT TRUST IRONWOOD.ReplyLeave a Review Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Review*Name * Email * Website       Want to be notified of replies? no, do not subscribeyes, replies to my commentyes, all comments/replies  instantlyhourly digestdaily digestweekly digest  Or, you can subscribe without commenting.  See Our Rate and Fee Savings AdviceRelated: Our Top All-Purpose Processor Picks Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (866) 397-9826   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 727-4538   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 506-7812   Rating: Excellent Our Review   View Website   (888) 393-1079  Provider of the Month Why Fattmerchant: This provider has one of the most competitive pricing plans of any merchant account provider in the card processing industry. Fattmerchant also offers a month-to-month service agreement, no cancellation fees, no hidden fees, and processing options for virtually any business need. Add to all of this easy-to-use technology and top-rated customer support, and you can’t go wrong with this choice.See Our Full Review Visit Fattmerchant Or call: (866) 397-9826Exposing The TruthHi, I’m Phillip and I’m disgusted by the state of credit card processing industry. I believe that it has been overrun by people who engage in fraud and deception in order to steal from hard working business owners. I’ve made it my mission to expose the companies and individuals who engage in predatory marketing, pricing, and contracts. You shouldn’t have to worry about paying inflated fees or getting trapped in expensive contracts when you are simply trying to take payments from your customers.Phillip Parker Founder & CriticP.S. If you would like to help support my work, please checkout “Fee Sweep” my eGuide to getting the lowest possible fees when accepting card payments. If you haven’t heard of “interchange” this advice will save you hundreds, even thousands, in fees.Phillip’s Top PicksAll-Purpose Merchant AccountsFattMerchant (866) 397-9826Host Merchant Srvcs (888) 727-4538CDG Commerce (888) 393-1079Payline Data (888) 506-7812E-Commerce ProcessingFattMerchant (866) 397-9826Shopify View WebsiteSelz Visit WebsiteBigCommerce View WebsiteMobile ProcessingFattMerchant (866) 397-9826InnerFence Visit WebsiteShopify View WebsiteBigCommerce View Website“High-Risk” Merchant AccountseMerchant Broker (877) 301-3442PaymentCloud (888) 506-7859Durango Merchant Services (888) 316-1897Payline Data (888) 506-7812Eliminate Hidden FeesJust ONE of the tips in this guide can save you THOUSANDS in processing fees!  Save Time. Save Money. Learn How! Site MenuHomeAboutContactRating CriteriaPress InquiriesRate Negotiation GuideAgent AccreditationTestimonial PolicyComplaint ResolutionSales Agent OpportunitiesAds By Google  The ad above is served by Google Adsense and may display ads for poorly rated providers. Research is recommended after visiting an advertiser.Search CPO  Search for:   Search       

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 Ironwood Financial - Fiduciary Financial Planners in Tuscon, AZ         Skip to content     Clarity, Trust, ValuesWe believe everyone deserves a fiduciary financial planner who puts them first. Learn More     Social Security PlanningLearn More      Retirement PlanningLearn More      Investment StrategiesLearn More     About UsAt Ironwood Financial we believe and live by the fiduciary duty.  It's an oath we took to put our clients' interests above our own.The problem in the financial advisory world is that there are a myriad of planners and investment professionals that aren't held to that standard.Our mission is to be a force for good by educating and inspiring people to achieve freedom in their financial lives.  To give them the tools and strategies they need to live life how they want and with the freedom they deserve.It's time people had a chance to get unbiased advice before they invest and before they commit to any one financial advisor.If you want to learn more about our process and why we are different, then click the link below. Learn More  Our Team   Alex Parrs, CFA, CFP®, ChFC, CFS, CASL   Partner    Dan Nentl, CFS, ChFC   Partner    Robin Dolezal, CFP®   Partner    David Renzi   Investment Professional    Emily Bristow   Office Administrator   Recent Posts   3 Key Reasons People Run Out Of Money in RetirementJuly 27, 2017      Do You Have Enough Money to Retire?July 12, 2017     Get in TouchNameEmail* Your Message*            



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Ironwood Financial LLC - 2 Reviews - 1926 E Fort Lowell Rd 100, Tucson, AZ - Financial Planning Reviews - Phone (520) 318-4600














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Ironwood Financial LLC


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















2                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 29090190
                        







                                        1926 E Fort Lowell Rd 100
                                    

Tucson,
                                        AZ
85719






                                    (520) 318-4600
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Financial Planning
                                ,
                                    Investment Services



Related categories:
Legal & Financial









Photos


















Reviews



















( 
                2
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Great advsory service


                                Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (1)



                                    Write review
                                









Great advsory service
2/17/2010













5

Bobby T.


                        Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





Pin It




Additional information


Hours:
                            Mon-Fri 9am-5pm
                        

Neighborhoods:
                            Shaheen Estates, Ward 3
                        

































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...


















BBB Business Profile | Ironwood Financial, LLC | Accreditation



















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Credit Card - Merchant Services
 > 
Ironwood Financial, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Ironwood Financial, LLC



Request a Quote

































Ironwood Financial, LLC






            Business Information
        






(844) 449-7687

Ironwood Financial, LLC
2 years in business

        2150 S 1300 E Ste 500
        Salt Lake City, UT 84106-4375
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (877) 471-6557
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            legal@iwpmts.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/23/2015
            

                Business Started: 03/06/2015


                Business Started Locally: 07/27/2015
            

                Business Incorporated: 07/25/2015 in UT





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    





            Business Category
        


                Credit Card - Merchant Services
            







            Service Area
        
         ALABAMA, ALASKA, AMERICAN SAMOA, ARIZONA, ARKANSAS, CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, GUAM, HAWAII, IDAHO, ILLINOIS, INDIANA, IOWA, KANSAS, KENTUCKY, LOUISIANA, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, MISSISSIPPI, MISSOURI, MONTANA, NEBRASKA, NEVADA, NEW HAMPSHIRE, NEW JERSEY, NEW MEXICO, NEW YORK, NORTH CAROLINA, NORTH DAKOTA, OHIO, OKLAHOMA, OREGON, PENNSYLVANIA, PUERTO RICO, RHODE ISLAND, SOUTH CAROLINA, SOUTH DAKOTA, TENNESSEE, TEXAS, UTAH, VERMONT, VIRGIN ISLANDS, VIRGINIA, WASHINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA, WISCONSIN, WYOMING

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Ironwood Payments
                




 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 09/01/2015
            

                BBB has determined that Ironwood Financial, LLC meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Ironwood Financial, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Ironwood Financial, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 09/01/2015










A 




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



53%


47%




[8] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[7] Negative Reviews



[15] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[49] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Ironwood Financial, LLC has received 4.16 out of 5 stars based on 15 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 










Ironwood Financial, Llc.                                                                                                 - Tucson                                            , AZ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AZ



Tucson



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Ironwood Financial, Llc.
                                    



 





















I 


Ironwood Financial, Llc.                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1926 E FORT LOWELL RD # 100 TUCSON, AZ 85719
Get Directions



(520) 318-4600
www.ironwoodfinancial.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated AZ
 Annual Revenue $220,961.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Alex Parrs                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006, Ironwood Financial, Llc.                                                                                                 has been providing Investment Advice from Tucson. Ironwood Financial, Llc.                                                                                                 is incorporated in Arizona. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Great advsory service - Review by Bobby T | Ironwood Financial LLC
































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Ironwood Financial LLC



                        Claim
                    







Ironwood Financial LLC



Great advsory service
2/17/2010













5

Bobby T.


                        Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








                            Write review
                        


















Top 10 in Tucson -              Cleaning and Maid services, Activities, Auto Mechanics, Optometrists,  More




        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





















ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Ironwood Financial LLC - 2 Reviews - 1926 E Fort Lowell Rd 100, Tucson, AZ - Financial Planning Reviews - Phone (520) 318-4600














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Ironwood Financial LLC


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















2                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 29090190
                        







                                        1926 E Fort Lowell Rd 100
                                    

Tucson,
                                        AZ
85719






                                    (520) 318-4600
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Financial Planning
                                ,
                                    Investment Services



Related categories:
Legal & Financial









Photos


















Reviews



















( 
                2
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Great advsory service


                                Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (1)



                                    Write review
                                









Great advsory service
2/17/2010













5

Bobby T.


                        Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





Pin It




Additional information


Hours:
                            Mon-Fri 9am-5pm
                        

Neighborhoods:
                            Shaheen Estates, Ward 3
                        

































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...


















BBB Business Profile | Ironwood Financial, LLC



















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Credit Card - Merchant Services
 > 
Ironwood Financial, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Ironwood Financial, LLC



Request a Quote

































Ironwood Financial, LLC






            Business Information
        






(844) 449-7687

Ironwood Financial, LLC
2 years in business

        2150 S 1300 E Ste 500
        Salt Lake City, UT 84106-4375
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (877) 471-6557
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            legal@iwpmts.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/23/2015
            

                Business Started: 03/06/2015


                Business Started Locally: 07/27/2015
            

                Business Incorporated: 07/25/2015 in UT





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    





            Business Category
        


                Credit Card - Merchant Services
            







            Service Area
        
         ALABAMA, ALASKA, AMERICAN SAMOA, ARIZONA, ARKANSAS, CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, GUAM, HAWAII, IDAHO, ILLINOIS, INDIANA, IOWA, KANSAS, KENTUCKY, LOUISIANA, MAINE, MARYLAND, MASSACHUSETTS, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, MISSISSIPPI, MISSOURI, MONTANA, NEBRASKA, NEVADA, NEW HAMPSHIRE, NEW JERSEY, NEW MEXICO, NEW YORK, NORTH CAROLINA, NORTH DAKOTA, OHIO, OKLAHOMA, OREGON, PENNSYLVANIA, PUERTO RICO, RHODE ISLAND, SOUTH CAROLINA, SOUTH DAKOTA, TENNESSEE, TEXAS, UTAH, VERMONT, VIRGIN ISLANDS, VIRGINIA, WASHINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA, WISCONSIN, WYOMING

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Ironwood Payments
                




 








            Business Information
        







                    A 
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


Payment delivery systems

 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.

 Factors that affect the rating for Ironwood Financial, LLC include:

Length of time business has been operating










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Ironwood Financial, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Ironwood Financial, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 09/01/2015










A 




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



53%


47%




[8] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[7] Negative Reviews



[15] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[49] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Ironwood Financial, LLC has received 4.16 out of 5 stars based on 15 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 








 JavaScript is not enabled.


	Ironwood Financial LLC - 2 Reviews - 1926 E Fort Lowell Rd 100, Tucson, AZ - Financial Planning Reviews - Phone (520) 318-4600














































Judy's Book



near







Sign in




                    Owners
                


Help
























Ironwood Financial LLC


                            Claim
                        







 5.0 















2                                            
                                            reviews
                                    


                                            Write review
                                        




            TrustScore®
            

            High
        






                            id: 29090190
                        







                                        1926 E Fort Lowell Rd 100
                                    

Tucson,
                                        AZ
85719






                                    (520) 318-4600
                                



Incorrect info? Correct your
                                    listing












Business Links:
Citysearch Profile



Main categories:
Financial Planning
                                ,
                                    Investment Services



Related categories:
Legal & Financial









Photos


















Reviews



















( 
                2
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















( 
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            

















(
                0
                )
            






Best












Great advsory service


                                Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                            




Worst


All reviews seem positive










Judy's Book (1)


Other sources (1)



                                    Write review
                                









Great advsory service
2/17/2010













5

Bobby T.


                        Ironwood has helped me on a few issues with investing and planning my retirement. They are friendly and very professional.
                        more



Reply |
                        

Report abuse


                            | 








 < Previous  1  Next > 
















        SUMMER DISCOUNT :
    

15% OFF all yearly plans


    Use YEAR15 at checkout. Expires 7/30/2017
    





Pin It




Additional information


Hours:
                            Mon-Fri 9am-5pm
                        

Neighborhoods:
                            Shaheen Estates, Ward 3
                        

































ABOUT
Help
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use




OUR SERVICES
Business Owners
Learning Center
Partners & Publishers
Advertise with us
Negotiated Perks
KidScore™




MY ACCOUNT
Sign In
Write A Review



























From family friendly trips with kid friendly activities to local plumbers lawyers, spas, and contractors.  Judy’s Book has millions of listings and reviews for the best and not so great.  Whether you’re looking for a specific business or just trying to discover great places we make it easy.  We’re a family oriented site focusing on bringing trusted reviews and recommendations to moms and others.   Green and Sustainable places are becoming more relevant to Judy’s Book users, have a favorite place?  Write a review and tell users why it’s Green!




EXPLORE BY CATEGORY

                    Automotive


                            Car Dealers

                            Towing

                            Mechanics



                    Business to Business


                            Manufacturing

                            Business Services



                    Civic & Community 


                            Libraries



                    Education & Instruction 


                            Elementary Schools

                            Colleges & Universities



                    Entertainment & Arts 


                            Museums & Galleries



                    Food & Dining 


                            Coffee Shops

                            Bakeries

                            Restaurants



                    Health & Medical 


                            Chiropractors

                            Dentists

                            Veterinarians







                    Other Professional Services

                    Animals & Pets

                    Legal & Financial 


                            Lawyers, Law Firms & Attorneys

                            Mortgages & Loans



                    Home & Garden 


                            Electricians

                            Plumbers

                            Windows & Doors



                    Personal Care 


                            Salons

                            Spas

                            Massage



                    Real Estate 

                    Retail Shopping 


                            Apparel



                    Sports & Recreation 

                    Travel & Transportation 


                            Hotels & Lodging

                            Movers



                    More...




ALL LOCATIONS

                    Atlanta, GA Reviews 
Austin,
                    TX Reviews 
Boston,
                    MA Reviews 
Chicago,
                    IL Reviews 

                    Cincinnati, OH Reviews 
Dallas,
                    TX Reviews 

                    Houston, TX Reviews 

                    Los Angeles, CA Reviews 

                    Minneapolis, MN Reviews 
New
                    York, NY Reviews 

                    Philadelphia, PA Reviews 

                    San Francisco, CA Reviews 
Seattle,
                    WA Reviews 
More...













 Ironwood Financial - Fiduciary Financial Planners in Tuscon, AZ         Skip to content     Clarity, Trust, ValuesWe believe everyone deserves a fiduciary financial planner who puts them first. Learn More     Social Security PlanningLearn More      Retirement PlanningLearn More      Investment StrategiesLearn More     About UsAt Ironwood Financial we believe and live by the fiduciary duty.  It's an oath we took to put our clients' interests above our own.The problem in the financial advisory world is that there are a myriad of planners and investment professionals that aren't held to that standard.Our mission is to be a force for good by educating and inspiring people to achieve freedom in their financial lives.  To give them the tools and strategies they need to live life how they want and with the freedom they deserve.It's time people had a chance to get unbiased advice before they invest and before they commit to any one financial advisor.If you want to learn more about our process and why we are different, then click the link below. Learn More  Our Team   Alex Parrs, CFA, CFP®, ChFC, CFS, CASL   Partner    Dan Nentl, CFS, ChFC   Partner    Robin Dolezal, CFP®   Partner    David Renzi   Investment Professional    Emily Bristow   Office Administrator   Recent Posts   3 Key Reasons People Run Out Of Money in RetirementJuly 27, 2017      Do You Have Enough Money to Retire?July 12, 2017     Get in TouchNameEmail* Your Message*            


Ironwood Financial LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ironwood financial llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Ironwood Financial, LLC provides investment management and asset management services.




Corporate Information
Address:

1926 East Fort Lowell Road
Suite 100
Tuscon, AZ 85719
United States


Phone:
1-888-271-4646


Fax:
1-520-318-4604


Web url:
www.ironwoodfinancial.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 




Ironwood Wealth Management, an Independent Investment Advisor registered with the SEC

































Schedule An Appointment(800) 467-0480 - Toll Free(480) 776-5960 - Phoenix, AZ(949) 424-6131 - Laguna Nigel, CA(603) 413-4961 - Portsmouth, NH













Planting a Tree
We aspire to give our clients the financial security and confidence they deserve throughout their lives.
Learn More 


Integrity cube
We have built our practice on strong moral principles, honesty and integrity.
Learn More 


Puzzle pieces
Understanding your goals, creating a plan, crafting your portfolio, staying on course.
Learn More 


Team work
We believe that a team approach can be an effective way to provide our clients with the highest level of service.
Learn More 















Helpful Content


IRA Withdrawals that Escape the 10% Tax Penalty
The list of IRA withdrawals that may be taken without incurring a 10% early penalty has grown.



Do You Owe The AMT?
If you want to avoid potential surprises at tax time, it may make sense to know where you stand when it comes to the AMT.



Understanding the Alternate Valuation Date
Executors can value the estate on the date of death, or on its six-month anniversary —the “Alternate Valuation Date."


 





A Primer on Dividends
A company's profits can be reinvested or paid out to the company’s shareholders as “dividends."


Does Your Portfolio Fit Your Retirement Lifestyle?
Lifestyle considerations in creating your retirement portfolio.


The Economic Journey of Your Morning Coffee
Few contemplate the complex journey that brought their coffee from farm to kitchen table.


A Brief History of Estate Taxes
Federal estate taxes have long since been a lucrative source of funding for the federal government.


A Taxing Story: Capital Gains and Losses
Understanding how capital gains are taxed may help you refine your investment strategies.


Tax Deductions You Won't Believe
Here are some examples of deductions from the IRS that were permitted and some that were, uh, too creative.

View all articles 



What Is My Current Cash Flow?
Assess whether you are running “in the black” or “in the red” each month.


Annuity Comparison
This calculator compares a hypothetical fixed annuity with an account where the interest is taxed each year.


Capital Gains Tax Estimator
Use this calculator to estimate your capital gains tax.


What Is My Risk Tolerance?
This questionnaire will help determine your tolerance for investment risk.


Paying Off a Credit Card
Enter various payment options and determine how long it may take to pay off a credit card.


Taxable vs. Tax-Deferred Savings
Use this calculator to compare the future value of investments with different tax consequences.

View all calculators 



Tax Management Strategies
Learn more about taxes, tax-favored investing, and tax strategies. 


Your Cash Flow Statement
A presentation about managing money: using it, saving it, and even getting credit.


An Inside Look at Retirement Living
A number of questions and concerns need to be addressed to help you better prepare for retirement living.


5 Smart Investing Strategies
There are some smart strategies that may help you pursue your investment objectives


5 Smart Investing Principles
Principles that can help create a portfolio designed to pursue investment goals.


Principles of Preserving Wealth
How federal estate taxes work, plus estate management documents and tactics.

View all presentations 



It Was the Best of Times, It Was the Worst of Times
All about how missing the best market days (or the worst!) might affect your portfolio.


Estate Management 101
A will may be only one of the documents you need—and one factor to consider—when it comes to managing your estate


From Boats to Brokers
From the Dutch East India Company to Wall Street, the stock market has a long and storied history.


Investments
You’ve made investments your whole life. Work with us to help make the most of them.


The New Wild West: Bitcoin
Bitcoin’s future is uncertain, but one thing is for sure: it’s the wild west out there, and there is no sheriff in town.


Raise Your Retirement Income
Retirees look for ways to convert savings and investments into regular income. One option to consider is an annuity.

View all videos 





 


Our Comprehensive ApproachOur comprehensive approach is designed to create a plan that helps you achieve your near- and long-term goals.


 


EventsRSVP for any of Ironwood's upcoming events. 


































        
    Credit Card - Merchant Services - Utah Accredited Businesses

    









































Utah Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Credit Card - Merchant Services



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Utah

Credit Card - Merchant Services








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





utah
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results






by City / Location:


Lindon, UT


Salt Lake City, UT


Pleasant Grove, UT


Murray, UT




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Credit Card - Merchant Services
    
           in Utah







BBB








 



Sponsored


					Eliot Management Group, LLC


1100 E 6600 S Ste 425 Murray, UT 84121


800-933-9856   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			






BBB Business Profile



20
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Ironwood Financial, LLC


2150 S 1300 E Ste 500 Salt Lake City, UT 84106


844-449-7687   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			






BBB Business Profile



15
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					National Processing, LLC


1020 W 600 SSte 300 Lindon, UT 84042


801-853-3323   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			






BBB Business Profile



37
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					OpenEdge Payments, LLC


2578 W 600 N Lindon, UT 84042


888-427-2260   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			






BBB Business Profile



4
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					PayZang Inc


860 E 4500 S Ste 315 Salt Lake City, UT 84107


800-838-8651   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Select Bankcard, Inc.


170 S Interstate Plz Ste 200 Lehi, UT 84043


855-943-5763   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map




















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email
























        
    Credit Card - Merchant Services - Utah Accredited Businesses

    









































Utah Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Credit Card - Merchant Services



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Utah

Credit Card - Merchant Services








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





utah
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results






by City / Location:


Lindon, UT


Salt Lake City, UT


Pleasant Grove, UT


Murray, UT




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Credit Card - Merchant Services
    
           in Utah







BBB








 



Sponsored


					Eliot Management Group, LLC


1100 E 6600 S Ste 425 Murray, UT 84121


800-933-9856   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			






BBB Business Profile



20
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Ironwood Financial, LLC


2150 S 1300 E Ste 500 Salt Lake City, UT 84106


844-449-7687   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			






BBB Business Profile



15
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					National Processing, LLC


1020 W 600 SSte 300 Lindon, UT 84042


801-853-3323   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			






BBB Business Profile



37
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					OpenEdge Payments, LLC


2578 W 600 N Lindon, UT 84042


888-427-2260   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			






BBB Business Profile



4
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					PayZang Inc


860 E 4500 S Ste 315 Salt Lake City, UT 84107


800-838-8651   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 



Sponsored


					Select Bankcard, Inc.


170 S Interstate Plz Ste 200 Lehi, UT 84043


855-943-5763   
			

BBB Business Profile


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			






BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map




















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email













