











Home — Irving Magee Investment Management LLC


























Philosophy
Personnel
Strategies

Small Cap Equity


Contact us






Irving Magee Investment Management is an independently owned, SEC registered investment boutique focused on the institutional market place. Our firm culture encourages entrepreneurial spirit and original thinking in both our investment process and business building decisions.
We endeavor to preserve and grow our investors' capital through value oriented equity strategies focused on long-term capital appreciation. Our employees aim to provide an exceptional client experience through our transparency and responsiveness. The firm is headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania.
We believe that investor crowd psychology often causes financial markets to be imperfect pricing mechanisms in the short run. A portfolio invested in out of favor companies trading at a discount to intrinsic value stands to profit from the mean reverting nature of the market over the long run. 




© 2012-2017   Irving Magee Investment Management LLC
101 W. Elm Street, Suite 550, Conshohocken, PA 19428. Phone: 215.545.1970 | Fax: 215.558.2170

For further information contact info[at]irvingmagee.com
Sitemap
Site by Polite Design Inc.
 


















Contact Us — Irving Magee Investment Management LLC






















Philosophy
Personnel
Strategies

Small Cap Equity


Contact us







Irving Magee Investment Management LLC
101 W. Elm Street 
Suite 550
Conshohocken, PA 19428
 Phone: 215.545.1970
Fax: 215.558.2170
For further information, please contact info@irvingmagee.com





 



















Home — Irving Magee Investment Management LLC


























Philosophy
Personnel
Strategies

Small Cap Equity


Contact us






Irving Magee Investment Management is an independently owned, SEC registered investment boutique focused on the institutional market place. Our firm culture encourages entrepreneurial spirit and original thinking in both our investment process and business building decisions.
We endeavor to preserve and grow our investors' capital through value oriented equity strategies focused on long-term capital appreciation. Our employees aim to provide an exceptional client experience through our transparency and responsiveness. The firm is headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania.
We believe that investor crowd psychology often causes financial markets to be imperfect pricing mechanisms in the short run. A portfolio invested in out of favor companies trading at a discount to intrinsic value stands to profit from the mean reverting nature of the market over the long run. 




© 2012-2017   Irving Magee Investment Management LLC
101 W. Elm Street, Suite 550, Conshohocken, PA 19428. Phone: 215.545.1970 | Fax: 215.558.2170

For further information contact info[at]irvingmagee.com
Sitemap
Site by Polite Design Inc.
 


















Irving Magee Investment Management Buys Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc, Heartland Financial USA ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Irving Magee Investment Management Buys Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc, Heartland Financial USA ...


May 11, 2017, 03:38:06 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Irving Magee Investment ManagementNew Purchases: BHLB , HTLF , DPLO ,Added Positions:SMCI, FOSL,Reduced Positions:MTZ,Sold Out:ACCO,For the details of Irving Magee Investment Management's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Irving+Magee+Investment+ManagementThese are the top 5 holdings of Irving Magee Investment ManagementEvercore Partners Inc ( EVR ) - 171,970 shares, 5.16% of the total portfolio.Texas Capital Bancshares Inc ( TCBI ) - 143,701 shares, 4.62% of the total portfolio.Silicon Laboratories Inc ( SLAB ) - 155,151 shares, 4.39% of the total portfolio.Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc ( ELS ) - 141,812 shares, 4.21% of the total portfolio.Netgear Inc ( NTGR ) - 203,653 shares, 3.88% of the total portfolio.New Purchase: Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc (BHLB)Irving Magee Investment Management initiated holdings in Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc. The purchase prices were between $34.2 and $36.8, with an estimated average price of $35.38. The stock is now traded at around $36.70. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.07%. The holdings were 76,800 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Heartland Financial USA Inc (HTLF)Irving Magee Investment Management initiated holdings in Heartland Financial USA Inc. The purchase prices were between $44.95 and $51.25, with an estimated average price of $48.23. The stock is now traded at around $47.90. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.05%. The holdings were 54,800 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Diplomat Pharmacy Inc (DPLO)Irving Magee Investment Management initiated holdings in Diplomat Pharmacy Inc. The purchase prices were between $12.5 and $15.95, with an estimated average price of $14.42. The stock is now traded at around $18.24. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.02%. The holdings were 166,505 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Super Micro Computer Inc (SMCI)Irving Magee Investment Management added to the holdings in Super Micro Computer Inc by 29.32%. The purchase prices were between $24.6 and $28.85, with an estimated average price of $26.48. The stock is now traded at around $24.15. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.48%. The holdings were 216,975 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Fossil Group Inc (FOSL)Irving Magee Investment Management added to the holdings in Fossil Group Inc by 27.63%. The purchase prices were between $16.09 and $27.08, with an estimated average price of $21.2. The stock is now traded at around $13.84. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.37%. The holdings were 253,378 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: ACCO Brands Corp (ACCO)Irving Magee Investment Management sold out the holdings in ACCO Brands Corp. The sale prices were between $12.15 and $14.15, with an estimated average price of $13.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with SMCI. Click here to check it out.SMCI 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SMCIPeter Lynch Chart of SMCIPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        EVR
                                    
, 

                                        TCBI
                                    
, 

                                        SLAB
                                    
, 

                                        ELS
                                    
, 

                                        NTGR
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





EVR








100%



Rate It





TCBI








100%



Rate It





SLAB








100%



Rate It





ELS








100%



Rate It





NTGR








50%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




















































Philosophy — Irving Magee Investment Management LLC


























Philosophy
Personnel
Strategies

Small Cap Equity


Contact us






We believe that investor crowd psychology often causes financial markets to be imperfect pricing mechanisms in the short run. A portfolio invested in out of favor companies trading at a discount to intrinsic value stands to profit from the mean reverting nature of the equity markets over the long run.
Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC strives to generate positive absolute returns, not just relative to a benchmark. Central to this goal is our belief in the downside protection offered by value oriented securities as we seek to avoid a permanent loss of capital. From an attribution perspective, we expect our security selection to consistently outweigh other contributing factors. Our bottom-up, fundamentally driven approach is coupled with a top-down macroeconomic view and a front end screening process. Through our macroeconomic work we develop an outlook on global economies and markets hoping to identify trends and themes that will benefit specific sectors and industries. Our screening process is used to winnow down potential securities for purchase to a manageable universe. Most importantly, our independent appraisal of individual equities provides the opportunity for superior returns over a full market cycle. 




© 2012-2017   Irving Magee Investment Management LLC
101 W. Elm Street, Suite 550, Conshohocken, PA 19428. Phone: 215.545.1970 | Fax: 215.558.2170

For further information contact info[at]irvingmagee.com
Sitemap
Site by Polite Design Inc.
 
















Products — Irving Magee Investment Management LLC























Philosophy
Personnel
Strategies

Small Cap Equity


Contact us





Small Cap Equity Process Overview
Macro-Economic Overlay

Identify long term trends and themes
Quantify global fiscal and monetary policies
Formulate likely domestic equity market response

Opportunity Universe Screen

Russell 2000 and Russell 1000 Index below $2B in market cap
Attractiveness based on valuation and quality factors
Top quintile considered for investments
Investable universe of 350-400 small caps

Fundamental Research

Proprietary research conducted by Irving Magee professionals
Assessment of business models within context of macroeconomic view
Price targets derived using multiple methodologies

Portfolio Construction

Portfolio typically holds 50-70 securities
Typical equity weighting between 1-7%
Exposure to all 10 MSCI GICS sectors between 1-40%
Expected annual portfolio turnover of 30-40%





© 2012-2017   Irving Magee Investment Management LLC
101 W. Elm Street, Suite 550, Conshohocken, PA 19428. Phone: 215.545.1970 | Fax: 215.558.2170

For further information contact info[at]irvingmagee.com
Sitemap
Site by Polite Design Inc.
 



















Personnel — Irving Magee Investment Management LLC


























Philosophy
Personnel
Strategies

Small Cap Equity


Contact us












Bob Hagmeier, CFA
Director of Marketing & Client Service
Bob Hagmeier joined Irving Magee Investment Management from Atlantic Asset Management where he was a Senior Vice President. Prior to that, he was a Vice President at PIMCO and Director of Marketing at Advantus Capital Management. Bob brings over 30 years of marketing and client service experience with a diverse institutional client group. Mr. Hagmeier received his BS in Finance from St Cloud State University and an MBA from Rivier University. Additionally he is a member of the CFA Society of Hartford.









Jordan L. Irving
Partner
Jordan L. Irving is a Portfolio Manager for the Small Cap Equity strategy. His sector focuses are consumer discretionary, consumer staples, health care, industrials and utilities. He co-founded Irving Magee Investment Management in October 2010. Previously, Mr. Irving worked as a Senior Portfolio Manager for both large and small capitalization value equity strategies at Delaware Investments.  He began his career with the U.S. Active Large-Cap Value team within Merrill Lynch Investment Managers where he worked for six years. Mr. Irving received a BA in American Studies from Yale University and received a graduate diploma from Oxford University in England.









Francis P. Magee, CFA
Partner
Francis P. Magee is a Portfolio Manager for the Small Cap Equity strategy. His sector focuses are energy, financials, information technology, materials, and telecommunication services.  He co-founded Irving Magee Investment Management in October 2010. Previously, Mr. Magee worked as an investment professional on the Strategic Small Cap team at Delaware Investments.He began his career in the fund accounting group at SEI Investments. Mr. Magee received a BS in Finance from The Pennsylvania State University and an MBA from Saint Joseph's University. Additionally, he is a member of the CFA Society of Philadelphia.









Nicholas R. Sprague
Equity Analyst
Nicholas R. Sprague is an Equity Analyst for the Small Cap Equity strategy. He is a sector generalist assisting in all aspects of the research process. Mr. Sprague joined Irving Magee Investment Management in November of 2011. Previously, he worked as a Business Analyst at Synygy, Inc., a sales compensation management software and service company. Mr. Sprague received a BS in Math and Economics from The Pennsylvania State University. 


 




© 2012-2017   Irving Magee Investment Management LLC
101 W. Elm Street, Suite 550, Conshohocken, PA 19428. Phone: 215.545.1970 | Fax: 215.558.2170

For further information contact info[at]irvingmagee.com
Sitemap
Site by Polite Design Inc.
 









Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:01 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals and pension and profit sharing plans. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets of United States. It invests in value stocks of small-cap companies having market capitalization below $2 billion. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a combination of top down and bottom up stock picking approach to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Russell 2000 Value Index. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Irving Magee Investment Management,...
Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals and pension and profit sharing plans. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets of United States. It invests in value stocks of small-cap companies having market capitalization below $2 billion. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a combination of top down and bottom up stock picking approach to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Russell 2000 Value Index. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC was founded in October, 2010 and is based in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania.
Detailed Description


101 West Elm StreetSuite 550Conshohocken, PA 19428United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 215-545-1970

Fax: 215-558-2170

www.irvingmagee.com







Key Executives for Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC




Mr. Jordan Lancaster Irving


      	Partner, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Francis Patrick Magee CFA


      	Partner, Managing Director, Secretary, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. William Robert Hagmeier CFA


      	Director of Marketing and Client Service
      








Mr. Nicholas R. Sprague


      	Equity Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC, please visit www.irvingmagee.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







Francis Patrick Magee - Co-Founder at Irving Magee Investment Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Francis Patrick Magee
Co-Founder at Irving Magee Investment Management LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Francis Patrick Magee
Co-Founder at Irving Magee Investment Management LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Irving Magee Investment Management LLC




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 142 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Jordan Lancaster Irving

Co-Founder at Irving Magee Investment Management LLC




Bob Hagmeier

Director, Marketing & Client Service at Irving Magee Investment Management LLC





Nicholas R. Sprague

Equity Analyst at Irving Magee Investment Management LLC




Michael P. Bishof

Senior Vice President, Strategic Initiatives at State Street Corporation





Edward B. Sheridan

Former Vice President-Institutional Sales at Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust




Stephen R. Cianci

Former Adjunct Professor-Finance at Widener University - Chester





Thomas J. Trotman

Former Portfolio Manager at Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust




George E. Deming

Former Senior Vice President at Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust





Gerald S. Frey

President & Director at ExxonMobil Pipeline Company




Barry S. Gladstein

Former Vice President at Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust







See 132 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 132 More 


 


 Paths to Francis Patrick Magee



            Francis Patrick Magee          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Francis Patrick Magee






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Francis Patrick Magee.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The Pennsylvania State University

                  Penn State is a multicampus public research university that educates students from Pennsylvania, the nation and the world, and improves the well being and health of individuals and communities through integrated programs of teaching, research, and service. Penn State, founded in 1855 as an agricultural college, admitted its first class in 1859. Today Penn State is one of four “state-related” universities (along with the University of Pittsburgh, Temple University, and Lincoln University), institutions that are not state-owned and -operated but that have the character of public universities and receive substantial state appropriations.                




 


Saint Joseph's University

                  For 160 years, Saint Joseph’s University has advanced the professional and personal ambitions of men and women by providing a rigorous Jesuit education – one that demands high achievement, expands knowledge, deepens understanding, stresses effective reasoning and communication, develops moral and spiritual character, and imparts enduring pride.

A Saint Joseph’s education encompasses all aspects of personal growth and development, reflecting the Ignatian credo of cura personalis. Guided by a faculty committed to both teaching and scholarship, students develop intellectually through an intense liberal arts curriculum and advanced study in a chosen discipline. Students mature socially by participating in Saint Joseph’s campus life, noted for its rich variety of activities and infectious enthusiasm. Students grow ethically and spiritually by living their own values in the larger society beyond campus.

Located on the edge of metropolitan Philadelphia, Saint Joseph’s University provides ready access to the vast career opportunities and cultural resources of America’s fifth-largest city, while affording students a cohesive and intimate campus experience.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    2010 - Current                


Irving Magee Investment Management LLC


                  Irving Magee Investment Management seeks to preserve and grow their investors' capital through value-oriented equity strategies that focus on long-term capital appreciation.                




Vice President

                                    1997 - Prior                


Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust


                  Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust (MMBT) maintains a flexible strategy designed to conform with various clients’ individual investment objectives, whether such objectives are growth, total return, current income, tax-exempt income, asset allocation, international or global, or stability of principal. In addition, a portfolio manager will generally consider the composition of the relevant benchmark index, as well as the composition of portfolios within a competitive peer group when constructing the portfolio for a fund. This method is designed to minimize both excessive volatility within the portfolio and wide divergence in performance versus the market in a given investment style or mandate, while seeking to produce consistently above average long-term performance. MMBT manages separate client-focused equity, debt, and balanced portfolios. They invest in the public equity and debt markets of the US, non-US, and other emerging economies. They invest in growth-oriented value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap and large-cap companies. The firm selects countries by utilizing a top-down approach and selects using fundamental analysis with a bottom-up approach.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


SEI Investments Management Corp.


                  SEI is a leading global provider of institutional and private client wealth management solutions, including asset management, investment processing, and investment operations. We help professional wealth managers, institutional investors and private investors create and manage wealth -- and enable their long-term success by providing solutions that are both comprehensive and innovative.

Since 1968, SEI has been a leader in the investment services industry, recognized for its history of innovation. Throughout this 40-year history, our mission has remained constant: to help clients achieve continued success by developing consistently relevant solutions delivered through an outstanding client experience. Many of our solutions are unique, combining advice, investments, technology, and operations into comprehensive solutions designed to help professional wealth managers improve their business success; institutional investors make better financial decisions; and private clients achieve their life and wealth goals.

Today, we serve about 7,000 clients, including banks, trust institutions, wealth management organizations, independent investment advisors, retirement plan sponsors, corporations, not-for-profit organizations, investment managers, hedge fund managers, and high-net-worth families.

SEI manages or administers $495 billion in mutual fund and pooled or separately managed assets, including $206 billion in assets under management and $289 billion in client assets under administration.1

SEI is a public company and is listed on the NASDAQ exchange under the symbol SEIC. 

Our main office and corporate headquarters is in Oaks, Pennsylvania, USA, near Philadelphia. We also operate from offices in Canada, Hong Kong, Ireland, the Netherlands, South Africa, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Kingdom.

SEI offers solutions in five wealth management markets.                





 Other Affiliations




              Francis Patrick Magee is affiliated with
                            Irving Magee Investment Management LLC, Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust, SEI Investments Management Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC


@irving_magee_investment_management_llc





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.irvingmagee.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC Reviews & Info

Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC's primary clients are Pension and Profit Sharing Plans and Individuals....see more 
Advisors that work at Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC	

Contact:


1608 Walnut Street Suite 1401
Philadelphia, PA 19103
                    				




					Main Number: 215-545-1970				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC Reviews


No reviews found for Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC a Question
Send Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Irving Magee Investment Management, LLC








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed





















﻿






























Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Koppers Holdings Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Koppers Holdings Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Brenntag AG (FRA:BNR) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG
Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) Insider Buys £49,766.06 in Stock
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (NXST) Lowered by Jefferies Group
Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA:FRA) PT Set at €75.00 by Commerzbank Ag
Analysts Set Expectations for Endo International PLC’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:ENDP)
Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
MSCI Inc (MSCI) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
Hovnanian Enterprises Inc (HOV) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Downgrades Korn/Ferry International (KFY) to Buy
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Reduces Position in Allied Motion Technologies, Inc. (AMOT)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $1.17 Million Stake in The Madison Square Garden Company (MSG)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP)
Recro Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:REPH) Given a $11.00 Price Target by Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts
TheStreet Lowers Chemed Corp. (NYSE:CHE) to C+
Legal & General Group Plc Increases Position in Potlatch Corporation (NASDAQ:PCH)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $109,000 Position in FTD Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ:FTD)
Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Stake Raised by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO) Stake Reduced by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Stake Cut by First Trust Advisors LP
BidaskClub Upgrades Cabot Microelectronics Corporation (CCMP) to Buy







Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Position in Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC cut its position in  Koppers Holdings Inc. (NYSE:KOP) by 16.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 38,623 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock after selling 7,548 shares during the period. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC owned about 0.19% of Koppers Holdings worth $1,636,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of KOP. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in  Koppers Holdings by 24.6% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,884 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 570 shares during the period.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of  Koppers Holdings during the fourth quarter worth about $928,000.  State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of  Koppers Holdings by 4.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 535,883 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $21,593,000 after buying an additional 23,884 shares during the last quarter.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of  Koppers Holdings by 473.0% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 184,124 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $7,420,000 after buying an additional 151,992 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Comerica Bank increased its stake in shares of  Koppers Holdings by 11.7% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 52,773 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $2,296,000 after buying an additional 5,547 shares during the last quarter. 89.19% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Koppers Holdings Inc. alerts:



Koppers Holdings Inc. (NYSE KOP) opened at 36.85 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $766.70 million, a PE ratio of 22.65 and a beta of 0.98. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $36.09 and its 200-day moving average is $39.80. Koppers Holdings Inc. has a 12 month low of $28.54 and a 12 month high of $45.85. 





Koppers Holdings (NYSE:KOP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.33. Koppers Holdings had a return on equity of 217.62% and a net margin of 2.47%. The firm had revenue of $346.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $327.10 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.28 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Koppers Holdings Inc. will post $2.92 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/27/parametric-portfolio-associates-llc-sells-7548-shares-of-koppers-holdings-inc-kop-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Koppers Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded shares of Koppers Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $48.00 to $40.00 in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Barrington Research upped their price objective on shares of Koppers Holdings from $50.00 to $55.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, May 15th. FBR & Co  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Koppers Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded shares of Koppers Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $44.60.
In related news, SVP Thomas D. Loadman sold 3,000 shares of Koppers Holdings stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.01, for a total transaction of $105,030.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 35,927 shares in the company, valued at $1,257,804.27. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Thomas D. Loadman sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.92, for a total value of $389,200.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 48,927 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,904,238.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own  3.90% of the company’s stock. 
About Koppers Holdings
Koppers Holdings Inc is a global integrated provider of treated wood products, wood treatment chemicals and carbon compounds. The Company operates through three segments: Railroad and Utility Products and Services (RUPS), Carbon Materials and Chemicals (CMC) and Performance Chemicals (PC). The RUPS business sells treated and untreated wood products, rail joint bars and services primarily to the railroad markets.







Receive News & Ratings for Koppers Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koppers Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































