    Robert Isaman | UTC International | ZoomInfo.com










 


    Robert Isaman | UTC International | ZoomInfo.com










 


Robert G. Isaman, Pres. - Terex Construction, Terex Corp.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Robert Isaman 





 


Robert Isaman

 

Pres. - Terex Construction - Terex Corp.

 


Robert Isaman Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Terex Corp. 

 

Company Website : 
www.terex.com 

 

Company Address : 
200 Nyala Farm Rd., Westport, CT,United States, 


 


Robert Isaman Profile :
Pres. - Terex Construction - Terex Corp. 

 


Robert Isaman Biography :


Robert G. Isaman joined the Company as President, Terex Construction, effective January 2, 2007. Prior to joining Terex, Mr. Isaman spent 21 years at United Technologies Corporation most recently as President of Fire Safety Americas, UTC Fire & Security, based in Farmington, CT. He started in UTC's Otis Elevator Company in 1985 and advanced through the managerial ranks there. In 1993, he joined UTC International Operations as Deputy Program Manager, Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States. Mr. Isaman returned to Otis Elevator in 1995, became Vice President Marketing and Field Operations, Asia Pacific Area in 2001 and was appointed President, Otis Elevator (China) Investment Co. Ltd., in Beijing, China the following year. Mr. Isaman holds an MBA in International Business from George Washington University and a BS degree in Marketing from the University of Maryland. 

 


Robert Isaman Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Ronald Defeo 
Chmn., CEO 
Please login 


Kevin Barr 
Sr. VP, Human Resources 
Please login 


Jonathan Carter 
VP, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer 
Please login 


Eric Cohen 
Sr. VP, General Counsel, Sec. 
Please login 


Katia Facchetti 
Sr. VP, Chief Marketing Officer 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

© 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.





	Kohlberg & Company / Team / Robert G. Isaman
































About


Value Creation in the Middle Market

Investments

Investment Approach


Team

News

Contact Us

Limited Partner Log-In







								
	Team

							







				Robert G. Isaman

				Operating Partner


Mr. Isaman joined Kohlberg in 2012 as an Operating Partner. He is currently Chairman of Stanadyne Corporation and Sabre Industries, Inc. He is responsible for investment thesis development, company diligence and portfolio company operations management in the Industrial sector. Before joining the Firm, Mr. Isaman was the Chief Executive Officer at Stolle Machinery Company and held various senior level management positions at Terex Corporation and United Technologies Corporation. He holds a B.S. from the University of Maryland and an International M.B.A. from The George Washington University and served as a Green Beret in the U.S. Army.





			Associated Investments








							Sabre Industries, Inc.
						





							Stanadyne Corporation
						










Return to Previous Page








							©
							2017
							Kohlberg & Company, L.L.C.


Photography courtesy of C. Bernstein & MGF









Robert G. "Bob" Isaman , Kohlberg & Company, L.L.C. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Robert G. "Bob" Isaman  
Operating PartnerKohlberg & Company, L.L.C.
Telephone, Email, Fax, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
President,  Terex Corporation, Terex Construction , (2007-2009) 
(5 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership Networks® The Leadership Library® Leadership® Companies Premium


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








Manufacturer's Edge –   Board of Directors 


































 
Contact Us

Manufacturer's EdgeTransforming Colorado One Company at a TimeYou are here: Home / About Us / Board of DirectorsBoard of Directors
Vic Ahmed, Chair | CEO, Plug and Play
Robert D. Comer, Secretary | Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel, International Tower Hill Mines Ltd
Barry R. Knott | President & CEO, Lifeloc Technologies
Brian Burney | President & CEO, Oliver Manufacturing Company
Edmond Johnson | Owner, Premier Manufacturing, Inc.
Kathay Rennels | Associate Vice President for Engagement, Colorado State University
Consulting
Company transformations
Training
Results-driven training 
Events
Browse upcoming events
Success StoryA Truly “Unique” Approach to Efficiency, Continuous Improvement, and Change Management “We are a company whose sole purpose is not bottom line profits, rather a company powered by a sense of service, community, and accountability.” Unique Litho is a Colorado-based print & mail company, founded in 1984, with specific and noble standards for service, product, and environmental responsibility. They
Cost Savings$26,000Jobs Saved2Read Full Story 







 
Manufacturer's Edge

5505 Airport Blvd
Boulder, 
Colorado
80301
 info@manufacturersedge.com



 Click here to find our staff & locations 
Sign Up for Email UpdatesFor Email Marketing you can trust.









HomeAbout Us▲Board of DirectorsStaff and LocationsPartnersSuccess StoriesOur Services▼Continuous ImprovementTechnology AccelerationSupplier DevelopmentSustainable PracticesWorkforce DevelopmentOnline ProgramsEventsNews▼Announcements and AccoladesManufacturing Minutes NewsletterPressCompany WeekIndustry NewsResources▼WebinarsVideosManufacturers ConnectAdvantEDGE▼Small Manufacturer’s AdvantEDGEManufacturer’s Export AdvantEDGEADAPT



 










Robert G. Isaman: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:44 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of TechPrecision Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert G. Isaman  Consultant, TechPrecision CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships56--
Background

		Mr. Robert G. Isaman, also known as Bob, has been the Chief Executive Officer, Director, Chairman and President of Stanadyne Corporation since September 30, 2013. Mr. Isaman has been the President and Director of Stanadyne Holdings, Inc. since September 30, 2013. He has been an Operating Partner at Kohlberg & Company, L.L.C. since June 2012 and is responsible for investment thesis development, company diligence and portfolio management in the Industrial sector. Mr. Isaman ... has been a Consultant of Techprecision Corporation since March 31, 2017. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Stolle Machinery Company, LLC from 2010 to 2012. He served as Chairman of Stolle Machinery Company. He served as the President of Terex Construction from 2007 to 2009 and served as President of Roadbuilding Divisions of Terex Corp. from January 2, 2007 to 2009 with responsibility with responsibility for divisions generating $2.7 billion in revenue that design, manufacture, distribute and provide aftermarket services for a wide variety of roadbuilding and construction vehicles and equipment. Prior to Terex, Mr. Isaman spent 21 years, from 1985 to 2006 at United Technologies Corporation and lastly served as its President of Fire Safety Americas, UTC Fire & Security in 2006. He was a member of United Technologies' Senior Executive Leadership team. He started in UTC's Otis Elevator Company in 1985 and advanced through the managerial ranks there. In 1993, he joined UTC International Operations as Deputy Program Manager of Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States. He returned to Otis Elevator Company in 1995 and served as its Vice President for Marketing and Field Operations - Asia Pacific Area since 2001. He served as the President at Otis Elevator (China) Investment Co. Ltd. from 2001 to 2002 as well as marketing and international operation positions in China, Asia Pacific and Russia with UTC. He served as a Green Beret in the U.S. Army. He is a Director and Chairman of Sabre Industries, Inc. He serves as on the Boards of Aurora Products Group, LLC. He also serves on the Advisory Board of Clearedge Power. He served as Executive Chairman of AGY Holding Corp. from February 01, 2013 to July 2013 and served as its Director from July 27, 2012 to July 2013. He served as an Independent Director at TechPrecision Corporation since November 20, 2012 until March 31, 2017. Mr. Isaman spent over 25 years in the manufacturing sector. He is a veteran of the U.S. Army Special Forces. Mr. Isaman holds an M.B.A. in International Business from George Washington University and a B.S. Degree in Marketing from the University of Maryland.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
992 Old Eagle School RoadWayne, Pennsylvania 19087United StatesPhone: 484-693-1700Fax: 267-373-1640
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentExecutive ChairmanStanadyne Corporation2013-PresentPresident, Director, President of Stanadyne Corp, CEO of Stanadyne Corp & Director of Stanadyne CorpStanadyne Holdings, Inc.
Education
MBA The George Washington UniversityBS University of Maryland
Other Affiliations
Kohlberg & Company, L.L.C.Stanadyne CorporationUnited Technologies CorporationOtis Elevator CompanyTerex CorporationThe George Washington UniversityAGY Holding Corp.University of MarylandStolle Machinery Company, LLCStanadyne Holdings, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TechPrecision Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Stanadyne Corporation appoints Robert Isaman as new President and CEO
























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Stanadyne Corporation appoints Robert Isaman as new President and CEO Stanadyne Corporation appoints Robert Isaman as new President and CEO








October 2, 2013
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can.


– USA – Windsor, Conn. – Stanadyne Corporation (“Stanadyne”) announced today the retirement of M. David Jones from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer. Jones, who joined Stanadyne in 2006, will remain on Stanadyne’s Board of Directors. Commenting on his retirement, Jones stated: “Stanadyne’s employees, innovative technologies and long history of market leadership in the niches it serves are unmatched in the industry. I am pleased to have played a part in Stanadyne’s development over the last eight years. The company’s recent product launches have positioned the company for continued growth in the years ahead. I would like to thank all of Stanadyne’s employees for their hard work and professionalism.”
James D. Wiggins, Chairman of Stanadyne added: “On behalf of the Board of Directors of Stanadyne, I wish to thank David for his distinguished service to the Company. David oversaw the most significant new product and new market development initiative in Stanadyne’s history, with notable successes including latest-technology commercial relationships with many new customers around the world, the opening of a new manufacturing facility in China and the expansion of the company’s existing manufacturing facility in India. We appreciate his leadership through this commercial repositioning of the company and look forward to his continuing involvement on the Board.”
Stanadyne also announced the election by Stanadyne’s Board of Directors, effective today, of Robert G. Isaman to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Isaman is an Operating Partner at Kohlberg & Company, Stanadyne’s majority shareholder. Isaman was most recently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Stolle Machinery Company, a $500 million in revenues manufacturer of production equipment for the beverage packaging industry. Prior to Stolle, Isaman was the President of the Construction and Roadbuilding Division of Terex Corporation. In addition, from 1985 to 2006, Isaman was employed by United Technologies Corporation where he held positions of increasing responsibility, culminating as President of Fire Safety Americas and a member of United Technologies’ Senior Executive Leadership team. Isaman stated: “I am pleased to be joining Stanadyne and to help continue its new product and market expansion efforts and successes.” Wiggins commented: “Stanadyne is fortunate to have an executive with Bob’s breadth of experience. We look forward with confidence to his role in furthering Stanadyne’s position as an industry leader in existing and new product segments and geographies.”
About Stanadyne
Stanadyne is a leader in technology and services for engine components and fuel systems including diesel fuel injection and filtration systems, and oil and fuel supply pumps used in agricultural, construction, industrial, and automotive vehicle and equipment applications. Stanadyne is headquartered in Windsor, Connecticut and has facilities in the United States, Italy, India, and China.

- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Greatbatch appoints Jean Hobby, Craig Maxwell and Filippo Passerini to its Board of DirectorsTerex Corporation announces John Garrison to its Board of Directors as upcoming CEOWatts Water Technologies appoints Suellen Torregrosa as new President, AmericasTalent4Boards Team						





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsTransgenomicRelay TherapeuticsAnglo Pacific GroupValeant Pharmaceuticals InternationalKeller Group











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -





























